股票編號：0315                               Stock Code : 0315




            ANNUAL REPORT 2016/17 年 報
CONTENTS



About Us                                         2
Directors and Corporate Information              3
Financial Highlights                             4
Chairman’s Statement                             5
Management Discussion and Analysis               7
Corporate Governance Report                      11
Report of the Directors                          23
Directors Profile                                40
Group Financial Summary                          48
Independent Auditor’s Report                     49
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             54
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   55
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       56
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 58
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      60
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   62




                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                      Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                       1
                                               ABOUT US


                                               SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK) is a leading
                                               telecommunications company with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and
                                               Macau, providing voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well as
                                               fixed fibre broadband services for the consumer and corporate markets. Its goal
                                               is to deliver unbeatable and valuable experiences to customers through its
                                               powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate service. The company has
                                               been listed in Hong Kong since 1996. It is a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai
                                               Properties Limited (0016.HK).




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




         2
     DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



Board of Directors                         Auditors
*	Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond             PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Chairman                             Certified Public Accountants
*	Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                     22nd Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
      Deputy Chairman                      Hong Kong
*	Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen
      Deputy Chairman
   Ms. Anna YIP                           Hong Kong Share Registrar
      Chief Executive Officer
                                           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
   Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick
                                           Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
   Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                           183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
*   Mr. David Norman PRINCE
*   Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas
*   Mr. John Anthony MILLER
**  Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP             Principal Share Registrar
**  Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP                  MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
**  Mr. YANG Xiang-dong                    The Belvedere Building
**  Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric                 69 Pitts Bay Road
**  Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine      Pembroke HM 08
**  Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny               Bermuda

*     Non-Executive Director
**    Independent Non-Executive Director
                                           Principal Bankers
                                           Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Company Secretary                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                             Corporation Limited
Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin
                                           Hang Seng Bank Limited


Authorised Representatives                 Legal Advisors to the
Ms. Anna YIP
                                           Company
Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                    As to Hong Kong law
                                           Slaughter and May


Registered Office                          As to Bermuda law
                                           Conyers, Dill & Pearman
Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda



                                                                                               SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                           Bermuda Resident
Head Office and Principal                  Representative
Place of Business                          Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                           Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
31st Floor, Millennium City 2,



                                                                                               Annual Report 2016/17
                                           Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong,
Kowloon, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                3
                                               FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




                                                                                                                       Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                                                                              2017              2016

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account
                                               Revenues                                                                       8,715           18,356
                                               Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                             672              797
                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                                                    0.62             0.75
                                               Total dividends per share ($)                                                   0.60             0.60


                                               Consolidated balance sheet
                                               Total assets                                                                   9,776           10,403
                                               Current liabilities                                                           (2,185)          (2,863)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities                                          7,591            7,540
                                               Non-current liabilities                                                       (2,956)          (3,176)
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                        (41)             (47)


                                               Net assets                                                                     4,594            4,317


                                               Share capital                                                                    111              108
                                               Reserves                                                                       4,483            4,209


                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                     4,594            4,317


                                                                                                                           Year ended 30 June
                                                                                                                              2017            2016

                                               Consolidated cash flows
                                               Net cash generated from operating activities                                   1,750            1,513
                                               Interest received                                                                 61               64
                                               Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                            (575)            (606)
                                               Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities                       152               —
                                               Payment of mobile licence fees                                                (2,501)            (203)
                                               Additions of handset subsidies                                                  (282)            (309)
                                               Payment for purchase of held-to-maturity debt securities                          —              (860)
                                               Dividends paid                                                                  (306)            (464)




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                              (183)            (133)
                                               Proceeds from shares issued under share option scheme                             —               136
                                               Payment for repurchase of shares                                                 (88)              —
                                               Others                                                                             1                9


                                               Net decrease in pledged bank deposits, short-term bank




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                 deposits, and cash and cash equivalents                                     (1,971)            (853)




         4
                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




I am pleased to report the results of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2017.

The period under review has been dominated by challenging market conditions. Core postpaid
service revenue (net of handset subsidy amortisation) has remained steady while net profit declined
16% to $672 million. The drop in profit was due to the increase in spectrum costs, declining voice
roaming revenues, lower handset profits and severe competitive pressure. To mitigate against these
factors, the Company is taking active steps to implement productivity improvements, while
continuing to invest in business fundamentals, including its customer-centric strategy and superior
network performance.



Financial Highlights and Review
Group service revenue was $5,160 million, a drop of 6% over the previous year, due to increased
migration from handset-bundled plans to SIM Only plans, weakness in the prepaid segment and a
decline in voice roaming revenues. However, net of handset subsidy amortisation, the underlying
postpaid service revenue has shown resilience and remained unchanged from the prior year. Local
mobile postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation has increased by 2%,
reflecting the strength of the core local mobile business.

SmarTone increased its Hong Kong customer number by 4% to 2.06 million. This was driven by a
number of measures, including a focus on customer acquisition through segmented offerings and
retention through loyalty initiatives. The Company has continued to invest in branding and
marketing to grow its customer base. During the reporting period, churn rate was 1.0% and
mobile postpaid ARPU was $285.

The Company has continued to focus on operational efficiency and OPEX remained stable while
CAPEX fell by 14%.

During the year under review, SmarTone reinforced its network superiority and technological
leadership with the aim of providing the best customer experience in Hong Kong. At the same
time, the Company has remained agile to changing customer needs and has developed platforms
to enhance customer engagement across a number of digital touchpoints. These include the
company website, 24/7 Live Chat, online store and the SmarTone CARE app. SmarTone
strengthened its position as a technology leader through the well-received “Powerful Network”
campaign to highlight superior network performance, particularly along the MTR lines.

SmarTone continued to invest in expanding capacity and delivering superior network performance
to support the growing customer demand for data services. As part of its ongoing investment in




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
4.5G/5G technologies, the Company has made substantial progress in the implementation of quad-
band Carrier Aggregation, 256QAM and 4X4 MIMO. These upgrades will further enhance overall
network performance and customer experience. In addition, SmarTone became the first mobile
operator in Hong Kong to successfully complete the LAA trial, an innovative technology combining
licensed and unlicensed spectrum to uplift LTE data speed. The Company is also in the process of
modernising its core network, an important step to support the network evolution from 4.5G to




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17
5G.



Dividend
The Board is pleased to declare a final dividend of 33 cents per share, making a full-year dividend
of 60 cents per share. Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of
cash under a scrip dividend scheme. The Company’s payout policy remains unchanged at 75%.


                                                                                                                              5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Outlook
                                               The challenging operating environment is expected to continue. A number of factors, including
                                               higher spectrum costs, declining voice roaming revenues, lower handset profits and severe
                                               competitive pressure will weigh on profitability. SmarTone is taking proactive steps to mitigate the
                                               impact of these factors. The Company’s priority is to improve productivity throughout the business
                                               while maintaining investments to deliver the best network experience. The Company also aims to
                                               accelerate growth of new revenue sources, such as the ICT (Information, Communications &
                                               Technology) business, internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI) and machine-to-machine
                                               (M2M) applications. As part of its customer-centric strategy, SmarTone will continue to deepen its
                                               segmented offerings and invest in a number of new digital platforms and services that better suit
                                               customers’ increasingly digital lifestyle.

                                               SmarTone welcomes the Government’s move to clarify the spectrum supply roadmap. It is critical
                                               for the industry to have sufficient supply of spectrum at a reasonable price to spur innovation and
                                               the adoption of services enabled by new technologies & 5G. This is essential to Hong Kong’s
                                               position as a competitive and global economy.

                                               The Board is confident that the Company is taking the necessary steps to navigate the current
                                               industry environment, while also building the revenue streams that will deliver growth and long-
                                               term value to shareholders.



                                               Appreciation
                                               During the year under review, Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred retired by rotation as Non-Executive
                                               Director. I would like to thank Mr. Tsim for his valuable contribution at SmarTone over the years.
                                               In addition, Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive
                                               Director of SmarTone. I would like to welcome Mr. Lam to the Board.

                                               I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for
                                               their continuing support, to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their
                                               dedication and hard work.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Chairman

                                               Hong Kong, 29 August 2017




Annual Report 2016/17




         6
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of financial results
The Group’s service revenue fell by $311 million or 6% to $5,160 million (2015/16: $5,471 million)
amidst continuing customer migration from handset-bundled plans to SIM Only plans, structural
decline in voice roaming and a decline in revenue from prepaid products.

Customer migration from handset bundled plans to SIM Only plans masked a better underlying
trend in revenue as there was a corresponding reduction in handset subsidy amortisation. Handset
subsidy amortisation fell by $240 million or 35% to $436 million (2015/16: $676 million). Netting
off the handset subsidy amortisation, Group postpaid service revenue remained stable while the
underlying postpaid local service revenue increased 2%.

Hong Kong customer number increased by 4% year-on-year to 2.06 million, as a result of a
number of initiatives including a focus on segmented offerings for acquisitions and loyalty
programs for retention. During the reporting period, average mobile postpaid churn rate was
1.0% (2015/16: 0.9%) and mobile postpaid ARPU was $285 (2015/16: $301).

Roaming revenue, which made up of 14% of Group’s service revenue (2015/16: 14%) declined due
to cannibalisation of voice and SMS usage by over-the-top (OTT) applications and a continuing
global downward trend in inter-operator tariffs. Increase in data roaming revenue partly offsets the
drop in voice roaming revenue.

The Group’s total revenue decreased by 53% to $8,715 million (2015/16: $18,356 million) mainly
due to decline in handset sales revenue in the absence of hero handsets in the year under review.
Group’s handset and accessory sales fell by $9,330 million or 72% to $3,555 million (2015/16:
$12,885 million). Both sales volume and average unit selling price declined.

Cost of inventories sold fell by $9,291 million or 73% to $3,504 million (2015/16: $12,795 million).
Such decline was broadly in line with the decrease in handset and accessory sales.

Staff costs rose by $11 million or 2% to $733 million (2015/16: $722 million) mainly amid an
increase in share-based payments and one-off redundancy costs.




                                                                                                              SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                               7
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Other operating expenses remained stable at $2,182 million (2015/16: $2,179 million). Higher
                                               network operating costs and sales and marketing expenses were offset by lower cost of services
                                               provided, rentals and utilities and general administrative expenses.

                                               Depreciation and loss on disposal decreased by $15 million or 2% to $675 million (2015/16: $690
                                               million) amid lower capital expenditure and impact of fully depreciated assets.

                                               Spectrum utilisation fee amortisation rose by $66 million or 35% to $256 million (2015/16: $190
                                               million) amid higher amortisation for the renewed and additional 2100MHz spectrum.

                                               Finance income fell slightly by $8 million to $52 million (2015/16: $60 million) amid significantly
                                               lower average balance of bank deposits after payment for the renewed and additional 2100MHz
                                               spectrum.

                                               Finance costs excluding exchange loss fell by $22 million to $132 million (2015/16: $154 million)
                                               amid lower accretion expenses on mobile licence fee liabilities as the liabilities declined over time.

                                               Exchange loss related to bonds, cash, bank deposits and borrowings amounted to $5 million
                                               (2015/16: $48 million mainly from RMB deposits). The Group had minimal exposure to RMB, other
                                               than for operating needs.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $177 million (2015/16: $175 million), reflecting an effective tax
                                               rate of 21.0% (2015/16: 18.2%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of certain
                                               upfront payments for spectrum utilisation fees, these payments have been treated as non-
                                               deductible on cash or amortisation basis, Group effective tax rate is therefore higher than 16.5%.

                                               The increase in the effective tax rate was due to a higher amortisation expense for upfront
                                               utilisation fees (treated as non-deductible expenses) for the renewed and additional 2100MHz
                                               spectrum and lower non-taxable interest income from significantly reduced cash deposits.

                                               Macau operations reported an operating loss of $24 million (2015/16: $33 million).

                                               Group EBITDA fell by 14% to $2,296 million (2015/16: $2,661 million). Group service operating
                                               profit was $878 million, representing a 13% decline as compared with last year due to increase in
                                               spectrum fee amortisation, declining voice roaming and lower handset profit. Group profit
                                               attributable to equity holders of the Company fell by 16% to $672 million (2015/16: $797
                                               million).




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




         8
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year under
review, the Group was financed by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other
borrowings. As at 30 June 2017, the Group recorded share capital of $111 million, total equity of
$4,634 million and total borrowings of $2,691 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including pledged bank
deposits and short-term bank deposits) of $1,274 million as at 30 June 2017 (30 June 2016:
$3,242 million). The reduction was mainly due to payment of $2,287 million for the renewed and
additional 2100MHz spectrum.

As at 30 June 2017, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,691 million (30 June 2016:
$2,850 million) of which 81% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a
fixed rate basis. Net debt, after deducting cash and held-to-maturity debt securities, amounted to
$705 million as at 30 June 2017 (30 June 2016: net cash of $1,262 million). Net debt to EBITDA
was 0.3X as at 30 June 2017 (30 June 2016: net cash to EBITDA at 0.5X).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $1,750 million
and $61 million respectively during the year ended 30 June 2017. The Group’s major outflows of
funds during the year were payments for spectrum utilisation fees, dividends, additions of handset
subsidies and purchase of fixed assets.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working
capital requirements for the financial year ending 30 June 2018 with internal cash resources and
available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to
time by the board of directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in held-to-
maturity debt securities. Bank deposits and held-to-maturity debt securities are predominantly
maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its
behalf. The Group may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower
the issuance costs.




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                              9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Charges on assets
                                               As at 30 June 2017, certain bank deposits of the Group, in aggregate amount of $2 million
                                               (30 June 2016: $2 million), were pledged for securing guarantees issued by the banks. In addition,
                                               certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the
                                               Group and the carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $80 million as at 30 June
                                               2017 (30 June 2016: $82 million).


                                               Interest rate exposure
                                               The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong
                                               Kong dollars which accounted for 19% of the Group’s total borrowings at 30 June 2017. The
                                               remaining 81% of the Group’s borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well
                                               protected from any potential rising interest rates in the future. The Group does not currently
                                               undertake any interest rate hedging.


                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other
                                               currency movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, held-to-
                                               maturity debt securities, available-for-sale financial assets, trade payables and bank and other
                                               borrowings denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any
                                               foreign exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               Performance bonds
                                               Certain banks, on the Group’s behalf, had issued performance bonds to the telecommunications
                                               authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in respect of obligations under mobile licences issued by
                                               those authorities. The total amount outstanding as at 30 June 2017 under these performance
                                               bonds was $305 million (30 June 2016: $305 million).


                                               Employees and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,994 full-time employees as at 30 June 2017 (30 June 2016: 2,140) with majority
                                               of them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $733 million for the year ended 30 June 2017
                                               (2015/16: $722 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits.



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Bonus payments are discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the
                                               individual employee’s performance. Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care
                                               insurance. Employees are provided with both internal and external training appropriate to each
                                               individual’s requirements.

                                               The Group has share option schemes under which the Company may grant options to participants,



Annual Report 2016/17
                                               including directors and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the year under
                                               review, 3,000,000 share options were granted; and 352,500 share options were cancelled or
                                               lapsed. 3,000,000 (30 June 2016: 352,500) share options were outstanding as at 30 June 2017.




10
                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance.
Throughout the year ended 30 June 2017, the Company has applied the principles and complied
with the requirements set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except for the following
deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed
for a specific term. Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term
but they are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by
shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in accordance with the Company’s
Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other
non-executive directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of
the views of shareholders. Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred, Non-Executive Director, and Dr. Li Ka-cheung,
Eric, Mr. Yang Xiang-dong, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine,
Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the
Company held on 1 November 2016 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements.
The remaining seven Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors
(representing 58% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at
the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the
shareholders.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to
ensure compliance with the CG Code.



The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively
responsible for promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s
affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the
supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.



                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i)
developing and reviewing policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and
monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and
disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                             11
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               Composition
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               During the year, Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred retired as Non-Executive Director of the Company by
                                               rotation at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 1 November 2016; Mr. Lam
                                               Kwok-fung, Kenny was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect
                                               from 1 March 2017.

                                               As at 30 June 2017, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, six Non-Executive Directors and
                                               six Independent Non-Executive Directors. The presence of twelve Non-Executive Directors, of whom
                                               six are independent, is considered by the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and
                                               Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly
                                               to the important function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also
                                               serve to ensure that the Board maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory
                                               reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the
                                               Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on
                                               pages 40 to 47 of this Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or
                                               other material/relevant relationships with each other.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual
                                               confirmation of his or her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the
                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities
                                               arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


                                               Appointment and re-election of Directors
                                               All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by
                                               shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years.

                                               One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for
                                               re-election at each annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer
                                               than three years. To further enhance accountability, any further appointment of an Independent




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s Board for more than nine years will be
                                               subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

                                               Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after
                                               their appointment, and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.




Annual Report 2016/17




12
                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid
power being concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those
of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chairman of the Company is Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is Ms. Anna Yip. Their respective responsibilities are
clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring
that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures.
The Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is
responsible for managing the Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies
and initiatives adopted by the Board.


Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in
person or through electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of
Directors, a tentative schedule for regular Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to
the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the opportunity to include matters in the
agenda for discussion. The finalised agenda and accompanying board papers are sent to all
Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the
operation and financial performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or
consideration matters covering overall Group strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual
budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital transactions and other significant
operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis of major
changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors
can also seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s
expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed
minutes, including all decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views
expressed (if any). All minutes are open for inspection at any reasonable time on request by any
Director.




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                              13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
                                               Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2017. The
                                               attendance record of the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                    Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                   during the term of office
                                               Directors                                                       Board Meetings General Meeting

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                       4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                   4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                    4/4                    1/1

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                       4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                        4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                    4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                      4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                      4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                      4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred1                                                   2/2                    0/1

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                       4/4                    0/1
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                            4/4                    1/1
                                               Mr. Yang Xiang-dong                                                          1/4                    0/1
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                       3/4                    0/1
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                            2/4                    0/1
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny2                                                    1/1                    0/0

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred retired as Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual
                                                    general meeting of the Company held on 1 November 2016.

                                               2.   Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with
                                                    effect from 1 March 2017.


                                               Directors’ training


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business
                                               and activities of the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors
                                               to ensure that they are familiar with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and
                                               responsibilities as Director as well as the business and corporate governance practices of the
                                               Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest developments in




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

                                               Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
                                               knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and
                                               relevant. The Company organised a training seminar for the Directors in April 2017 which was
                                               presented by representatives from a renowned professional firm covering the topic “HK/IFRS 15 —
                                               Revenue from contracts with customers”.



14
                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year
ended 30 June 2017, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading
materials relevant to the Company’s business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

                                                                                         Type of
Directors                                                                               trainings

Executive Directors
Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                                         A, C
Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                                     A, C
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                      A, C

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                       A, B, C
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                        A, B, C
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                    A, B, C
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                      A, B, C
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                         A, C
Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                         A, C
Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred                                                                       A, C

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                         A, C
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                              A, C
Mr. Yang Xiang-dong                                                                               C
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                         A, C
Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                              A, C
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                       A, C

A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials



Board Committees
The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of
no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Board Supervisory Committee (the “BSC”)
The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution
of business plans and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC.
Members of the BSC include the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17
Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-Executive Directors are welcomed to join the
BSC at their discretion.

The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy
implementation as well as the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to
properly inform the Board of the status of such operations and performance. To facilitate
maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for regular BSC meetings for
each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.

                                                                                                              15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               Remuneration Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and
                                               the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung
                                               Yuk-lun, Allen (Non-Executive Director). The majority of the members of the Remuneration
                                               Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

                                               The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the
                                               remuneration policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as
                                               reviewing and making recommendations on the Company’s share option scheme, bonus structure
                                               and other compensation-related issues. The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the
                                               Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations, and also has access to professional
                                               advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided with other
                                               resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration
                                               packages of individual Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference
                                               of the Remuneration Committee is available on the Company’s website.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Remuneration Committee passed two written resolutions
                                               for approving and/or recommending the emoluments to Directors and senior management.

                                               Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management

                                               The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to
                                               enable the Company to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking
                                               their compensation with performance as measured against corporate objectives.

                                               The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior
                                               management include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share option. In determining guidelines
                                               for each compensation element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys
                                               on companies operating in similar businesses.

                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to
                                               annual assessment with reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-
                                               pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their duties including attendance
                                               at Company meetings.


                                               Nomination Committee


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and
                                               the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David
                                               Norman Prince (Non-Executive Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination
                                               Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy, and making
                                               recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
                                               The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee
                                               is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of
                                               reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the Company’s website.




16
                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Nomination Committee passed two written resolutions
for reviewing the size, structure and composition of the Board and recommending new
appointment and re-election of Directors.

The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring
Directors who offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2017 Annual General Meeting.

Board diversity

The Company adopted a board diversity policy for the Group. The Company recognises and
embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a
view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity
at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives
and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a number of factors,
including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having
due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services
in the Group, cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section
“The Board — Composition” of this Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of
the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this Annual Report). The Nomination Committee
considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.

The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will
review the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its
responsibilities for ensuring compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate
governance requirements as well as reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems.

The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with
professional accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent
Non-Executive Director), Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Tsim
Wing-kit, Alfred (Non-Executive Director, ceased to be a member from 1 November 2016 upon his
retirement as a director of the Company by rotation on the same date). All the existing members




                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
of the Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee
members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and experience to provide relevant
advice and recommendations to the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                             17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual
                                               and interim reports, and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the
                                               Group’s financial position; reviewing the Group’s financial control, internal control and risk
                                               management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices; and
                                               recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The duties of the Audit
                                               Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
                                               website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its
                                               duties.

                                               The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2017 to review with
                                               management and the Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal
                                               controls and financial matters as set out in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s
                                               review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and external auditors, external auditor’s
                                               independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and statutory
                                               compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the
                                               interim and annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).

                                               The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                                     Meetings
                                                                                                                                attended/held
                                                                                                                              during the term
                                               Directors                                                                             of office

                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                            2/2
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                            2/2
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                       1/2
                                               Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred                                                                    1/1

                                               The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 24 August 2017 and reviewed the financial
                                               statements as well as the internal audit reports of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2017.
                                               The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by
                                               the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee
                                               found no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the
                                               disclosure of data and explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also
                                               satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been
                                               maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2017.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




18
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


External auditor’s independence

The nature and ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit
services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the
external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so as to ensure that the independence
and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired. Details of the fees paid or payable to
the auditor for the year ended 30 June 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                                               HK$

Audit services                                                                                          2,527,000

Non-audit services
  Taxation                                                                                                175,000
  Review of interim financial statements                                                                  337,000
  Others1                                                                                                 474,000


                                                                                                          986,000


Total fees                                                                                              3,513,000

Note:

1.      Non-audit services — Others mainly consists of other reporting services to regulatory authorities, landlords
        and business partners.


The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at and for the year
ended 30 June 2017 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers. Before the commencement of
the said audit, the Committee received written confirmation from PricewaterhouseCoopers
confirming that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the
meaning of the requirements of section 290 of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and
effectiveness, independence and objectivity of PricewaterhouseCoopers and had recommended the
Board to propose a resolution of their re-appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the
forthcoming 2017 Annual General Meeting.




                                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                              19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
                                               financial statements
                                               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
                                               statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
                                               Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure
                                               requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
                                               Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the
                                               Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
                                               concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to
                                               liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                               The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the
                                               Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 49 to 53 of this Annual Report.



                                               Risk management and internal control systems
                                               The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and
                                               for reviewing its effectiveness.

                                               The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive
                                               organisational structure and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and
                                               operational units clearly defined and authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and
                                               business need.

                                               Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorised use and
                                               disposition; ensure compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper
                                               maintenance of accounting records for provision of reliable financial information used within the
                                               business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance against material misstatement, loss
                                               or fraud.

                                               A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management
                                               Committee, reporting to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management
                                               function of the Group. Risk Management Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach
                                               on the risk management processes in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               identified affecting key business processes.

                                               The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with seven qualified professionals, which is an
                                               independent function reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer.
                                               Internal Audit plays an important role in the risk management and internal control framework and
                                               provides independent assurance to the Board as to the adequacy and effectiveness of risk




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The work of
                                               Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud
                                               investigations and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual
                                               audit plan using a risk assessment methodology and taking into account the business nature of the
                                               Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate
                                               resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover major risks affecting the
                                               Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both are
                                               aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.


20
                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk
management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2017.
The review considered the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the
Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, and their training programmes
and budget. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational and
compliance controls and risk management functions. It was based on a framework which assesses
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems against control environment, risk
management, control activities, information and communication and monitoring activities on all
major business and operational processes. The review also considered (a) the changes, since the
last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and the Group’s ability to respond
to changes in its business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of
management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, the work of its
internal audit function and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and frequency of
communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of the Group
and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control failings or weaknesses that have
been identified during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had or may in the future have, a material
impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the effectiveness of the Group’s
processes for financial reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct
for employees stipulates the prohibition on unauthorised use of inside information of the
Company. Employees who are privy or have access to inside information have also been notified
on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
Directors
The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had
confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2017, they had fully complied with the required
standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.



Shareholders’ rights



                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Right to convene special general meeting
The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the
deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the
date of the deposit carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, forthwith
proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17
The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists
and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the
Company Secretary.




                                                                                                               21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly
                                               to convene a meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the
                                               total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so
                                               convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.


                                               Right to put enquiries to the Board
                                               Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent
                                               by post to the Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or
                                               by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for the attention of the Company Secretary.


                                               Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
                                               On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing
                                               not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of
                                               the requisition a right to vote at the meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than
                                               100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of the requisitionists:

                                               (a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general
                                                     meeting notice of any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved
                                                     at that meeting;

                                               (b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any
                                                     statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any
                                                     proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at that meeting.

                                               The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the
                                               Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.



                                               Investor relations
                                               To manage its relationship with investment community, the Group meets regularly with the press
                                               and financial analysts and participates frequently in other conferences and presentations. The
                                               Company also communicates to its shareholders through announcements and annual and interim
                                               reports. All such reports and announcements can also be accessed via the Company’s website. The
                                               Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of the management team also
                                               respond to inquiries from shareholders and investment community promptly.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




22
                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended
30 June 2017.



Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal
subsidiaries are shown in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by operating segment is set out in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements.



Business review
The Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on
pages 7 to 10 of this Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year
and indication of likely future development in the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms
part of this Report of the Directors.

Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


(i)   Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
      As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate
      Governance Report on pages 11 to 22, effective risk management framework is in place to
      provide a consistent approach on the risk management process in identification, assessment,
      treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to Group’s operations and
      business.

      The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The
      followings are the key risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the
      time.

      Competition — The Group is operating in markets with fierce competitions, which had led
      to pricing pressure and increased marketing costs.

      Information Technology — The Group requires reliable and effective information
      technology systems for its key business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-
      attack against the systems may cause disruption in operations and affect the service to




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
      customers.

      Compliance — The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The
      Group has to make sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and
      regulations. Contravention to the laws and regulations will result in legal penalty, business
      disruption and/or damage to brand image.



                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17
      Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 5 to the
      consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                    23
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               (ii) Environmental policies and performance
                                                     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources,
                                                     promotes green awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and
                                                     supports community events to build a green living environment.

                                                     The Group has implemented a number of measures to help protecting the environment. A
                                                     “paperless” retail process is adopted for retail stores so that the use of hard copies for sales
                                                     documents and promotion leaflets are kept to the minimum. LED lighting fixtures are used to
                                                     reduce energy consumption. The Group also participates in community-run environmental
                                                     campaigns like moon-cake boxes recycling.


                                               (iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                     The Group recognises the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
                                                     and risks of non-compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of
                                                     newly enacted/revised laws and regulations affecting the operations of the Group and
                                                     provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To the best knowledge of the Directors, the
                                                     Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and regulations that have
                                                     significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2017.


                                               (iv) Relationship with employees
                                                     People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff
                                                     and giving them training and career development opportunities. It also recognises good
                                                     performance. It provides a variety of activities for staff to help them achieve a balance
                                                     between work and life.

                                                     The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


                                               (v) Relationship with customers
                                                     The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To
                                                     ensure continuous improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks
                                                     customer feedback through focus group discussion, market survey, hotline, Facebook and
                                                     online live chat, etc.

                                                     The Group’s superior service has been widely recognised, as evidenced by the service awards
                                                     received from various reputable organisations during the past years.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               (vi) Relationship with suppliers
                                                     The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The
                                                     Group has stringent anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly
                                                     comply with the policy when dealing with suppliers.




Annual Report 2016/17




24
                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2017 are set out in the consolidated profit
and loss account on page 54.



Dividend
An interim dividend of $0.27 per share (2015/16: $0.27 per share) was paid on 12 April 2017. The
Directors recommended a final dividend of $0.33 per share (2015/16: $0.33 per share), making a
total dividend of $0.60 per share for the full year ended 30 June 2017 (2015/16: $0.60 per share).
The proposed final dividend, if approved at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company, will be payable in cash, with an option for the shareholders of the Company to receive
new fully paid shares of nominal value of $0.10 each in the share capital of the Company in lieu
of cash, or partly in cash and partly in new shares under a scrip dividend scheme.



Five year financial summary
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial
years is shown on page 48.



Distributable reserves
Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2017, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws
and the Bermuda laws, amounted to $2,095,045,000 (30 June 2016: $2,832,074,000).



Donations
During the year, charitable and other donations made by the Group amounted to $31,000
(2015/16: $170,000).



Shares issued in the year
Details of the shares issued in the year ended 30 June 2017 are shown in note 30 to the
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                    25
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Directors
                                               The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

                                               *	Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                            **    Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                   Chairman
                                                                                                         **    Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
                                               *	Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
                                                   Deputy Chairman                                       **    Mr. Yang Xiang-dong

                                               *	Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                **    Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric
                                                   Deputy Chairman
                                                                                                         **    Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine
                                                     Ms. Anna Yip
                                                       Chief Executive Officer                           **    Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny1

                                                     Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick

                                                     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

                                               *     Mr. David Norman Prince

                                               *     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

                                               *     Mr. John Anthony Miller

                                               *     Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred2

                                               *     Non-Executive Director
                                               **    Independent Non-Executive Director

                                               Notes:

                                               1.    Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with
                                                     effect from 1 March 2017.

                                               2.    Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred retired as Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual
                                                     general meeting of the Company held on 1 November 2016.

                                               In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, Mr. Chan




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Kai-lung, Patrick, Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Yang Xiang-dong retire
                                               by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting. In accordance with Bye-law No. 83(2), Mr.
                                               Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny also retires at the forthcoming annual general meeting. Other than Mr.
                                               Yang Xiang-dong who will not offer himself for re-election, the remaining retiring Directors, being
                                               eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law
                                               No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws.




26
                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a
service agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within
one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual
confirmation of his or her independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the
Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.



Directors’ emoluments
The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under
the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.
Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the Company are based on terms of the
respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the Directors of the
Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2017 are shown in note 35 to the consolidated
financial statements.



Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
and contracts that are significant in relation to the
Company’s business
Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions,
arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which a
Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



Biographical details of Directors
Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 40 to 47.




                                                                                                              SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                     27
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
                                               As at 30 June 2017, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
                                               Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”))
                                               which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”)
                                               pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which
                                               they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in
                                               the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were
                                               required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
                                               “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and
                                               the HKSE, were as follows:


                                               1.    Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                           Number of shares held
                                                                                    Personal                                 Number of
                                                                                    interests                                underlying
                                                                                     (held as                               shares held
                                                                                   beneficial        Other                 under equity                % of shares
                                                     Name of Director                 owner)      interests          Total derivatives         Total      in issue


                                                     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              —      4,833,7491    4,833,749             —     4,833,749          0.44

                                                     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen             413,554            —          413,554           —      413,554           0.04

                                                     Anna Yip                             —             —               —     3,000,0002   3,000,000          0.27

                                                     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                —         11,0003         11,000           —       11,000           0.00

                                                     Notes:

                                                     1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by
                                                            virtue of him being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                     2.     These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the
                                                            time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of
                                                            these share options are shown in the section entitled “Share option schemes”.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     3.     These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.




Annual Report 2016/17




28
                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2.	
   Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
   (a)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)

                                       Number of shares held
                                Personal                                   Number of
                                interests                                  underlying
                                 (held as                                 shares held
                               beneficial         Other                  under equity                    % of shares
         Name of Director         owner)       interests           Total derivatives             Total      in issue


         Kwok Ping-luen,
           Raymond               188,743    514,093,1861   514,281,929              —     514,281,929         17.76

         Chau Kam-kun,
           Stephen                 1,000              —           1,000              —           1,000          0.00

         David Norman Prince       2,000              —           2,000              —           2,000          0.00

         Siu Hon-wah, Thomas          —           7,0002         7,000              —           7,000          0.00

         John Anthony Miller          —               —              —          48,0003       48,000           0.00
                                                                              (personal
                                                                            interests in
                                                                                  share
                                                                               options)

         Li Ka-cheung, Eric           —           4,0284         4,028              —           4,028          0.00

         Notes:

         1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue
                of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the
                SFO.

         2.     These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.




                                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                              29
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                            3.     These underlying shares of SHKP represented the share options (being regarded for the time
                                                                   being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SHKP under its share
                                                                   option scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                               Cancelled/
                                                                                                                                     Outstanding      Granted     Exercised        Lapsed   Outstanding
                                                                                                         Exercise                       at 1 July   during the   during the    during the    at 30 June
                                                                   Name of Director      Date of grant      price   Exercise period*        2016          year         year          year          2017
                                                                                                                $

                                                                   John Anthony Miller    11 July 2014    106.80    11 July 2015 to        48,000           —            —             —         48,000
                                                                                                                      10 July 2019


                                                                   *         The share options of SHKP can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first
                                                                             anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second
                                                                             anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
                                                                             anniversary of the date of grant.

                                                            4.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.


                                                     (b)    SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)

                                                                                                     Number of shares held
                                                                                           Personal                                               Number of
                                                                                           interests                                              underlying
                                                                                            (held as                                             shares held
                                                                                          beneficial              Other                         under equity                            % of shares
                                                            Name of Director                 owner)            interests                  Total derivatives                    Total       in issue


                                                            Kwok Ping-luen,
                                                              Raymond                                —       3,485,0001               3,485,000                  —      3,485,000                 0.15

                                                            Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                      —                  —                    —       4,000,0002         4,000,000                 0.17

                                                            Chau Kam-kun,
                                                              Stephen                          50,000                   —               50,000                   —            50,000              0.00

                                                            Notes:

                                                            1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                   by virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part
                                                                   XV of the SFO.




Annual Report 2016/17




30
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




           2.      These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the
                   time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its
                   share option scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                                                                                Cancelled/
                                                                                     Outstanding      Granted      Exercised        Lapsed   Outstanding
                                                         Exercise                       at 1 July   during the    during the    during the    at 30 June
                   Name of Director      Date of grant      price   Exercise period*        2016          year          year          year          2017
                                                                $

                   Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016       2.45    8 March 2017 to    4,000,000            —             —             —      4,000,000
                                                                      7 March 2021


                   *         The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the
                             first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second
                             anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
                             anniversary of the date of grant.


     (c)   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
           associated corporations:

                                                                                       Attributable
                                                               Attributable            % of shares                    Actual             Actual %
                                                                    holding                 in issue                 Holding           interests in
           Name of                                                 through                 through                  through                 issued
           associated corporation                              corporation             corporation               corporation                shares


           Splendid Kai Limited                                           2,500                       25                1,5001                      15

           Hung Carom Company Limited                                          25                     25                       151                  15

           Tinyau Company Limited                                                1                    50                        11                  50

           Open Step Limited                                                     8                    80                        41                  40

           Note:

           1.      Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him
                   being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                           SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2017, none of the Directors or chief executive of the
Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
would have to be notified to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV
of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the




                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2016/17
Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company
and the HKSE pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                                                                  31
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Share option schemes
                                               The Company operates two share option schemes, which are:

                                               (1)   share option scheme adopted and become effective on 15 November 2002 and terminated on
                                                     8 December 2011 (the “Old Scheme”); and

                                               (2)   share option scheme adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on 8 December 2011
                                                     (the “New Scheme”).

                                               Pursuant to the Old Scheme and the New Scheme (collectively the “Schemes”), the Company
                                               granted/may grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to
                                               subscribe for the shares of the Company. No further options can be granted under the Old
                                               Scheme upon its termination. However, for the outstanding options granted and yet to be
                                               exercised under the Old Scheme, the existing rights of the grantees are not affected.


                                               1.    Principal terms of the Schemes
                                                     A summary of the principal terms of the Schemes is set out below pursuant to the
                                                     requirements as contained in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules:

                                                     (a)    Purpose

                                                            The purpose of the Schemes is to reward participants who have made a valuable
                                                            contribution to the growth of the Group and to enable the Group to recruit and/or to
                                                            retain employees who are regarded as valuable to the Group or are expected to be
                                                            able to contribute to the business development of the Group.

                                                     (b)    Participants

                                                            Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of the
                                                            subsidiaries, including any director of the Company or any of the subsidiaries who has
                                                            made valuable contribution to the growth of the Group based on his work experience,
                                                            industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other relevant factors, will
                                                            be eligible to participate in the Schemes at the invitation of the Directors.

                                                     (c)    Maximum number of shares available for issue

                                                            The Company can issue options so that the total number of shares that may be issued




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                            upon exercise of all options to be granted under all the share option schemes of the
                                                            Company does not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue on the respective
                                                            date of adoption of each of the Schemes. In respect of the New Scheme, the Company
                                                            may renew this limit at any time, subject to shareholders’ approval and the issue of a
                                                            circular and in accordance with the Listing Rules provided that the number of shares to
                                                            be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                            under all the share option schemes of the Company does not exceed 30% of the
                                                            shares in issue from time to time. At 29 August 2017, the number of shares available
                                                            for issue in respect thereof is 102,761,185 shares which represents approximately
                                                            9.30% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                            Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share of the Company.




32
                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




(d)   Maximum entitlement of each participant

      The maximum entitlement for any participant is that the total number of shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of options granted and to be granted in any 12-month
      period up to the date of the latest grant does not exceed 1% of the relevant class of
      shares in issue.

(e)   Time of exercise of option

      The exercise period of any option granted under the Schemes shall be determined by
      the Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the
      relevant option.

      The Schemes do not specify any minimum holding period before the option can be
      exercised but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum holding period
      when the options are granted.

(f)   Payment on acceptance of option

      Acceptance of offer to grant an option shall be sent in writing together with a
      remittance in favour of the Company of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant
      and must be received by the secretary of the Company within 28 days from the date
      of the making of such offer.

(g)   Basis of determining the exercise price

      The price per share payable upon the exercise of any option will be determined by the
      Directors upon the grant of such option. It will be at least the higher of (i) the average
      closing price of a share as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the HKSE for
      the 5 business days immediately preceding the day of offer of such option; (ii) the
      closing price of a share as stated in the HKSE’s daily quotations sheet on the day of
      offer of such option, which must be a business day; and (iii) the nominal value of a
      share.

(h)   Remaining life

      The New Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing
      from the adoption of the New Scheme on 2 November 2011.




                                                                                                         SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                33
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2.    Movements of share options
                                                     Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Schemes during
                                                     the year ended 30 June 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                   Cancelled/
                                                                                                                         Outstanding      Granted      Exercised       Lapsed        Outstanding
                                                                                        Exercise                            at 1 July   during the    during the   during the         at 30 June
                                                     Grantee            Date of grant      price   Exercise period1             2016          year          year         year               2017
                                                                                               $


                                                     Share options
                                                        granted under
                                                        the Old Scheme
                                                     Employees under   30 November        13.02    30 November 2012 to       277,500            —             —       (277,500)               —
                                                        continuous       2011                        29 November 2016
                                                        contracts

                                                     Share options
                                                         granted under
                                                         the New Scheme
                                                     Director
                                                     Anna Yip           25 July 2016      14.28    25 July 2017 to               N/A    3,000,0002            —                —       3,000,000
                                                                                                     24 July 2021

                                                     Employees under    30 December       13.52    30 December 2012 to        75,000            —             —           (75,000)            —
                                                        continuous        2011                       29 December 2016
                                                        contracts


                                                     Notes:

                                                     1.        The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                               date of grant, up to two-thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant,
                                                               and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.

                                                     2.        The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the options
                                                               were granted was $13.82 per share.


                                                     As at 29 August 2017, options to subscribe for a total of 3,000,000 shares were still
                                                     outstanding under the Schemes which represents approximately 0.27% of the issued shares
                                                     of the Company.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the
                                                     Company to other participants pursuant to the Schemes. Save as disclosed above, no other
                                                     share options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the year.

                                                     Valuation of share options granted during the year




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     On 25 July 2016, the Company granted share options to a director of the Company under
                                                     the New Scheme to subscribe for up to a total of 3,000,000 shares in the capital of the
                                                     Company. The value of these share options, as calculated by using the Binominal option
                                                     pricing model, was $7,544,000.




34
                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




        The Binominal model is one of the generally accepted methodologies to calculate the value
        of an option. The significant inputs into the model were:

        Annual risk-free interest rate                                                                   0.72%1
        Expected option life                                                                             5 years2
        Volatility                                                                                      38.04%3
        Dividend yield                                                                                     4.5%4
        Exercise price                                                                                    $14.28
        Share price at date of grant                                                                      $14.28

        Notes:

        1.    This represents the rate of safety investment, which is based on the market yield rates of Hong
              Kong government bond (maturing 6 December 2021) as of the valuation date.

        2.    This represents the life of the options as measured from the date of grant.

        3.    This represents the average standard deviation of historical share price movement of the Company
              in the relevant periods matching expected life of the share options.

        4.    This represents the dividend yield determined by reference to the forecast 2016 dividend yield of
              the Company as extracted from Bloomberg.


        The value of the share options is subject to a number of assumptions and with regard to the
        limitation of model. Therefore, the value may be subjective and would change should any of
        the assumptions change.



Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 30 June 2017, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief
executive of the Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the
SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                          Total number            % of shares
Name                                                                          of shares              in issue




                                                                                                                     SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                    754,620,424                68.24%

Note:

1.      TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2016/17
        subsidiary of TFS) held 40,415,517 shares and 714,204,907 shares in the Company respectively. For the
        purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was deemed to be interested in 714,204,907 shares in the Company
        held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed interests in an aggregate of 754,620,424
        shares in the Company.

        In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn
        is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were
        also deemed to be interested in the above-mentioned 754,620,424 shares in the Company.




                                                                                                                            35
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2017, the Company had not been notified by any persons
                                               (other than Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in
                                               the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
                                               under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the
                                               register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.



                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” and “Share
                                               option schemes” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive of the
                                               Company (including their spouse and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had
                                               been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for shares (or warrants or debentures, if
                                               applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated corporations
                                               required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.
                                               622); and (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its
                                               other associated corporations a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief
                                               executive of the Company (including their spouse and children under 18 years of age) to hold any
                                               interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or debentures of, the Company or
                                               its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.



                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the
                                               business of the Group.



                                               Permitted indemnity provision
                                               The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be
                                               entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and
                                               against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the
                                               duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to the extent permitted by the laws.

                                               The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance
                                               throughout the year, which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be
                                               brought against its Directors and officers.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Sufficiency of public float
                                               Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of
                                               its Directors, it is confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the
                                               market at the date of this report.




Annual Report 2016/17




36
                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Company repurchased 8,192,000 shares of the Company
on the HKSE. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2017. Details of the
repurchases were as follows:


                             Number of
                                 shares              Price per share                        Aggregate
Month of repurchase         repurchased             Highest               Lowest            price paid
                                                          $                    $                     $


August 2016                    1,394,000              12.88                  12.20           17,426,000
September 2016                   491,000              12.68                  12.58            6,209,000
December 2016                  1,506,500              10.36                  10.22           15,507,000
March 2017                     1,769,500              10.08                  10.00           17,749,000
April 2017                     3,031,000              10.20                  10.08           30,824,000


                               8,192,000                                                     87,715,000


The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s net
asset value per share and/or the earnings per share. Save as disclosed above, at no time during the
year ended 30 June 2017 was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.



Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no
restriction against such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to
offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.



Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option schemes as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that
would or might result in the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into
an agreement that would or might result in the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the
Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part
of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                    37
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases and revenues attributable to major suppliers and
                                               customers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                          54%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                    63%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s largest customer                           29%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s five largest customers                     33%

                                               None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the
                                               knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had
                                               an interest in the major suppliers or customers noted above.



                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.    Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial
                                                     statements also constituted connected transactions. The following transactions between
                                                     certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) and the Group have been entered
                                                     into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if necessary, had been made
                                                     by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                     (a)    Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of
                                                            the Company, have leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and
                                                            warehouses and have granted licences to the Group for the installation of base
                                                            stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them. For the
                                                            year ended 30 June 2017, rental and licence fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                            associated companies of SHKP totalled $127,529,000.

                                                     (b)    Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides
                                                            general insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2017, insurance
                                                            premiums paid and payable were $4,398,000.

                                                     The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s
                                                     Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that
                                                     these transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
                                                     Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the agreement governing
                                                     them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                     Company as a whole.



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
                                                     transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
                                                     “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
                                                     and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                                                     Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its
                                                     findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the
                                                     Group under this section in accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy
                                                     of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to HKSE.




38
                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2.   At 30 June 2017, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which
     is a subsidiary of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund
     which primarily invests in technology related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the
disclosure requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.



Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being
eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the
Company, a resolution for their re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

On behalf of the Board
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 August 2017




                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                    39
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Directors

                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond                     Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 64) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed
                                               Director of the Company in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from
                                               Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an
                                               Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong and
                                               an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He
                                               is also a director of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company
                                               Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within
                                               the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman
                                               and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport
                                               International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong
                                               and a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.



                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui                Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 67) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr.
                                               Cheung is a director of a number of other publicly listed companies, namely being a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. and Tianjin Development
                                               Holdings Limited, and being an independent non-executive director of Agile Property Holdings
                                               Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a non-executive director of Hung Kai Finance Company, Limited and Sun Hung Kai
                                               Properties Insurance Limited, both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai
                                               Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong, co-deputy chairman of
                                               Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and court member of The Open University of Hong
                                               Kong, and Honorary Council Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. Mr. Cheung
                                               was a non-executive director of SRE Group Limited, an independent non-executive director of Hop




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Hing Group Holdings Limited (resigned on August 2017), the deputy chairman of The Open
                                               University of Hong Kong, a member of the Appeal Board established under the Accreditation of
                                               Academic and Vocational Qualifications Ordinance, a member of the Board of Review (Inland
                                               Revenue Ordinance), the deputy chairman of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a
                                               director of Po Leung Kuk and the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of the
                                               Law Society of Hong Kong. Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013. Mr.



Annual Report 2016/17
                                               Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from The Open
                                               University of Hong Kong in 2016. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of Commerce degree in
                                               accountancy from the University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of CPA Australia.
                                               Mr. Cheung has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the
                                               law firm Woo, Kwan, Lee & Lo. He was admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an
                                               advocate and solicitor in Singapore.




40
                                                     DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 49) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung
obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral
degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a
Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–
1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996–1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-
property related portfolio investments. He is also a vice chairman and non-executive director of
SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited
and Roadshow Holdings Limited. He is also a director of certain SHKP subsidiaries.

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company,
in 1997. During his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and
also served institutions in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the
infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from
2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong
Chinese to become a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the
Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of
Commerce. He is the President of the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an
Honorary Treasurer of the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a council member of The
Hong Kong Management Association. Mr. Fung is a council member of Sir Edward Youde
Memorial Fund and a member of the Board of the Asian Youth Orchestra. He is also a member of
the Advisory Committee on Gifted Education of Education Bureau, The Government of Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.



Anna YIP         Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip (aged 47) was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company in June 2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong
Kong and both MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.



                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the
overall performance of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip
was the Managing Director for Corporate Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas
Bank in Singapore. Previously, she was a Partner with McKinsey & Company in Greater China




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
where she led the Asia Payments practice and co-led the Asia Financial Institutional Group. Ms. Yip
has rich experience in leading organisations to build a strong service culture and drive superior
customer engagement across multiple channels.




                                                                                                             41
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE


                                               Ms. Yip is a Council member of The Open University of Hong Kong, and the chairperson and a
                                               member of its Audit Committee and Tender Board Committee respectively. She has also been
                                               appointed as a member of the Joint Committee on Student Finance.

                                               Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.



                                               CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick                  Executive Director
                                               Mr. Patrick Chan (aged 57) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October
                                               1996 and became Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer
                                               responsible for the formulation and execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk
                                               management and corporate development. He is also responsible for investor relations, legal and
                                               regulatory affairs and procurement.

                                               Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance
                                               at leading international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December
                                               1994 to May 1996, he was seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as
                                               a full-time member.

                                               Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen                     Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 56) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He
                                               has been with the Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was
                                               made Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s
                                               information and communications technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led
                                               the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of
                                               business operations and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the
                                               Company’s high performance network, which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data
                                               experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced service platform which enables its many
                                               proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value to customers. Mr.
                                               Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               member of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer of
                                               the Institute of Electrical Engineers, UK. He is also on the Advisory Committee on Electronic
                                               Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and the Innovation and Technology Support
                                               Programme (“ITSP”) Assessment Panel (Information and Technology Subgroup) under the
                                               Innovation and Technology Fund.




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




42
                                                      DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE                    Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince (aged 66) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has
over 20 years’ experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is
a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute
of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He has been appointed as a non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd. with effect from 29 October 2016. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and
a consultant of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and chair of the audit committee of Adecco SA
which is the global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to
this, spent some 12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland
China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive
officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went
on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to join Cable and
Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management
roles for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries
within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.



SIU Hon-wah, Thomas                   Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 64) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu is
managing director of Wilson Group which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in
Hong Kong. Wilson Group is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. Prior
to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more than 25 years experience in telecommunications and IT
sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information
Systems. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.



John Anthony MILLER                   Non-Executive Director


                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Mr. John Anthony Miller (aged 67), SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in
November 2010. Mr. Miller is a non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited.

Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd, Transport
International Holdings Limited (retired on 18 May 2017) and The Kowloon Motor Bus Company
(1933) Limited (retired on 18 May 2017). He was also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17
Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited until mid-2016.




                                                                                                              43
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE


                                               Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong
                                               Kong Special Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key
                                               positions held over a career spanning 35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent
                                               Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–2004), Director of Housing and Chief
                                               Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade (1993–1996), Director
                                               of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991) and
                                               Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard
                                               University and a BA degree from London University.



                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li (aged 64), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising),
                                               FCA, FCPA (Aust.), FCIS, was appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the
                                               senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified Public Accountants and an independent non-
                                               executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings Limited,
                                               Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited, China Resources Beer (Holdings)
                                               Company Limited and Roadshow Holdings Limited.

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 12th National Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He was previously a convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel, a
                                               member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee,
                                               president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, an advisor to the Ministry of
                                               Finance on international accounting standards and a member of the Commission on Strategic
                                               Development.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the
                                               Company.



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 68) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is
                                               chairman of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of the BOCHK Charitable
                                               Foundation. He has been an independent non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings)
                                               Limited (since March 2013) and Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (since June 2013).

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th and 12th National People’s Congress, P.R.C. He
                                               is also a director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (from April 2014).




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




44
                                                    DIRECTORS PROFILE


Mr. Ng was vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent
non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until May 2017), general manager of the
Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and
executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong
from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission
and the trustee of Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the
Corporate Contribution Programme Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong
Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a
member of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board
of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of
management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia
Star by the HKSAR government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
Audit Committee of the Company.



YANG Xiang-dong                Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Yang Xiang-dong (aged 52) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2003.

Mr. Yang is Managing Director and Chairman of Carlyle Asia, leading all corporate private equity
investments in Asia (ex-Japan). He joined The Carlyle Group in 2001 as Co-Head of the Asia
buyout advisory team. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Yang spent nine years at Goldman Sachs, where
he was a Managing Director and Co-Head of Private Equity Investment Asia ex-Japan.

Mr. Yang received his B.A. in economics from Harvard University and M.B.A. from Harvard
Business School.



GAN Fock-kin, Eric              Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan (aged 54) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is
founder and president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which
is now a subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. Following the merger of eAccess and Willcom Inc. in June
2014, Mr. Gan was appointed representative director, president and chief executive officer of the
combined entity — Ymobile Corporation. Mr. Gan is also an executive vice president of Softbank



                                                                                                    SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Mobile Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director
for Goldman Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in
Japan/Asia, including the listing of SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT
equity tranches and many other telecom related IPO and advisory projects.



                                                                                                    Annual Report 2016/17
Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr.
Gan now lives in Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of
the Company.




                                                                                                           45
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mrs. Christine Ip (aged 53) was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip
                                               joined United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for
                                               developing the Bank’s Greater China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong
                                               Kong since 2012 and CEO Greater China with effect from 1 July 2016.

                                               Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and
                                               Corporate Banking, and she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has
                                               held a range of senior management positions in product and sales management, customer
                                               segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United States, Canada, Singapore
                                               and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                                               Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International
                                               Retail Banker” in 2008.

                                               Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree
                                               from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The
                                               Institute of Bankers.



                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny,                    Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 43) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. Mr. Lam is
                                               currently Group President of Noah Holdings Limited (“Noah”), a company listed on the New York
                                               Stock Exchange. It provides comprehensive financial services such as wealth management, overseas
                                               asset allocation, high-end insurance and high-end education for enterprises and high networth
                                               customers. Mr. Lam oversees all of Noah’s management and operations and is responsible for
                                               driving all key strategic initiatives in both China and overseas.

                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a Global Partner at McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”) based in Hong
                                               Kong, a co-Leader of its Asia Financial Institution Practice, and Head of Asia Wealth and Asset
                                               Management Practice. For 16 years, he has led transformational programs for leading financial
                                               institutions across Asia.

                                               Mr. Lam has strong expertise in bringing innovations to enhancing customer service. He also has
                                               rich knowledge of “fintech” developments in Asia.

                                               Before McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and
                                               Hong Kong, counseling multinational corporations in various M&A transactions and NYSE/Nasdaq



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               public offerings.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of
                                               Canada (under the Asia Pacific Foundation).




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude
                                               with a BS in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a
                                               Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin Franklin Scholar.




46
                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE


Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not
held any directorships in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last
three years; (2) do not hold any other positions in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any
other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the
Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Executive Directors) and
there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the
Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority
granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on
prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to
a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility
and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based
on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director of the Company is
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws
of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board
under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated
1 May 2002 under which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect
from 15 May 2002 with no fixed term of service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by
the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to
discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr.
Chan’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled
to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for
companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a
subsidiary of the Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology
Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with
reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of
which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau has no fixed term of service with
the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the Company
is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws
of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the
Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2017 are
disclosed in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2017 are disclosed in “Directors’




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
and chief executive’s interests” section of the Report of the Directors on pages 28 to 31 of this Annual
Report.



Senior Management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                             47
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




                                                                                                  2017          2016      2015      2014      2013

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                           8,715       18,356     18,659    13,244    12,067

                                               Profit attributable to equity holders of
                                                  the Company                                       672           797      935       537       843

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                        0.62          0.75      0.89      0.52      0.81

                                               Dividends
                                                  Total dividends                                   659           644       634       323       685
                                                  Total per share for the year ($)                 0.60          0.60      0.60      0.31      0.66


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                       9,776       10,403     10,814     9,792     9,628
                                               Current liabilities                               (2,185)      (2,863)    (3,292)   (2,949)   (2,696)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities              7,591         7,540     7,522     6,843     6,932
                                               Non-current liabilities                           (2,956)       (3,176)   (3,614)   (3,593)   (3,884)
                                               Non-controlling interests                            (41)          (47)      (57)      (57)      (62)


                                               Net assets                                         4,594        4,317      3,851     3,193     2,986


                                               Share capital                                        111          108        106       105       104
                                               Reserves                                           4,483        4,209      3,745     3,088     2,882


                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders
                                                  of the Company                                  4,594        4,317      3,851     3,193     2,986




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




48
                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements (“Consolidated Financial Statements”) of SmarTone
Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out
on pages 54 to 118, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2017;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which include a summary of significant
     accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2017, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code.

                                                                                                             49
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance
                                               in our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were
                                               addressed in the context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in
                                               forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

                                               •    Revenue recognition

                                               •    Capitalisation of assets and useful lives

                                                                                                   How our audit addressed
                                               Key Audit Matter                                    the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                 Our procedures in relation to revenue
                                                                                                   recognition included:
                                               Refer to Accounting Policies notes 3(v) to the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements                   •     Testing the relevant IT control
                                                                                                         environment in which the billing, rating
                                               The accuracy of revenue amounts recorded in               and other support systems reside;
                                               the Consolidated Financial Statements is an
                                               inherent risk in the telecom industry.              •     Testing the key controls over calculation
                                               Significant effort was spent auditing the                 and allocation of revenue to appropriate
                                               revenue recognised because systems are                    periods and the separable elements of
                                               complex, involving frequent changes in tariff             multiple-element contracts;
                                               structures as well as processing a high volume
                                               of transactions from a combination of               •     Testing, on a sample basis, the accuracy
                                               different hardware or services sold, some of              of sales transactions and the allocation
                                               which are multiple-element contracts requiring            of revenue in multiple-element contracts
                                               higher levels of management judgements and                to the underlying invoices, respective
                                               estimates on the allocation of revenue.                   customer contracts and cash receipts;
                                                                                                         and

                                                                                                   •     Testing, on a sample basis, of
                                                                                                         non-systematic adjustments which are
                                                                                                         outside the IT system billing process.
                                                                                                         These included revenue deferrals and the




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         write-back to the income statement of
                                                                                                         credits applied to customer accounts.




Annual Report 2016/17




50
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)
                                                       How our audit addressed
Key Audit Matter                                       the Key Audit Matter

Capitalisation of assets and useful lives              We evaluated the design and tested the key
                                                       controls in respect of the capitalisation of
Refer to Accounting Policies note 3(g) and             fixed assets. We tested, on a sample basis,
note 4(a) Critical Accounting Estimates and            the nature of costs incurred for network
Judgements to the Consolidated Financial               under construction and network and testing
Statements                                             equipment to the underlying supporting
                                                       invoices and assessed whether these
There are a number of areas where                      expenditure met the capitalisation criteria.
management judgement impacts the carrying
value of fixed assets, and their respective            We also tested on a sample basis, the timing
depreciation profiles.                                 of transfer of network under construction to
                                                       network and testing equipment during the
These include:                                         year, to the engineering status reports and
                                                       supporting documents.
•     the decision to capitalise or expense
      costs;                                           We tested the key controls over the annual
                                                       review of asset lives. We assessed the asset
•     the timeliness of the transfer from assets       lives by considering our knowledge of the
      in the course of construction; and               business, the practice as well as technology
                                                       development in the telecom industry.
•     th e a n n u a l a s s e t l i fe r ev i ew by
      management to assess the
      appropriateness of their estimated
      economic useful lives.


Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the Consolidated
Financial Statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.




                                                                                                              51
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial
                                               Statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and
                                               the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
                                               as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of Consolidated Financial
                                               Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                               In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
                                               Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
                                               concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
                                               liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                               The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial
                                               Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
                                               issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
                                               in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other purpose.
                                               We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
                                               this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                                               Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
                                               aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
                                               on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
                                               professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements,
                                                    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
                                                    risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                                                    opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
                                                    for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                                    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
                                                    an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                                    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




52
                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
     events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
     going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
     attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial
     Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
     based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial
     Statements, including the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements
     represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
     or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial
     Statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
     audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period
and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse Ming



                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
Yee.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 29 August 2017




                                                                                                               53
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                        2017               2016
                                                                                                  Note                  $000               $000

                                               Service revenue                                                     5,160,306          5,470,880
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                         3,555,106         12,884,731


                                               Revenues                                             6              8,715,412         18,355,611
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                           (3,503,986)       (12,794,787)
                                               Staff costs                                          7               (732,747)          (721,616)
                                               Other operating expenses                                           (2,182,417)        (2,178,680)
                                               Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal     10             (1,367,617)        (1,556,150)


                                               Operating profit                                                      928,645          1,104,378
                                               Finance income                                       8                 51,774             60,253
                                               Finance costs                                        9               (137,220)          (202,239)


                                               Profit before income tax                            10                843,199            962,392
                                               Income tax expense                                  11               (177,431)          (174,982)


                                               Profit after income tax                                               665,768            787,410


                                               Attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                         672,102            797,150
                                               Non-controlling interests                                              (6,334)            (9,740)


                                                                                                                     665,768            787,410


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to
                                                  the equity holders of the Company during
                                                  the year (expressed in cents per share)          15
                                                  Basic                                                                  61.7              74.9
                                                  Diluted                                                                61.7              74.8




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




                                               The notes on pages 62 to 118 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


54
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

Profit for the year                                                   665,768               787,410


Other comprehensive loss
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   profit and loss:
   Fair value (loss)/gain on financial investments, net of tax          (2,965)                1,067
   Currency translation differences                                     (2,631)               (4,867)


Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                       (5,596)               (3,800)


Total comprehensive income for the year                               660,172               783,610


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                         666,506               793,350
Non-controlling interests                                              (6,334)               (9,740)


                                                                      660,172               783,610




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




The notes on pages 62 to 118 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                               55
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2017
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                               2017        2016
                                                                                    Note       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Leasehold land and land use rights   17        11,383      12,264
                                               Fixed assets                         18     3,071,725   3,235,992
                                               Interest in an associate             20             3           3
                                               Financial investments                21       672,528     747,924
                                               Intangible assets                    22     3,631,399   1,757,113
                                               Deposits and prepayments             23        91,076     117,296
                                               Deferred income tax assets           24         6,130       6,497


                                                                                           7,484,244   5,877,089


                                               Current assets
                                               Inventories                          25       181,703     340,770
                                               Financial investments                21        47,568     133,180
                                               Trade receivables                    23       321,450     274,456
                                               Deposits and prepayments             23       167,188     192,387
                                               Other receivables                    23        47,002      90,809
                                               Tax reserve certificate                       252,362     252,362
                                               Pledged bank deposits                26         2,385       2,385
                                               Short-term bank deposits             26       124,893     341,053
                                               Cash and cash equivalents            26     1,146,795   2,898,512


                                                                                           2,291,346   4,525,914


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                       27      357,393     577,913
                                               Other payables and accruals          27      804,562     853,473
                                               Current income tax liabilities               399,342     545,292
                                               Bank borrowings                      28      133,636     126,228
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits            224,202     325,633
                                               Deferred income                              206,023     228,047
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities       29       60,040     206,325


                                                                                           2,185,198   2,862,911




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits              47,044      73,871
                                               Asset retirement obligations                   47,378      47,839
                                               Bank and other borrowings            28     2,557,049   2,724,195
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities       29       167,886     203,506




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities      24       136,738     126,846


                                                                                           2,956,095   3,176,257


                                               Net assets                                  4,634,297   4,363,835




56
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                     At 30 June 2017
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                   Note                   $000                 $000

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                       30                110,581              108,118
Reserves                                                            4,482,982            4,208,649


Total equity attributable to equity holders
  of the Company                                                    4,593,563            4,316,767
Non-controlling interests                                              40,734               47,068


Total equity                                                        4,634,297            4,363,835


The financial statements on pages 54 to 118 were approved by the Board of Directors on
29 August 2017 and were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                         Anna Yip
Director                                        Director




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




The notes on pages 62 to 118 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                               57
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                          2017         2016
                                                                                              Note        $000         $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                843,199      962,392
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                  Depreciation of fixed assets                18       669,931      679,890
                                                  Amortisation of leasehold land and
                                                      land use rights                         17           638          670
                                                  Amortisation of intangible assets           22       692,713      865,877
                                                  Loss on disposal of fixed assets            10         4,335        9,713
                                                  Finance income                               8       (51,774)     (60,253)
                                                  Finance costs                                9       137,220      202,239
                                                  Share-based payments                         7         4,291           —


                                                                                                     2,300,553     2,660,528
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Decrease/(increase) in inventories                    159,067      (258,518)
                                                 Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables,
                                                    deposits, prepayments and other
                                                    receivables                                         46,733       (68,427)
                                                 Decrease in trade and other payables,
                                                   accruals and deferred income                       (230,744)     (184,948)
                                                 Decrease in customer prepayments and
                                                   deposits                                           (125,712)     (369,203)


                                               Cash generated from operations                        2,149,897     1,779,432
                                                 Interest paid                                         (87,088)      (86,445)
                                                 Income tax paid                                      (313,117)     (180,056)


                                               Net cash generated from operating activities          1,749,692     1,512,931


                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                 (575,358)     (606,014)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                  3,400         8,776
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity
                                                    debt securities                                     152,190           —
                                                 Payment of mobile licence fees                      (2,500,793)    (203,470)



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                 Additions of handset subsidies               22       (282,345)    (308,953)
                                                 Decrease in short-term bank deposits                   216,857    1,484,663
                                                 Payment for purchase of held-to-maturity
                                                    debt securities                                         —       (860,001)
                                                 Interest received                                      61,184        64,328




Annual Report 2016/17
                                               Net cash used in investing activities                 (2,924,865)    (420,671)




58
          CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                     For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                   Note                   $000                 $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Proceeds from shares issued under share
     option scheme                                 30(a)                   —                136,152
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                    (87,715)                   —
  Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                        —                    194
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                       450,000                    —
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                       (632,863)             (132,731)
  Payment of transaction costs of bank
     borrowings                                                         (2,400)                   —
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity
     holders                                                         (306,286)             (463,880)


Net cash used in financing activities                                (579,264)             (460,265)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash
   equivalents                                                     (1,754,437)             631,995
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                 2,898,512            2,303,783
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                2,720              (37,266)


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                26              1,146,795            2,898,512


                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

In the consolidated cash flow statement,
   proceeds from disposal of fixed assets
   comprise:
Net book amount of disposed fixed assets
   (note 18)                                                             7,735               18,489
Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                        (4,335)              (9,713)


Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                   3,400                8,776




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




The notes on pages 62 to 118 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                               59
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                       Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                           Employee
                                                                                                                           Capital                       share-based                                                Non-
                                                                                     Share       Share   Revaluation   redemption     Contributed      compensation     Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                                                    capital   premium        reserve       reserve        surplus             reserve     reserve      profits       Total      interests       Total
                                                                                     $000        $000         $000          $000           $000                 $000        $000        $000         $000           $000        $000

                                               At 1 July 2015                      105,668    466,254         8,012        10,949         25,053              53,444       8,826    3,172,939    3,851,145       56,808     3,907,953

                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                      —          —             —             —               —                  —           —      797,150      797,150         (9,740)    787,410
                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                               Fair value gain on financial
                                                    investments, net of tax             —          —          1,067            —               —                  —           —            —         1,067            —         1,067
                                               Currency translation differences         —          —             —             —               —                  —       (4,867)          —        (4,867)           —        (4,867)


                                               Total comprehensive income for
                                                    the year ended 30 June 2016         —          —          1,067            —               —                  —       (4,867)    797,150      793,350         (9,740)    783,610


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Issue of shares (note 30(a))          1,066    159,093            —             —              —              (24,007)         —            —      136,152             —      136,152
                                               Lapse of share option                    —          —             —             —          28,341             (28,341)         —            —           —              —           —
                                               Payment of 2015 final dividend
                                                    (note 30(b))                        59      7,281            —             —               —                  —           —      (350,241)    (342,901)           —      (342,901)
                                               Payment of 2016 interim dividend
                                                    (note 16)                        1,325    164,418            —             —               —                  —           —      (286,722)    (120,979)           —      (120,979)

                                               Total transactions with owners        2,450    330,792            —             —          28,341             (52,348)         —      (636,963)    (327,728)           —      (327,728)


                                               At 30 June 2016                     108,118    797,046         9,079        10,949         53,394               1,096       3,959    3,333,126    4,316,767       47,068     4,363,835




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




60
                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                               CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                                                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                          Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                            Employee
                                                                              Capital                     share-based                                                   Non-
                                     Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption    Contributed     compensation      Exchange      Retained                  controlling
                                    capital    premium         reserve        reserve       surplus           reserve       reserve       profits        Total      interests       Total
                                      $000         $000           $000           $000          $000              $000          $000         $000         $000           $000        $000

At 1 July 2016                      108,118     797,046          9,079         10,949         53,394            1,096         3,959     3,333,126    4,316,767        47,068    4,363,835


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                      —            —             —              —              —                —             —       672,102      672,102         (6,334)    665,768
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial
     investments, net of tax             —            —         (2,965)            —              —                —             —             —        (2,965)           —        (2,965)
Currency translation differences         —            —             —              —              —                —         (2,631)           —        (2,631)           —        (2,631)


Total comprehensive income for
     the year ended 30 June 2017         —            —         (2,965)            —              —                —         (2,631)     672,102      666,506         (6,334)    660,172


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 7)            —            —             —              —              —             4,291            —             —         4,291            —         4,291
Lapse of share option                    —            —             —              —           1,096           (1,096)           —             —            —             —            —
Repurchase of shares (note 30(c))      (820)          —             —             820        (51,983)              —             —        (35,732)     (87,715)           —       (87,715)
Payment of 2016 final dividend
    (note 30(b))                      1,159     127,212             —              —              —                —             —       (356,167)   (227,796)            —     (227,796)
Payment of 2017 interim dividend
    (note 16)                         2,124     213,516             —              —              —                —             —       (294,130)     (78,490)           —       (78,490)


Total transactions with owners        2,463     340,728             —             820        (50,887)           3,195            —       (686,029)   (389,710)            —     (389,710)


At 30 June 2017                     110,581    1,137,774         6,114         11,769          2,507            4,291         1,328     3,319,199    4,593,563        40,734    4,634,297




                                                                                                                                                                                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2016/17




The notes on pages 62 to 118 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                                                    61
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1     General information
                                                     SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
                                                     (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications
                                                     services and the sale of handsets and accessories in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                     The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head
                                                     office and principal place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun
                                                     Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                     The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                                                     These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise
                                                     stated. These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of
                                                     Directors on 29 August 2017.



                                               2     Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial
                                                     statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years
                                                     presented, unless otherwise stated.



                                               3     Basis of preparation
                                                     The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance
                                                     with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure
                                                     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial
                                                     statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by
                                                     revaluation of certain available-for-sale financial assets, which are carried at fair value.

                                                     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain
                                                     critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
                                                     process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
                                                     judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
                                                     consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in note 4.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




62
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (a) Changes in accounting policy and disclosures
		      (i)   Amended standards relevant to and adopted by the Group

              The following amendments to standards are relevant to and have been adopted
              by the Group for the financial year beginning on 1 July 2016.

              Annual Improvements Project        Annual Improvements 2012–2014 Cycle
              HKAS 1 (Amendments)                Disclosure Initiative
              HKAS 16 and HKAS 38                Clarification of Acceptable Methods of
                (Amendments)                        Depreciation and Amortisation
              HKAS 27 (Amendments)               Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements

              The adoption of these amendments did not have any impact on the current
              period or any prior period and is not likely to affect future periods.

        (ii)	New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
              not yet adopted

              The following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to
              existing standards have been published and are mandatory for the Group’s
              accounting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2017 or later periods but which
              the Group has not early adopted.

              Annual Improvements Project        Annual Improvements 2014–2016 Cycle2
              HKAS 7 (Amendments)                Statement of Cash Flows1
              HKAS 12 (Amendments)               Income Taxes1
              HKAS 28 (Amendment)                Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures2
              HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                First Time Adoption of HKFRS2
              HKFRS 2 (Amendments)               Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                     Payment Transactions2
              HKFRS 4 (Amendments)               Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with
                                                     HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts2
              HKFRS 9                            Financial Instruments2
              HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                (Amendments)                         Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture3
              HKFRS 12 (Amendments)              Disclosure of Interest in Other Entities1




                                                                                                          SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
              HKFRS 15                           Revenue from Contracts with Customers2
              HKFRS 16                           Leases3
              HK (IFRIC) 22                      Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                     Consideration2
              HK (IFRIC) 23                      Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments3




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2016/17
              1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017.
              2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
              3
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.


              The adoption of HKFRS 15 and HKFRS 16 will likely have a significant impact. The
              Group is in the process of assessing the impact. For other new standards,
              amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards, the Group is
              assessing the impact and is not yet in a position to state whether they would
              have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operation and financial
              position.
                                                                                                                 63
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (b) Consolidation
                                               		Subsidiaries

                                                           A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has
                                                           control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to,
                                                           variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                                                           returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date
                                                           on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                                                           that control ceases.

                                                           Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                                                           companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                           provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts
                                                           reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s accounting
                                                           policies.

                                               		          (i)     Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                                                                   Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are
                                                                   accounted for as equity transactions, that is, as transactions with the owners of
                                                                   the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of
                                                                   any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying amount of
                                                                   net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to
                                                                   non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

                                               		          (ii)    Disposal of subsidiaries

                                                                   When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-
                                                                   measured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in
                                                                   carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying
                                                                   amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as
                                                                   an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                                                                   recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                                                                   for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. It
                                                                   means the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                                                                   reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                   specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.

                                               		          (iii)   Separate financial statements

                                                                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost
                                                                   includes directly attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                   accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                                                                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a
                                                                   dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive
                                                                   income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying
                                                                   amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the
                                                                   carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net
                                                                   assets including goodwill.


64
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (c) An associate
        An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not
        control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the
        voting rights. Investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method of
        accounting. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recognised at cost, and
        the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investor’s share of the
        profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. Upon the acquisition of the
        ownership interest in an associate, any difference between the cost of the associate
        and the Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and
        liabilities is accounted for as goodwill.

        If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained,
        only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
        comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

        The Group’s share of its associate’s post-acquisition profit or loss is recognised in the
        consolidated profit and loss account, and its share of post-acquisition movements in
        other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income with a
        corresponding adjustment to the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s
        share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including
        any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it
        has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
        associate.

        The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence
        that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates
        the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the
        associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
        profit/(loss) of an associate” in the consolidated profit and loss account.

        Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the
        Group and its associate are recognised in the Group’s financial statements only to the
        extent of unrelated investor’s interests in the associate. Unrealised losses are eliminated
        unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred.
        Accounting policies of associates have been changed where necessary to ensure
        consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
    (d) Segment reporting
        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
        provided to the chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is
        responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17
        segments, has been identified as the Group’s senior executive management that makes
        strategic decisions.




                                                                                                               65
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (e) Foreign currency translation
                                               		          (i)    Functional and presentation currency

                                                                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are
                                                                  measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
                                                                  entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements
                                                                  are presented in Hong Kong dollars (HK$), which is the Company’s functional and
                                                                  the Group’s presentation currency.

                                               		          (ii)   Transactions and balances

                                                                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the
                                                                  exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where
                                                                  items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
                                                                  settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
                                                                  rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
                                                                  recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.

                                                                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings,
                                                                  held-to-maturity debt securities, pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits
                                                                  and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                                  account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are
                                                                  presented in the consolidated profit and loss account within “other operating
                                                                  expenses”.

                                                                  Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities
                                                                  classified as available-for-sale, are included in other comprehensive income.

                                               		(iii)            Group companies

                                                                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the
                                                                  currency of a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency
                                                                  different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation
                                                                  currency as follows:

                                                                  a.    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                        closing rate at the date of that balance sheet;

                                                                  b.    income and expenses for each profit and loss account are translated at
                                                                        average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                                                                        approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                                                                        transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                        rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                                                                  c.    all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other
                                                                        comprehensive income.




66
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (e) Foreign currency translation (continued)
		(iii)          Group companies (continued)

                 On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire
                 interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a
                 subsidiary that includes a foreign operation), all of the currency translation
                 differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the
                 equity holders of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

                 In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control
                 over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of
                 accumulated currency translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling
                 interests and not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that
                 is, reductions in the Group’s ownership interest in associates that do not result in
                 the Group losing significant influence), the proportionate share of the
                 accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to profit or loss.


    (f)   Intangible assets
          Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated
          amortisation (where the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment
          losses as described in note 3(j).

		        (i)    Mobile licence fees

                 Spectrum utilisation fees represent the payments for using the assigned spectrum
                 to provide telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period.
                 The upfront payments and the present value of the annual fixed fees payable
                 over the period are recorded as intangible assets, together with the related
                 obligations. Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over the remaining
                 assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

                 The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum
                 annual fee payments represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly,
                 for the period prior to the asset being ready for its intended use, is capitalised as
                 part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for borrowing costs as set




                                                                                                           SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                 out in note 3(q). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
                 use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss
                 account in the year in which they are incurred.

                 Variable annual payments are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                 account as incurred.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2016/17
          (ii)   Handset subsidies

                 Handset subsidies provided to customers are deferred and amortised on a
                 straight-line basis over the minimum enforceable contractual periods. In the event
                 that a customer terminates the contract prior to the end of the minimum
                 enforceable contractual period, the unamortised handset subsidies will be written
                 off.


                                                                                                                  67
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (g) Fixed assets
                                                           Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                                                           impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the
                                                           acquisition of the items.

                                                           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
                                                           separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
                                                           associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
                                                           measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other
                                                           repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated profit and loss account during
                                                           the financial period in which they are incurred.

                                                           Depreciation of fixed assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their
                                                           costs to their residual values over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates
                                                           are as follows:

                                                           Leasehold improvements                                                 Over the lease term
                                                           Buildings                                                              Over the lease term
                                                           Network and testing equipment                                                   10%–50%
                                                           Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                              20%–331/3%
                                                           Other fixed assets                                                            20%–331/3%

                                                           The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications
                                                           network purchased at cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from
                                                           the date of launch of the relevant services.

                                                           No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including
                                                           the equipment therein.

                                                           Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.

                                                           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
                                                           the end of each reporting period.

                                                           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if
                                                           the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           3(j)).

                                                           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the
                                                           carrying amounts and are recognised within “depreciation, amortisation and loss on
                                                           disposal” in the consolidated profit and loss account.




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     (h) Leasehold land and land use rights
                                                           Leasehold land and land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
                                                           and impairment losses. Cost represents upfront prepayments made for the rights to use
                                                           the land on which various plants and buildings are situated for periods varying from 10
                                                           to 50 years. Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights is expensed in the
                                                           consolidated profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease
                                                           or when there is impairment, the impairment is expensed in the consolidated profit and
                                                           loss account.
68
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (i)   Leased assets
          Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are
          retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Payments made under
          operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to the
          consolidated profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the
          lease.


    (j)   Impairment of non-financial assets
          Assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
          indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
          recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
          recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
          costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
          grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows
          (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
          impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.


    (k) Financial assets
		Classification

          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: loans and
          receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities and available-for-sale financial assets. The
          classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired.
          Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.

		        (i)    Loans and receivables

                 Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or
                 determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. They are
                 included in current assets, except for the amounts that are settled or expected to
                 be settled more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. These are classified
                 as non-current assets. The Group’s loans and receivables comprise “trade and
                 other receivables”, “deposits”, “bank deposits” and “cash and cash equivalents”
                 in the consolidated balance sheet (note 3(m) and note 3(n) respectively).




                                                                                                          SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                 Impairment testing of trade receivables is described in note 3(m).

		        (ii)   Held-to-maturity debt securities

                 Held-to-maturity debt securities are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or
                 determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Group’s management has




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2016/17
                 the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. If the Group were to sell or
                 reclassify other than an insignificant amount of held-to-maturity debt securities,
                 the whole category would be tainted and reclassified as available-for-sale financial
                 assets. Held-to-maturity debt securities are included in non-current assets, except
                 for those with maturities less than 12 months from the balance sheet date, which
                 are classified as current assets.




                                                                                                                 69
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (k) Financial assets (continued)
                                               		Classification (continued)

                                               		          (iii)   Available-for-sale financial assets

                                                                   Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in
                                                                   this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in
                                                                   non-current assets unless the investment matures or management intends to
                                                                   dispose of the investment within 12 months from the balance sheet date.

                                               		          Recognition and measurement

                                                           Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date —
                                                           the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Investments are
                                                           initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs for all financial assets not carried
                                                           at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                                                           receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the
                                                           Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Available-for-sale
                                                           financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
                                                           available-for-sale financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive income. Loans
                                                           and receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities are subsequently carried at
                                                           amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                                                           When financial assets classified as available-for-sale are sold or impaired, the
                                                           accumulated fair value adjustments recognised in equity are included in the
                                                           consolidated profit and loss account as “other operating expenses”.

                                                           Dividends on available-for-sale equity instruments are recognised in the consolidated
                                                           profit and loss account when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                                               		          Offsetting financial instruments

                                                           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance
                                                           sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and
                                                           there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
                                                           simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default,
                                                           insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

                                               		          Impairment of financial assets

                                                           The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is objective evidence that




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                           a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group
                                                           of financial assets is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is
                                                           objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more results that occurred after
                                                           the initial recognition of the asset (a “loss event”) and that loss event (or events) has
                                                           an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of
                                                           financial assets that can be reliably estimated.




70
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (k) Financial assets (continued)
		        Impairment of financial assets (continued)

          In the case of held-to-maturity debt securities, a significant or prolonged deterioration
          of credit rating is considered as an indicator that the held-to-maturity debt securities
          are impaired. If any such evidence exists for held-to-maturity debt securities, the loss
          (measured as the difference between the amortised cost and the current fair value) is
          recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.

          In the case of equity investments classified as available-for-sale, a significant or
          prolonged decline in the fair value of the investment below its cost is considered as an
          evidence that the assets are impaired. If any such evidence exists, the cumulative loss
          (measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value,
          less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in the
          consolidated profit and loss account) is removed from equity and recognised in the
          consolidated profit and loss account. Impairment losses recognised in the consolidated
          profit and loss account on equity instruments are not reversed through the
          consolidated profit and loss account.


    (l)   Inventories
          Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, are stated at the lower of cost and
          net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realisable
          value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable
          variable selling expenses.


    (m) Trade and other receivables
          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services
          performed in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other
          receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
          business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as
          non-current assets.

          Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair values and subsequently
          measured at amortised costs using the effective interest method, less provision for




                                                                                                           SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
          impairment. A provision for impairment of trade and other receivables is established
          when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts
          due according to the original terms of receivables. Significant financial difficulties of the
          debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation,
          and default or delinquency in payments are considered as indicators that the trade
          receivable is impaired. The amount of the provision is the difference between the




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2016/17
          asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding
          future credit losses that have not been incurred), discounted at the financial asset’s
          original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the
          amount of the provision is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account
          within “other operating expenses”.




                                                                                                                  71
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (m) Trade and other receivables (continued)
                                                           If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the
                                                           decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was
                                                           recognised (such as an improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the
                                                           previously recognised impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                           account.


                                                     (n) Cash and cash equivalents
                                                           In the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at
                                                           bank and in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other financial institutions, and
                                                           other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or
                                                           less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to
                                                           insignificant risk of changes in value.


                                                     (o) Share capital
                                                           Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                                                           Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown
                                                           in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                                                           Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury
                                                           shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net
                                                           of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders
                                                           until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
                                                           reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
                                                           transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to
                                                           the Company’s equity holders.


                                                     (p) Trade payables
                                                           Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in
                                                           the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current
                                                           liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of
                                                           the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
                                                           amortised cost using the effective interest method.


                                                     (q) Borrowings and borrowing costs



Annual Report 2016/17
                                                           Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred.
                                                           Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the
                                                           proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the
                                                           consolidated profit and loss account over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                           effective interest method.




72
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (q) Borrowings and borrowing costs (continued)
          Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of
          the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn
          down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there
          is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down,
          the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the
          period of the facility to which it relates.

          Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the
          contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying
          amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished and the consideration paid,
          including any non-cash assets transferred or liability assumed, is recognised in the
          consolidated profit or loss account as finance costs.

          Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional
          right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet
          date.

          General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,
          construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a
          substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use, are added to the cost of
          those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use.
          Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
          their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for
          capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in
          which they are incurred.


    (r)   Current and deferred income tax
          The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in
          the consolidated profit and loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items
          recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case the tax is
          also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

		        (i)   Current income tax




                                                                                                          SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted
                or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the
                Company’s subsidiaries and the associate operate and generate taxable income.
                Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to
                situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. The
                current tax liability includes liability for uncertain tax position measured using the




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2016/17
                single best estimate of the most likely outcome of the amounts to be paid to the
                tax authorities.




                                                                                                                 73
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (r)   Current and deferred income tax (continued)
                                               		          (ii)   Deferred income tax

                                               			Inside basis differences

                                                                  Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary
                                                                  differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
                                                                  carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred
                                                                  income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                                                                  liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the
                                                                  transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income
                                                                  tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                                                                  substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when
                                                                  the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
                                                                  liability is settled.

                                                                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable
                                                                  that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
                                                                  differences can be utilised.

                                               			Outside basis differences

                                                                  Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences
                                                                  arising from investments in subsidiaries and an associate, except for deferred
                                                                  income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference
                                                                  is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will
                                                                  not reverse in the foreseeable future. Generally the Group is unable to control
                                                                  the reversal of the temporary difference for associates except where there is an
                                                                  agreement in place that gives the Group the ability to control the reversal of the
                                                                  temporary difference in the foreseeable future.

                                                                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences
                                                                  arising from investments in subsidiaries and an associate only to the extent that it
                                                                  is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is
                                                                  sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be
                                                                  utilised.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               		(iii)            Offsetting

                                                                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
                                                                  enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and
                                                                  when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                  by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
                                                                  taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.




74
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (s)   Provisions
          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
          as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
          to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Restructuring
          provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are not recognised for
          future operating losses.

          Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be
          required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole.
          A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one
          item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

          Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be
          required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
          assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The
          increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


    (t)   Employee benefits
		        (i)   Employee leave entitlements

                Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to
                employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising
                from services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

                Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage
                leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

		(ii)          Bonus plans

                The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula
                that takes into consideration the profit attributable to the equity holders of the
                Company after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where
                contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                constructive obligation.




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
		(iii)         Retirement benefits

                The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including
                Mandatory Provident Funds) for its employees, the assets of which are generally
                held in separate trustee-administered funds. The schemes are generally funded by
                payments from the relevant group companies.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17
                Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory
                Provident Funds as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund
                Schemes Ordinance, are recognised as an expense in the consolidated profit and
                loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset
                to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                available.



                                                                                                               75
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (t)   Employee benefits (continued)
                                               		(iii)            Retirement benefits (continued)

                                                                  The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to
                                                                  pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all
                                                                  employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
                                                                  periods.

                                               		(iv)             Share-based payments

                                                                  The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan under
                                                                  which the Group receives services from employees as consideration for equity
                                                                  instruments of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in
                                                                  exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total
                                                                  amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the
                                                                  options granted, including any market performance conditions (for example, an
                                                                  entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding
                                                                  the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for
                                                                  example, profitability and sales growth targets). At the end of each reporting
                                                                  period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
                                                                  expected to vest based on the non-market performance and service conditions. It
                                                                  recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the
                                                                  consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                                                                  When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds
                                                                  received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share
                                                                  capital (nominal value) and share premium.

                                                                  The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the
                                                                  employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is treated as capital
                                                                  contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference
                                                                  to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase
                                                                  to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent
                                                                  entity financial statements.


                                                     (u) Contingent assets and liabilities


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence
                                                           will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain
                                                           events not wholly within the control of the Group.

                                                           Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the financial




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                           statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually
                                                           certain, an asset is recognised.

                                                           A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose
                                                           existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
                                                           uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a
                                                           present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not
                                                           probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of
                                                           obligation cannot be measured reliably.
76
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Basis of preparation (continued)
    (u) Contingent assets and liabilities (continued)
        A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the financial
        statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is
        probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.


    (v) Revenue recognition
        Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale
        of goods and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is
        shown net of returns, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the
        Group.

        The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured,
        when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the entity and when
        specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s activities as described below.
        The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into consideration
        the type of customers, the type of transactions and the specifics of each arrangement.

        Revenue is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:

		      (i)    Sales of goods

               Revenue from the sales of goods is recognised on the transfer of risks and
               rewards of ownership, which generally coincides with the time when the goods
               are delivered to customers and title has passed and collectability of the related
               receivables is reasonably assured.

		      (ii)   Provision of services

               Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s
               telecommunications network and facilities and is recognised when the services are
               rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard service plans billed in advance is
               deferred and included under deferred income.

		(iii)        Multiple-element arrangements




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
               For bundled transactions involving provision of mobile telecommunication services
               and sale of devices, the Group has adopted a residual value method by first
               determining the fair value of the service component and the remaining
               consideration would be allocated to the remaining components delivered to the
               customers (i.e. devices).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17
		(iv)         Interest income

               Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective
               interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying
               amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash flows
               discounted at the original effective interest rate of the instrument, and
               continuously unwind the discount as interest income.



                                                                                                              77
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3     Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                     (v) Revenue recognition (continued)
                                               		(v)              Dividend income

                                                                  Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.


                                                     (w) Dividend distribution
                                                           Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the
                                                           Group’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
                                                           Company’s shareholders.


                                                     (x) Financial guarantee
                                                           A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to
                                                           reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make
                                                           payments when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The Group
                                                           recognises financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and performs a liability
                                                           adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the
                                                           financial guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee
                                                           would result in a present legal or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its
                                                           present legal or constructive obligation amount, the entire difference is recognised in
                                                           the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.


                                                     (y) Related parties
                                                           For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to
                                                           the Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or
                                                           exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions,
                                                           or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to common control or
                                                           common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals including key
                                                           management or other entities.



                                               4     Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience
                                                     and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     under the circumstances.




Annual Report 2016/17




78
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting
    estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and
    assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
    amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.


    (a) Useful lives of fixed assets
         The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical
         obsolescence. The annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic
         useful lives the Group allocates to each type of fixed assets. Management performs
         annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their estimated economic useful lives.
         Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective economic
         utilisation and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated
         at the time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes,
         business developments and the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse
         changes in the circumstances or events, the Group assesses the need to shorten the
         useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these unexpected adverse
         changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
         trends and rapid advancement in technology.


    (b) Asset retirement obligations
         The Group evaluates and recognises, on a regular basis, the fair value of fixed assets
         and obligations which arise from future reinstatement of leased properties upon end of
         lease terms. To establish the fair values of the asset retirement obligations, estimates
         and judgement are applied in determining these future cash flows and the discount
         rate. Management estimates the future cash flows based on certain assumptions, such
         as the types of leased properties, probability of renewal of lease terms and restoration
         costs. The discount rate used is referenced to the Group’s historical weighted average
         cost of capital.


    (c) Impairment of assets
         At each balance sheet date, the Group performs an impairment assessment of fixed
         assets and intangible assets.

         Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
         assessing whether (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the
         carrying value of an asset can be supported by the net present value of future cash
         flows from the assets using estimated cash flow projections; and (3) the cash flow is
         discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by
         management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates
         or the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17
         the Group’s reported financial condition and results of operations.


    (d) Current and deferred income tax
         The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which
         the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these
         matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
         impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which
         such determination is made.

                                                                                                               79
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4     Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
                                                     (d) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
                                                           The Group has exercised its critical judgement in determining the taxability of certain
                                                           income and deductibility of certain payments in assessing the Group’s current and
                                                           deferred taxation, which are revisited from time to time. In prior years, the Group had
                                                           taken the position in the past to treat the one-off upfront payments for spectrum
                                                           utilisation fees as tax-deductible on the same basis as for annual payments.
                                                           Commencing from the year ended 30 June 2014, in light of the uncertainty of the
                                                           outcome of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fee by the Inland Revenue
                                                           Department (‘IRD”), the payment has been treated as non-deductible on cash or
                                                           amortisation basis, and an under-provision for current income tax of approximately
                                                           $250 million and reversal of deferred tax of approximately $228 million was recorded
                                                           for the year ended 30 June 2014. While the Group will vigorously defend its position
                                                           and pursue tax deduction for the one-off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation,
                                                           should the IRD decide to treat the one-off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation
                                                           fees as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis and this view be upheld, the
                                                           Group effective tax rate in subsequent years is also likely to be higher than 16.5%.



                                               5     Financial risk management
                                                     This section presents information about the Group’s management and control of financial
                                                     risks. The major types of financial risks to which the Group was exposed to include market
                                                     risk (including foreign currency risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk),
                                                     credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the
                                                     board of directors, is designed to minimise the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The
                                                     Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
                                                     seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                                                     (a) Financial risks
                                               		(i)              Market risk

                                                                  The Group’s market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and
                                                                  price risk. There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages
                                                                  and measures such risks.

                                               			Foreign currency risk



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                  Foreign currency risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets
                                                                  and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations, primarily with respect to
                                                                  the US dollar, Euro, Macau Pataca and Renminbi. Any change in the exchange
                                                                  rates of these currencies to Hong Kong dollar will impact the Group’s operating
                                                                  results.



Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                  Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in
                                                                  US dollar. Hong Kong dollar is pegged to US dollar, and thus foreign exchange
                                                                  exposure is considered as minimal. The Group currently does not undertake any
                                                                  foreign currency hedging.




80
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5   Financial risk management (continued)
    (a) Financial risks (continued)
		(i)        Market risk (continued)

			          Foreign currency risk (continued)

             The carrying amounts of net financial liabilities of the Group in foreign currencies
             are as follows:

                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                        $000                 $000

             US dollar                                              (649,635)          (1,593,650)
             Renminbi                                                  4,490               13,382
             Others                                                   25,154              (45,977)


             Net financial liabilities                              (619,991)          (1,626,245)


             At 30 June 2017, if Hong Kong dollar had weakened or strengthened by 1%
             against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, the pre-tax profit of
             the Group would decrease or increase by approximately $6,496,000 (2016:
             $15,937,000).

             For the year ended 30 June 2017 and 2016, the Group has no Renminbi
             exposure.

			          Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

             The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from the holding of bank deposits
             and bank and other borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable
             rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk which is partially offset by
             bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings and held-to-
             maturity debt securities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value
             interest rate risk.

             The Group follows a policy which involves close monitoring of interest rate
             movements and entering into new banking facilities when favourable pricing



                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
             opportunities arise.

             At 30 June 2017, if interest rates had increased or decreased by 100 basis points
             and all other variables were held constant, the pre-tax profit of the Group would
             increase or decrease by approximately $7,555,000 (2016: $26,730,000) mainly as




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
             a result of higher or lower net interest income on bank deposits and interest
             expenses on bank borrowings.

             The 100 basis point movement represents management’s assessment of a
             reasonably possible change in interest rate over the period until the next annual
             reporting date.




                                                                                                             81
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5     Financial risk management (continued)
                                                     (a) Financial risks (continued)
                                               		(i)              Market risk (continued)

                                               			Price risk

                                                                  The Group is exposed to price risk through its holding of available-for-sale
                                                                  financial assets. The available-for-sale financial assets are stated at fair values
                                                                  based on the net asset value per unit of the respective funds as determined by
                                                                  the managers of the relevant funds. The Group manages its exposure by closely
                                                                  monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions that may
                                                                  affect the values of these investments.

                                                                  At 30 June 2017, if the fair value of the available-for-sale financial assets had
                                                                  increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the
                                                                  investment revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by
                                                                  approximately $801,000 (2016: $1,098,000).

                                               		(ii)             Credit risk

                                                                  The Group’s holding of cash and bank balances and held-to-maturity debt
                                                                  securities expose the Group to credit risk of the counterparties. The Group
                                                                  manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring
                                                                  their credit ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly
                                                                  reviewed. In accordance with the treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus
                                                                  funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and financial institutions or
                                                                  investing in held-to-maturity debt securities in accordance with the mandates as
                                                                  approved by the Board of Directors.

                                                                  The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit
                                                                  periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to
                                                                  45 days from the date of invoice. The Group does not have a significant
                                                                  exposure to any individual debtor.

                                               		(iii)            Liquidity risk

                                                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                  they fall due, resulting from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and
                                                                  liabilities.

                                                                  The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by
                                                                  forecasting the amount of cash required and monitoring the Group’s working
                                                                  capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known funding requirements could be




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                  met.

                                                                  The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability
                                                                  of sufficient cash to meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the
                                                                  normal course of business.




82
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5   Financial risk management (continued)
    (a) Financial risks (continued)
		(iii)      Liquidity risk (continued)

             The following table analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity
             groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the
             contractual maturity date. The table has been drawn up based on the contractual
             undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
             which the Group can be required to pay.

                                          1 year 1 year to     2 years to      Over
                                          or less  2 years        5 years    5 years         Total
                                            $000      $000           $000       $000         $000

             At 30 June 2017
             Trade payables           357,393            —             —            —      357,393
             Other payables and
               accruals               791,382            —             —            —      791,382
             Bank and other
               borrowings             217,556       215,226     1,018,266 1,697,092 3,148,140
             Mobile licence fee
               liabilities                62,350     62,350      162,980            —      287,680


             Total                  1,428,681       277,576    1,181,246 1,697,092 4,584,595


                                     1 year or     1 year to   2 years to       Over
                                          less       2 years      5 years     5 years         Total
                                         $000          $000         $000        $000          $000

             At 30 June 2016
             Trade payables           577,913            —             —            —      577,913
             Other payables and
               accruals               838,134            —             —            —      838,134
             Bank and other
               borrowings             216,158       716,770      618,886 1,833,340 3,385,154
             Mobile licence fee




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
               liabilities            213,593        62,350      187,050       38,280      501,273


             Total                  1,845,798       779,120      805,936 1,871,620 5,302,474




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                              83
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5     Financial risk management (continued)
                                                     (b) Capital risk management
                                                           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s
                                                           ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and
                                                           benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce
                                                           the cost of capital.

                                                           The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to equity holders of the
                                                           Company, comprising share capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly
                                                           reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal capital and shareholder
                                                           returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the Group and
                                                           capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

                                                           The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as
                                                           net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other
                                                           borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance sheet less cash and cash equivalents,
                                                           short-term bank deposits and short-term pledged bank deposits.

                                                                                                                                2017                 2016
                                                                                                                                $000                 $000

                                                           Total bank and other borrowings (note 28)                       2,690,685            2,850,423
                                                           Less: cash and cash equivalents (note 26)                      (1,146,795)          (2,898,512)
                                                           Less: short-term bank deposits (note 26)                         (124,893)            (341,053)
                                                           Less: short-term pledged bank deposits (note 26)                   (2,385)              (2,385)


                                                           Net debt/(cash)                                                 1,416,612             (391,527)


                                                           Total equity                                                    4,634,297            4,363,835


                                                           Gearing ratio                                                         31%                   N/A


                                                     (c) Fair value estimation
                                                           The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at
                                                           30 June 2017 by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

                                                           (i)     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level
                                                                   1).

                                                           (ii)    Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the



Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                   asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived
                                                                   from prices) (level 2).

                                                           (iii)   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that
                                                                   is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).




84
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5   Financial risk management (continued)
    (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
         The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at
         30 June 2017 and 2016.

                                                      Level 1     Level 2     Level 3         Total
                                                        $000        $000        $000          $000

         Assets
         Available-for-sale financial assets
           (note 21)
         At 30 June 2017                                  —        8,012            —        8,012


         At 30 June 2016                                  —       10,977            —       10,977


         There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation
         techniques during the year.

         The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is
         determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use
         of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity
         specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are
         observable, the instrument is included in level 2.



6   Segment reporting
    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior
    executive management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess
    performance and allocate resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments
    based on these reports.

    The CODM considers the business from a geographic perspective based on the location in
    which the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on
    earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and
    operating profit.




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                              85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               6     Segment reporting (continued)
                                                     An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segment is set out as
                                                     follows:


                                                     (a) Segment results
                                                                                                            For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                                                                               Hong Kong            Macau    Elimination Consolidated
                                                                                                    $000              $000          $000         $000

                                                           Revenues                             8,576,313         399,506      (260,407)    8,715,412


                                                           EBITDA                               2,263,047          33,215            —      2,296,262
                                                           Depreciation, amortisation and
                                                             loss on disposal                   (1,310,142)        (57,493)          18    (1,367,617)


                                                           Operating profit/(loss)                952,905          (24,278)          18       928,645


                                                           Finance income                                                                      51,774
                                                           Finance costs                                                                     (137,220)


                                                           Profit before income tax                                                           843,199


                                                           Other information
                                                           Additions to fixed assets              492,462          21,073            —        513,535
                                                           Additions to intangible assets       2,557,544          12,001            —      2,569,545
                                                           Depreciation                           628,201          41,747           (17)      669,931
                                                           Amortisation of leasehold land
                                                             and land use rights                      638              —             —            638
                                                           Amortisation of intangible assets      679,229          13,484            —        692,713
                                                           Loss on disposal of fixed assets         2,074           2,262            (1)        4,335
                                                           Impairment loss of trade
                                                             receivables                           17,407           1,147            —         18,554
                                                           (Reversal of impairment loss)/
                                                             impairment loss of inventories         (3,642)           366            —         (3,276)




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




86
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




6   Segment reporting (continued)
    (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                           For the year ended 30 June 2016
                                            Hong Kong              Macau      Elimination Consolidated
                                                 $000                $000           $000         $000

        Revenues                            18,165,278           725,222          (534,889)    18,355,611


        EBITDA                               2,635,371            25,157                —        2,660,528
        Depreciation, amortisation and
          loss on disposal                   (1,498,146)         (58,137)              133      (1,556,150)


        Operating profit/(loss)              1,137,225           (32,980)              133       1,104,378


        Finance income                                                                              60,253
        Finance costs                                                                             (202,239)


        Profit before income tax                                                                  962,392


        Other information
        Additions to fixed assets              543,753            51,705                —         595,458
        Additions to intangible assets         294,768            14,185                —         308,953
        Depreciation                           635,737            44,180               (27)       679,890
        Amortisation of leasehold land
          and land use rights                      670                —                 —             670
        Amortisation of intangible assets      852,635            13,242                —         865,877
        Loss on disposal of fixed assets         9,104               715              (106)         9,713
        Impairment loss of trade
          receivables                           13,966                56                —           14,022
        Impairment loss/(reversal of
          impairment loss) of inventories          603              (322)               —              281


        Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by
        the relevant parties.




                                                                                                              SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
    (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                  At 30 June 2017
                                            Hong Kong             Macau Unallocated Consolidated
                                                 $000              $000           $000      $000




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2016/17
        Segment assets                       8,435,773           361,226          978,591        9,775,590


        Segment liabilities                  (4,453,512)        (151,701)         (536,080)     (5,141,293)




                                                                                                                     87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               6     Segment reporting (continued)
                                                     (b) Segment assets/(liabilities) (continued)
                                                                                                                At 30 June 2016
                                                                                            Hong Kong           Macau Unallocated Consolidated
                                                                                                 $000            $000         $000       $000

                                                           Segment assets                     8,898,894        364,143      1,139,966    10,403,003


                                                           Segment liabilities               (5,201,513)      (165,517)      (672,138)    (6,039,168)


                                                           The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial investments
                                                           and deferred income tax assets located in Hong Kong is $6,565,670,000 (2016:
                                                           $4,854,468,000), and the total of these non-current assets located in Macau is
                                                           $239,913,000 (2016: $268,197,000).

                                                           Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificate, interest in an associate, financial
                                                           investments and deferred income tax assets.

                                                           Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax
                                                           liabilities.



                                               7     Staff costs
                                                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                     Wages and salaries                                                   648,445           625,465
                                                     Bonuses                                                               39,154            56,868
                                                     Contributions to defined contribution plans*                          40,857            39,283
                                                     Share-based payments                                                   4,291                —


                                                                                                                          732,747           721,616


                                                     * Net of forfeited contributions of $1,008,000 (2016: $926,000).




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                               8     Finance income
                                                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                                                            $000               $000




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     Interest income from listed debt securities                           40,865             31,179
                                                     Interest income from bank deposits                                    10,275             28,558
                                                     Accretion income                                                         634                516


                                                                                                                           51,774             60,253


                                                     Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated
                                                     by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits
                                                     at the beginning of the year.
88
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9   Finance costs
                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

    Interest expense
      Bank and other borrowings                                         96,008               97,723
    Bank charges for credit card instalment                              2,692                3,804
    Accretion expenses
      Mobile licence fee liabilities (note 29)                          31,688               50,846
      Asset retirement obligations                                       1,413                1,647
    Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 14)                  5,419               48,219


                                                                       137,220              202,239


    Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement
    obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method
    of allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.



10 Profit before income tax
    Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

    Charging:
    Cost of services provided                                          326,691              351,315
    Operating lease rentals for land and buildings,
      transmission sites and leased lines                            1,043,465           1,016,248
    Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 23)                      18,554              14,022
    Impairment loss of inventories (note 25)                                —                  281
    Auditor’s remuneration
      — Audit services                                                   2,527                2,490
      — Non-audit services                                                 986                1,106
    Net exchange loss (note 14)                                          5,449               60,363
    Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                     4,335                9,713
    Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and land




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
      use rights                                                       670,569              680,560
    Amortisation of handset subsidies                                  436,448              676,058
    Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                256,265              189,819

    Crediting:
    Reversal of impairment loss of inventories (note 25)                 3,276                    —



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                               89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               11 Income tax expense
                                                     Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2016: 16.5%) on the
                                                     estimated assessable profit for the year. Income tax on overseas profits has been calculated
                                                     on the estimated assessable profit for the year at the tax rates prevailing in the countries in
                                                     which the Group operates.

                                                     (a)   The amount of income tax expense recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account
                                                           represents:

                                                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                           Current income tax
                                                             Hong Kong profits tax                                      170,674            181,828
                                                             Overseas tax                                                 1,323              1,363
                                                           (Over)/under-provision in prior years
                                                             Hong Kong profits tax                                       (1,638)             (1,361)
                                                             Overseas tax                                                (3,187)                  2


                                                                                                                        167,172            181,832
                                                           Deferred income tax assets (note 24(a))                          367                306
                                                           Deferred income tax liabilities (note 24(b))                   9,892             (7,156)


                                                           Income tax expense                                           177,431            174,982


                                                     (b)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that
                                                           would arise using the applicable tax rate of the home country of the Group as follows:

                                                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                           Profit before income tax                                     843,199            962,392


                                                           Notional tax on profit before income tax,
                                                             calculated at Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5%
                                                             (2016: 16.5%)                                              139,128            158,795
                                                           Effect of different tax rates in other countries               1,466              2,402



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                       1,683                448
                                                           Income not subject to tax                                     (4,672)            (6,617)
                                                           Over-provision in prior years                                 (4,825)            (1,359)
                                                           Tax loss not recognised                                        3,183              5,338
                                                           Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses             (2,220)              (914)
                                                           Temporary differences not recognised                          43,688             16,889



Annual Report 2016/17
                                                           Income tax expense                                           177,431            174,982




90
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




12 Five highest paid individuals
   Of the five highest paid individuals, three (2016: three) are directors whose emoluments are
   disclosed in note 35. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two (2016:
   two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                       2017                 2016
                                                                       $000                 $000

   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                          5,114                5,348
   Bonuses                                                              624                  848
   Retirement scheme contributions                                      266                  386
   Compensation for loss of office
     — contractual payments                                             706                    —
     — other payment                                                  1,412                    —


                                                                      8,122                6,582


   In 2016, in addition to the above emoluments, the two highest paid individuals were
   granted share options under the Company’s share option scheme. The details of these
   benefits in kind are disclosed under the section “Share option schemes” in the Report of the
   Directors and note 31.

   The emoluments of the two (2016: two) highest paid individuals are within the following
   bands:

                                                                       2017                 2016
                                                                Number of             Number of
                                                                Individuals           Individuals

   $2,500,001–$3,000,000                                                  —                    1
   $3,500,001–$4,000,000                                                  1                    1
   $4,000,001–$4,500,000                                                  1                    —


                                                                           2                    2




                                                                                                     SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                            91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               13 Employee retirement benefits
                                                     The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational
                                                     Retirement Scheme (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for
                                                     employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets of the Schemes are held separately from
                                                     those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s management.

                                                     Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as
                                                     specified percentages of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme
                                                     prior to the full vesting of the employer’s contributions, the amount of forfeited
                                                     contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As at 30 June 2017,
                                                     all available forfeited contributions had been utilised by the Group to reduce its contributions
                                                     payable (2016: same).

                                                     The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme
                                                     Ordinance in December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme.
                                                     Both the Group and the employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme
                                                     at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of
                                                     $30,000 (2016: same). Contributions to the scheme vest immediately.



                                               14 Net exchange loss
                                                     The exchange differences charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as
                                                     follows:

                                                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                     Other operating expenses                                                 30             12,144
                                                     Finance costs (note 9)                                                5,419             48,219


                                                                                                                           5,449             60,363




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




92
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




15 Earnings per share
   (a) Basic
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity
       holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

                                                                     2017                 2016

       Profit attributable to equity holders of the
         Company ($000)                                           672,102              797,150


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
        issue                                               1,088,507,398       1,064,519,219


       Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                    61.7                  74.9


   (b) Diluted
       Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of
       ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
       shares. For dilutive share options, the number of shares that would have been issued
       assuming the exercise of the share options less the number of shares that could have
       been issued at fair value (determined as the average market price per share for the
       year) for the same total proceeds is the number of shares issued for no consideration.
       The resulting number of shares issued for no consideration is included in the weighted
       average number of ordinary shares as the denominator for calculating diluted earnings
       per share.

                                                                     2017                 2016

       Profit attributable to equity holders of the
         Company ($000)                                           672,102              797,150


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
         issue                                              1,088,507,398       1,064,519,219
       Adjustment for dilutive share options                           —              597,725




                                                                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
        diluted earnings per share                          1,088,507,398       1,065,116,944


       Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                  61.7                  74.8




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                          93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Dividends
                                                                                                                         2017                2016
                                                                                                                         $000                $000

                                                     Interim dividend, paid, of 27 cents (2016: 27 cents)
                                                       per share                                                      294,130            286,722
                                                     Final dividend, proposed, of 33 cents (2016: 33 cents)
                                                       per share                                                      364,789            356,789

                                                                                                                      658,919            643,511


                                                     For the dividends attributable to the years ended 30 June 2017 and 2016, scrip dividend
                                                     elections were offered to shareholders. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’
                                                     election to receive shares are set out in note 30.

                                                     At a meeting held on 29 August 2017, the directors proposed a final dividend of 33 cents
                                                     per share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial
                                                     statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending
                                                     30 June 2018.

                                                     The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date
                                                     of approval of these financial statements.



                                               17 Leasehold land and land use rights
                                                     The Group’s interests in leasehold land and land use rights represent prepaid operating lease
                                                     payments and their net book values are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                         2017                2016
                                                                                                                         $000                $000

                                                     At 1 July                                                          12,264             14,038
                                                     Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights                   (638)              (670)
                                                     Exchange differences                                                 (243)            (1,104)


                                                     At 30 June                                                         11,383             12,264




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




94
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Fixed assets
                                                                        Computer,
                                                                        billing and
                                                             Network          office
                                  Leasehold               and testing    telephone           Other Network under
                              improvements    Buildings    equipment    equipment      fixed assets  construction        Total
                                      $000        $000          $000           $000           $000          $000         $000

   At 1 July 2015
   Cost                            239,971    157,443      6,649,279       958,917        125,856        454,274     8,585,740
   Accumulated depreciation       (196,493)   (13,642)    (4,133,373)     (817,172)       (84,997)            —     (5,245,677)


   Net book amount                  43,478    143,801      2,515,906      141,745          40,859        454,274    3,340,063


   Year ended 30 June 2016
   Opening net book amount          43,478    143,801      2,515,906      141,745          40,859        454,274    3,340,063
   Exchange differences               (465)      (479)            —           (94)           (112)            —        (1,150)
   Additions                        22,063         —          33,038       60,559           6,332        473,466      595,458
   Reclassifications                    —          —         499,953           —               —        (499,953)          —
   Disposals                          (176)        —         (12,417)      (2,106)           (211)        (3,579)     (18,489)
   Depreciation                    (20,762)    (4,361)      (576,829)     (69,389)         (8,549)            —      (679,890)


   Closing net book amount          44,138    138,961      2,459,651      130,715          38,319        424,208    3,235,992


   At 30 June 2016
   Cost                            246,018    156,794      6,819,167       962,287        126,078        424,208     8,734,552
   Accumulated depreciation       (201,880)   (17,833)    (4,359,516)     (831,572)       (87,759)            —     (5,498,560)


   Net book amount                  44,138    138,961      2,459,651      130,715          38,319        424,208    3,235,992


   Year ended 30 June 2017
   Opening net book amount          44,138    138,961      2,459,651      130,715          38,319        424,208    3,235,992
   Exchange differences                (91)      (106)            —            78             (17)            —          (136)
   Additions                        11,067         —          18,369       65,524           3,532        415,043      513,535
   Reclassifications                    —          —         520,063           —               —        (520,063)          —
   Disposals                            —          —          (5,362)        (306)             (4)        (2,063)      (7,735)
   Depreciation                    (19,115)    (4,343)      (568,256)     (70,290)         (7,927)            —      (669,931)


   Closing net book amount          35,999    134,512      2,424,465      125,721          33,903        317,125    3,071,725


   At 30 June 2017
   Cost                            250,245    156,648      7,264,375    1,025,126         124,884        317,125     9,138,403




                                                                                                                                  SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
   Accumulated depreciation       (214,246)   (22,136)    (4,839,910)    (899,405)        (90,981)            —     (6,066,678)


   Net book amount                  35,999    134,512      2,424,465      125,721          33,903        317,125    3,071,725



   At 30 June 2017, buildings with a carrying amount of $80,059,000 (2016: $82,497,000)
   were pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 28).



                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                                         95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               19 Subsidiaries
                                                     Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                              Place of             Principal activities            Particulars of            equity
                                                     Name                     incorporation        and place of operation          issued share capital    interest

                                                     SmarTone (BVI) Limited * The British Virgin   Investment holding and group    1,000 ordinary shares     100%
                                                                                 Islands (“BVI”)       financing in BVI               of US$1 each
                                                                                                                                   US$1,000

                                                     SmarTone Mobile          Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and 100,000,000 ordinary     100%
                                                        Communications                                 sales of handsets and           shares of $1 each
                                                        Limited                                        accessories in Hong Kong     $100,000,000

                                                     SmarTone                 Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed     2 ordinary shares of      100%
                                                        Communications                                services in Hong Kong           $1 each
                                                        Limited                                                                    $2

                                                     SmarTone Finance         BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in 1 ordinary share of       100%
                                                        Limited                                        Hong Kong                      US$1 each
                                                                                                                                   US$1

                                                     SmarTone-Comunicações Macau                   Provision of mobile services and 100,000 shares of         72%
                                                        Móveis, S.A.                                   sales of handsets and           MOP100 each
                                                                                                       accessories in Macau         MOP10,000,000

                                                     廣州數碼通客戶服務                The People’s         Provision of customer support   Registered capital of     100%
                                                      有限公司                       Republic of          services and telemarketing      $27,400,000
                                                                                 China                services in Mainland China

                                                     *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.


                                                     All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.



                                               20 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                                         2017                2016
                                                                                                                                         $000                $000




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     Share of net assets                                                                     3                   3


                                                     During the year ended 30 June 2017, there is no movement of share of net assets of
                                                     interest in an associate (2016: same).




Annual Report 2016/17




96
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Interest in an associate (continued)
    Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2017 are as follows:

                           Place of           Principal activities        Particulars of             Interest
    Name                   incorporation      and place of operation      issued shares held             held

    New Top Finance        BVI                Investment holding in BVI   375 ordinary shares of      37.5%
       Limited                                                               US$1 each

    The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the
    amounts are immaterial to the Group. The carrying amount approximates its fair value.

    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.



21 Financial investments
                                                                               2017                    2016
                                                                               $000                    $000

    Available-for-sale financial assets (a)                                  8,012                  10,977
    Held-to-maturity debt securities (b)                                   712,084                 870,127


                                                                           720,096                 881,104
    Less: held-to-maturity debt securities maturing after 1
             year included under non-current assets                        (672,528)               (747,924)


    Total current portion of financial investments                           47,568                133,180


    (a) Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                               2017                    2016
                                                                               $000                    $000

           At 1 July                                                         10,977                   9,910
           Fair value (loss)/gain transferred to equity                      (2,965)                  1,067


           At 30 June                                                          8,012                10,977




                                                                                                                SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
           The available-for-sale financial assets are denominated in US dollars, unlisted and
           traded on inactive markets and of private issuers.

           The available-for-sale financial assets are stated at fair value based on the net asset




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2016/17
           value per unit of the respective funds as determined by the managers of the relevant
           funds. The fair values are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (note 5(c)).

           None of these financial assets is impaired.




                                                                                                                       97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               21 Financial investments (continued)
                                                     (b) Held-to-maturity debt securities
                                                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                           At 1 July                                                     870,127                 —
                                                           Additions                                                          —             860,001
                                                           Amortisation                                                  (10,249)             9,257
                                                           Disposal                                                     (152,145)                —
                                                           Exchange differences                                            4,351                869


                                                           At 30 June                                                   712,084             870,127


                                                           An analysis on held-to-maturity debt securities is as follows:

                                                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                           Listed debt securities, outside Hong Kong                    121,966             244,862
                                                           Listed debt securities, Hong Kong                            590,118             625,265


                                                                                                                        712,084             870,127


                                                           Market value of listed debt securities                       715,494             884,364


                                                           The fair value of held-to-maturity debt securities is based on quoted market price.

                                                           The held-to-maturity debt securities are denominated in US dollars.

                                                           During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Group has recognised a gain on disposal of
                                                           held-to-maturity debt securities of $45,000 upon exercise of a call option by an issuer
                                                           (2016: nil). The Group has not reclassified any financial assets measured at amortised
                                                           cost rather than fair value during the year (2016: same).

                                                           None of these financial assets is either past due or impaired. The maximum exposure to




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the held-to-maturity financial
                                                           assets.




Annual Report 2016/17




98
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Intangible assets
                                                          Handset            Mobile
                                                         subsidies      licence fees              Total
                                                            $000               $000               $000

   At 1 July 2015
   Cost                                                 2,265,700         2,492,108          4,757,808
   Accumulated amortisation                            (1,441,768)         (997,326)        (2,439,094)


   Net book amount                                        823,932         1,494,782         2,318,714


   Year ended 30 June 2016
   Opening net book amount                                823,932         1,494,782         2,318,714
   Additions                                              308,953                —            308,953
   Amortisation *                                        (676,058)         (189,819)         (865,877)
   Disposal                                                (4,677)               —             (4,677)


   Closing net book amount                                452,150         1,304,963         1,757,113


   At 30 June 2016
   Cost                                                 1,919,351         2,492,108          4,411,459
   Accumulated amortisation                            (1,467,201)       (1,187,145)        (2,654,346)


   Net book amount                                        452,150         1,304,963         1,757,113


   Year ended 30 June 2017
   Opening net book amount                                452,150         1,304,963         1,757,113
   Additions                                              282,345         2,287,200         2,569,545
   Amortisation *                                        (436,448)         (256,265)         (692,713)
   Disposal                                                (2,546)               —             (2,546)


   Closing net book amount                                295,501         3,335,898         3,631,399


   At 30 June 2017
   Cost                                                 1,101,738         4,103,521          5,205,259




                                                                                                           SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
   Accumulated amortisation                              (806,237)         (767,623)        (1,573,860)


   Net book amount                                        295,501         3,335,898         3,631,399

   *    Included handset subsidies written off of $3,327,000 (2016: $14,877,000).




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                                  99
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               23 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                          2017                2016
                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                     Trade receivables                                                 334,302            286,697
                                                     Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables               (12,852)           (12,241)


                                                     Trade receivables — net                                           321,450            274,456
                                                     Deposits and prepayments                                          258,264            309,683
                                                     Other receivables                                                  47,002             90,809


                                                                                                                       626,716            674,948
                                                     Less: deposits and prepayments included under non-
                                                              current assets                                           (91,076)           (117,296)


                                                     Current assets                                                    535,640            557,652


                                                     The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

                                                     The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of
                                                     deposits, trade and other receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

                                                     The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45
                                                     days from the date of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision,
                                                     based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                          2017                2016
                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                     Current to 30 days                                                275,258            244,690
                                                     31–60 days                                                         26,457             19,385
                                                     61–90 days                                                         12,951              4,362
                                                     Over 90 days                                                        6,784              6,019


                                                                                                                       321,450            274,456




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a
                                                     large number of customers.

                                                     The Group has recognised a loss of $18,554,000 (2016: $14,022,000) for the impairment of
                                                     its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2017. The loss has been included in
                                                     “other operating expenses” in the consolidated profit and loss account. Amounts charged to




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     the allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovering
                                                     additional cash.




100
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




23 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   As at 30 June 2017, trade receivables of $58,698,000 (2016: $41,507,000) were past due but
   not impaired. These relate to a number of independent customers for whom there is no
   recent history of default. An ageing analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                        $000                 $000

   Within 30 days                                                    12,506                11,741
   31–60 days                                                        26,457                19,385
   Over 60 days                                                      19,735                10,381


                                                                     58,698                41,507


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are mainly denominated in
   Hong Kong dollars which accounted for 87% (2016: 71%).

   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                        $000                 $000

   At 1 July                                                         12,241                11,896
   Impairment loss recognised in the consolidated profit
     and loss account (note 10)                                       18,554               14,022
   Amounts written off during the year                               (17,943)             (13,677)


   At 30 June                                                        12,852                12,241


   At 30 June 2017, trade receivables of $12,852,000 (2016: $12,241,000) were impaired and
   fully provided. The individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers
   that were in financial difficulties. The ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                        2017                 2016
                                                                        $000                 $000

   31–60 days                                                           797                 1,087




                                                                                                      SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
   61–90 days                                                         1,628                 1,622
   Over 90 days                                                      10,427                 9,532


                                                                     12,852                12,241




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2016/17
   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




                                                                                                      101
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               24 Deferred income tax
                                                     Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong
                                                     Kong and overseas is calculated at 16.5% (2016: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax
                                                     rates ruling in the relevant countries respectively.

                                                     The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                           2017                2016
                                                                                                                           $000                $000

                                                     Deferred income tax assets
                                                       To be recovered after more than 12 months                          (6,130)            (6,497)
                                                     Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                       To be settled after more than 12 months                          136,738             126,846


                                                     Deferred income tax liabilities, net                               130,608             120,349


                                                     The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into
                                                     consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


                                                     (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                                                                                       Decelerated
                                                                                                                                       depreciation
                                                                                                                                         allowance
                                                                                                                                              $000

                                                           At 1 July 2015                                                                    (6,803)
                                                           Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 11(a))                  306


                                                           At 30 June 2016                                                                   (6,497)


                                                           At 1 July 2016                                                                    (6,497)
                                                           Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 11(a))                  367


                                                           At 30 June 2017                                                                   (6,130)




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




102
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




24 Deferred income tax (continued)
   (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                         Mobile      Accelerated
                                                         licence    depreciation
                                                      fee assets      allowance               Total
                                                            $000           $000               $000

         At 1 July 2015                                  (56,090)       190,092            134,002
         Recognised in the consolidated profit
            and loss account (note 11(a))                11,702         (18,858)             (7,156)


         At 30 June 2016                                 (44,388)       171,234            126,846


         At 1 July 2016                                  (44,388)       171,234            126,846
         Recognised in the consolidated profit
            and loss account (note 11(a))                23,020         (13,128)             9,892


         At 30 June 2017                                 (21,368)       158,106            136,738


   Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the
   realisation of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group
   has not recognised deferred income tax assets of $10,917,000 (2016: $10,469,000) in respect
   of tax losses of $83,405,000 (2016: $77,952,000). Under the current tax legislation,
   unrecognised tax losses of $63,222,000 (2016: $53,178,000) related to a subsidiary operating
   in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss
   arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.



25 Inventories
                                                                         2017                 2016
                                                                         $000                 $000

   Handsets and accessories, at cost                                 196,456               358,799
   Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories         (14,753)              (18,029)




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                     181,703               340,770


   The Group recognised a reversal of impairment provision of $3,276,000 (2016: impairment
   provision of $281,000) for slow-moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended
   30 June 2017. The amount has been included in “cost of inventories sold” in the




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17
   consolidated profit and loss account.




                                                                                                       103
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               26	Pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash
                                                   and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                      2017              2016
                                                                                                                      $000              $000

                                                     Cash at bank and in hand                                      237,950         1,450,435
                                                     Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of
                                                       3 months or less                                            908,845         1,448,077


                                                     Cash and cash equivalents                                   1,146,795         2,898,512
                                                     Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more
                                                       than 3 months                                               124,893           341,053
                                                     Short-term pledged bank deposits                                2,385             2,385


                                                                                                                 1,274,073         3,241,950


                                                     Maximum exposure to credit risk                             1,269,278         3,237,192


                                                     There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has
                                                     placed deposits with a number of banks.

                                                     At 30 June 2017, short-term pledged bank deposits are mainly pledged for the issuance of
                                                     bank guarantees by a bank in favour of the Airport Authority (2016: same).

                                                     Pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are
                                                     denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                      2017              2016
                                                                                                                      $000              $000

                                                     Hong Kong dollars                                             363,248         3,003,303
                                                     US dollars                                                    870,827           209,753
                                                     Renminbi                                                        5,104            13,817
                                                     Others                                                         34,894            15,077


                                                                                                                 1,274,073         3,241,950




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




104
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




27 Trade and other payables
                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

   Trade payables (a)                                                 357,393               577,913
   Other payables and accruals (b)                                    804,562               853,473


                                                                     1,161,955           1,431,386


   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

         Current to 30 days                                           157,533               514,218
         31–60 days                                                    85,232                32,851
         61–90 days                                                    49,759                 7,262
         Over 90 days                                                  64,869                23,582


                                                                      357,393               577,913


         At 30 June 2017, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly
         denominated in HK dollars which accounted for 74%.

         At 30 June 2016, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly
         denominated in US dollars which accounted for 81%.

   (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

         Accrued expenses                                             440,039               409,197
         Payables for fixed assets                                    273,013               376,171
         Receipt in advance                                            91,510                68,105


                                                                      804,562               853,473



                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                        105
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               28 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                     Secured bank borrowings                                             66,000             66,000
                                                     Unsecured bank borrowings                                        1,081,923          1,254,292
                                                     Guaranteed notes (a)                                             1,542,762          1,530,131


                                                                                                                      2,690,685          2,850,423
                                                     Less: bank borrowings included under current liabilities          (133,636)          (126,228)


                                                     Non-current portion                                              2,557,049          2,724,195


                                                     (a)     On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                                             Company, issued US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due 2023, which are listed
                                                             on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and
                                                             unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will rank pari passu with all other
                                                             outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

                                                     The maturity of long-term bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                     Between 1 and 2 years                                              135,115            631,087
                                                     Between 2 and 5 years                                              806,712            407,516
                                                     Over 5 years                                                     1,615,222          1,685,592


                                                                                                                      2,557,049          2,724,195


                                                     The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities
                                                     approximate their fair values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values
                                                     of the bank borrowings included under non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting
                                                     their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at the year end date for
                                                     similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the market
                                                     price are as follows:




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                                                Level 1         Level 2      Level 3          Total
                                                                                                  $000            $000         $000           $000

                                                     At 30 June 2017
                                                     Secured bank borrowings                         —           60,186            —        60,186




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     Unsecured bank borrowings                       —          857,606            —       857,606
                                                     Guaranteed notes                         1,584,921              —             —     1,584,921


                                                     Total                                    1,584,921         917,792            —     2,502,713




106
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




28 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
                                               Level 1            Level 2        Level 3            Total
                                                 $000               $000           $000             $000

   At 30 June 2016
   Secured bank borrowings                         —           66,000                    —       66,000
   Unsecured bank borrowings                       —        1,012,646                    —    1,012,646
   Guaranteed notes                         1,582,470              —                     —    1,582,470


   Total                                    1,582,470       1,078,646                    —    2,661,116


   At 30 June 2017, 81% (2016: 80%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are
   denominated in US dollars and 19% (2016: 20%) are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

   At 30 June 2017, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group
   (note 18) (2016: same).



29 Mobile licence fee liabilities
                                                                                 2017                 2016
                                                                                 $000                 $000

   At 1 July                                                                 409,831               562,455
   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and
     loss account (note 9)                                                    31,688                50,846
   Payment                                                                  (213,593)             (203,470)


   At 30 June                                                                227,926               409,831
   Less: mobile licence fee liabilities included under current
           liabilities                                                        (60,040)            (206,325)


   Non-current portion                                                       167,886               203,506




                                                                                                               SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                               107
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               29 Mobile licence fee liabilities (continued)
                                                     Analysis of the present value of mobile licence fee liabilities:

                                                                                                                             2017      2016
                                                                                                                             $000      $000

                                                     Minimum annual fees payable
                                                      Within 1 year                                                        62,350    213,593
                                                      After 1 year but within 5 years                                     225,330    249,400
                                                      After 5 years                                                            —      38,280


                                                                                                                          287,680    501,273
                                                     Less: future finance charges                                         (59,754)   (91,442)


                                                     Present value of mobile licence fee liabilities                      227,926    409,831


                                                     Comprising:
                                                       Within 1 year                                                       60,040    206,325
                                                       After 1 year but within 5 years                                    167,886    182,364
                                                       After 5 years                                                           —      21,142


                                                                                                                          227,926    409,831



                                               30 Share capital
                                                                                                                         Shares of
                                                                                                                         $0.1 each     $000

                                                     Authorised
                                                     At 30 June 2016 and 30 June 2017                              2,000,000,000     200,000


                                                     Issued and fully paid
                                                     At 1 July 2015                                                1,056,681,910     105,668
                                                     Issue of new shares upon exercise of
                                                        share options (a)                                               10,653,500     1,066




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                     Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends (b)                      13,842,130     1,384


                                                     At 30 June 2016                                               1,081,177,540     108,118
                                                     Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends (b)                    32,826,913       3,283
                                                     Repurchase of shares (c)                                         (8,192,000)       (820)




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                     At 30 June 2017                                               1,105,812,453     110,581




108
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




30 Share capital (continued)
    (a)   During the year ended 30 June 2017, no share options were exercised.

          During the year ended 30 June 2016, share options were exercised to subscribe for
          10,653,500 shares in the Company at a consideration of approximately $136,152,000,
          of which $1,066,000 was credited to share capital and the balance of $135,086,000
          was credited to the share premium account.

          In respect of the share options exercised, an amount of $24,007,000 was reversed from
          the employee share-based compensation reserve and credited to the share premium
          account of the Group.

    (b)   On 26 August 2016, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents (2016:
          33 cents) per share for the year ended 30 June 2016. The shareholders were provided
          with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 16 December
          2016, 11,585,801 (2016: 595,398) shares were issued at $11.08 (2016: $12.328) per
          share in respect of the final dividend.

          On 16 February 2017, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 27 cents
          (2016: 27 cents) per share for the year ended 30 June 2017. The shareholders were
          provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form of scrip dividend. On
          12 April 2017, 21,241,112 (2016: 13,246,732) shares were issued at $10.152 (2016:
          $12.512) per share in respect of the interim dividend.

    (c)   During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Company repurchased and cancelled 8,192,000
          shares on the HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of
          $87,715,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders.

                              Number of shares
                               repurchased and               Price per share            Aggregate
          Month of repurchase         cancelled            Highest       Lowest         price paid
                                                                                              $000

          August 2016                      1,394,000        $12.88           $12.20          17,426
          September 2016                     491,000        $12.68           $12.58           6,209
          December 2016                    1,506,500        $10.36           $10.22          15,507
          March 2017                       1,769,500        $10.08           $10.00          17,749
          April 2017                       3,031,000        $10.20           $10.08          30,824




                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                           8,192,000                                         87,715




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                        109
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               31 Share option scheme
                                                     Pursuant to the terms of the share option schemes adopted by the Company on
                                                     15 November 2002 and 2 November 2011, the Company may grant options to the
                                                     participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the
                                                     Company. The details of the terms of the share option schemes are disclosed under the
                                                     section “Share option schemes” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the
                                                     share options issued.


                                                     (a) Movements in share options
                                                                                                             Average exercise         Number of
                                                                                                              price per share       share options

                                                           At 1 July 2015                                              $12.79         23,168,500
                                                           Exercised                                                   $12.78        (10,653,500)
                                                           Cancelled or lapsed                                         $12.78        (12,162,500)


                                                           At 30 June 2016 and 1 July 2016                             $13.13            352,500
                                                           Granted                                                     $14.28          3,000,000
                                                           Cancelled or lapsed                                         $13.13           (352,500)


                                                           At 30 June 2017                                             $14.28          3,000,000


                                                           At 30 June 2017, no share options were exercisable.

                                                           At 30 June 2016, 352,500 share options were exercisable with average exercise price
                                                           of $13.13 per share.


                                                     (b)	Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet
                                                          date
                                                                                                                             2017           2016
                                                                                                            Exercise     Number          Number
                                                                                                           price per     of share        of share
                                                           Date of grant          Exercise period              share      options         options

                                                           30 November 2011       30 November 2012 to        $13.02             —        277,500




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                                                    29 November 2016
                                                           30 December 2011       30 December 2012 to        $13.52             —         75,000
                                                                                    29 December 2016
                                                           25 July 2016           25 July 2017 to            $14.28     3,000,000             —
                                                                                    24 July 2021




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                                                                                        3,000,000        352,500




110
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




31 Share option scheme (continued)
   (c)   The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using
         the Bi-nominal option pricing model was $2.51 per option (2016: nil). The significant
         inputs into the model were summarised as follows:

         Volatility38.04%
         Exercise price                 $14.28
         Dividend yield                   4.5%
         Expected option life           5 years
         Annual risk-free interest rate 0.72%
         Share price at the grant date  $14.28

         The volatility represented the average standard deviation of historical share price
         movement of the Company in the relevant periods matching expected life of the share
         options. The amount of share-based payments charged to the consolidated profit and
         loss account for the year ended 30 June 2017 was disclosed in note 7.


   (d) Details of share options exercised
         No share options were exercised during the year ended 30 June 2017.

         Share options exercised during the year ended 30 June 2016 resulted in 10,653,500
         shares being issued. The related weighted average share price at the time of exercise
         was $13.48 per share.



32 Commitments and contingent liabilities
   (a) Capital commitments
                                                                          2017                 2016
                                                                          $000                 $000

         Fixed assets
            Contracted for                                              73,987              117,144


   (b) Operating lease commitments



                                                                                                        SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
         The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased
         lines under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms,
         escalation clauses and renewal rights.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                        111
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               32 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
                                                     (b) Operating lease commitments (continued)
                                                           At 30 June 2017, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable
                                                           operating leases are payable as follows:

                                                                                                                       2017               2016
                                                                                                                       $000               $000

                                                           Land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                             No later than 1 year                                   533,831            591,012
                                                             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years            278,427            375,181
                                                             Later than 5 years                                       9,487             18,738


                                                                                                                    821,745            984,931


                                                           Leased lines
                                                             No later than 1 year                                   243,722            234,808
                                                             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years            690,446            719,386
                                                             Later than 5 years                                     309,637            441,241


                                                                                                                  1,243,805          1,395,435


                                                     (c) Performance bonds
                                                                                                                       2017               2016
                                                                                                                       $000               $000

                                                           Hong Kong                                                301,243            301,243
                                                           Macau                                                      3,883              3,883


                                                                                                                    305,126            305,126


                                                           The performance bonds were issued by certain banks in favour of the
                                                           Telecommunications Authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in accordance with various
                                                           telecommunications licences issued by those authorities to the Group. The banks’




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                                                           obligations under the performance bonds are guaranteed by the Company and various
                                                           subsidiaries of the Company.

                                                     (d)   At 30 June 2017, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided corporate
                                                           guarantee for general banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary of
                                                           US$145,495,000 (approximately $1,135,703,000) and $600,000,000, of which




Annual Report 2016/17
                                                           US$83,286,000 (approximately $650,114,000) and $450,000,000 of the banking
                                                           facilities were utilised by the subsidiary.




112
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




33 Related party transactions
   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 64.59% of the
   Company’s shares as at 30 June 2017. The remaining 35.41% of the shares are widely held,
   of which 3.65% is held by another subsidiary of SHKP. The ultimate holding company of the
   Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.

   (a)   During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries
         and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related
         party transactions are carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant
         agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                         2017                 2016
                                                                         $000                 $000

         Operating lease rentals for land and buildings
           and transmission sites (i)                                 127,529              120,330
         Insurance expense (ii)                                         4,398                6,084


		       (i)	Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites

              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to
              the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted
              licences to the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and
              telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

              For the year ended 30 June 2017, rental and licence fees paid and payable to
              subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP totalled $127,529,000 (2016:
              $120,330,000).

		(ii)        Insurance services

              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP,
              provides general insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June
              2017, insurance premiums paid and payable were $4,398,000 (2016: $6,084,000).

   (b)   At 30 June 2017, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of
         which is a subsidiary of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an




                                                                                                       SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
         equity fund which primarily invests in technology related companies in the People’s
         Republic of China.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                       113
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               33 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                     (c) Key management compensation
                                                           Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or
                                                           payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                         2017               2016
                                                                                                                         $000               $000

                                                           Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee
                                                             benefits                                                  31,276             35,974
                                                           Termination benefits                                         2,118                 —
                                                           Share-based payments                                         4,291                 —


                                                                                                                       37,685             35,974


                                                     (d)   The trading balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated
                                                           companies (the “SHKP Group”) (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP
                                                           Group) are included within the relevant balance sheet items:

                                                                                                                         2017               2016
                                                                                                                         $000               $000

                                                           Trade receivables (note 23)                                  1,231              1,772
                                                           Deposits and prepayments (note 23)                          24,029              9,669
                                                           Other receivables (note 23)                                    314                322
                                                           Trade payables (note 27)                                     3,259                193
                                                           Other payables and accruals (note 27)                        3,861             13,920


                                                           The trading balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those
                                                           offered to unrelated parties and arises from the ordinary course of business from
                                                           provision of goods and services.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




114
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                  2017                 2016
                                                                  $000                 $000

   Non-current assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                              6,896,740            6,892,449


   Current assets
   Prepayments                                                    235                   176
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                               44,256                44,256
   Cash and cash equivalents                                      234                 2,000


                                                               44,725                46,432


   Current liabilities
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                              3,593,137            3,200,274
   Other payables and accruals                                  2,614                2,867
   Current income tax liabilities                                  51                  254


                                                            3,595,802            3,203,395


   Net assets                                               3,345,663            3,735,486


   Capital and reserves
   Share capital                                              110,581              108,118
   Reserves (Note (a))                                      3,235,082            3,627,368


   Total equity attributable to equity holders of the
     Company                                                3,345,663            3,735,486


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 29 August
   2017 and was signed on its behalf.




                                                                                                SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
   Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              Anna Yip
   Director                             Director




                                                                                                Annual Report 2016/17




                                                                                                115
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               34	Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                     (continued)
                                                     Note (a) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                             Company
                                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                                         Capital                   share-based
                                                                                             Share   redemption    Contributed   compensation      Retained
                                                                                          premium        reserve       surplus          reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                             $000          $000           $000            $000        $000         $000

                                                     1 July 2015                          452,458        10,949       764,242           53,443     475,757     1,756,849
                                                     Comprehensive income
                                                     Profit for the year                        —            —             —                —     2,200,697    2,200,697
                                                     Transactions with owners
                                                     Lapse of share option                     —             —         28,341          (28,341)          —           —
                                                     Issue of shares (note 30(a))         159,093            —             —           (24,007)          —      135,086
                                                     Payment of 2015 final dividend
                                                          (note 30(b))                      7,281            —             —                —      (350,241)    (342,960)
                                                     Payment of 2016 interim dividend
                                                          (note 30(b))                    164,418            —             —                —      (286,722)    (122,304)


                                                     At 30 June 2016 and 1 July 2016      783,250        10,949       792,583            1,095    2,039,491    3,627,368
                                                     Comprehensive income
                                                     Loss for the year                          —            —             —                —          (113)        (113)
                                                     Transactions with owners
                                                     Share-based payments                       —            —             —             4,291           —         4,291
                                                     Lapse of share option                      —            —          1,096           (1,096)          —            —
                                                     Repurchase of shares (note 30(c))          —           820       (51,983)              —       (35,732)     (86,895)
                                                     Payment of 2016 final dividend
                                                         (note 30(b))                     127,212            —             —                —     (356,167)    (228,955)
                                                     Payment of 2017 interim dividend
                                                         (note 30(b))                     213,516            —             —                —     (294,130)      (80,614)


                                                     At 30 June 2017                     1,123,978       11,769       741,696            4,290    1,353,349    3,235,082




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




116
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




35 Benefits and interests of directors
   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
       Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                         2017                                          2016
                                                                                    Estimated
                                                                       Retirement money value       Share-
                                            Salaries and                   scheme    of other       based
                                       Fees allowances     Bonuses   contributions    benefits   payments     Total    Total
                                       $000         $000      $000            $000       $000        $000     $000     $000

       Executive Directors
       Ms. Anna Yip (1)                 144        6,804        —               256        77        4,291   11,572      286
       Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick       144        5,433     1,342              543        72           —     7,534    7,088
       Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen (2)    144        5,686     2,106              569        91           —     8,596    7,345
       Mr. Douglas Li (3)                —            —         —                —         —            —        —    15,756

       Non-Executive Directors
       Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond      180           —         —                —          —           —      180      180
       Mr. Cheung Wing-yui              162           —         —                —          —           —      162      162
       Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen          162           —         —                —          —           —      162      162
       Mr. David Norman Prince          144           —         —                —          —           —      144      144
       Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas          144           —         —                —          —           —      144      144
       Mr. John Anthony Miller          144           —         —                —          —           —      144      144
       Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred (4)     96           —         —                —          —           —       96      288
       Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP *     288           —         —                —          —           —      288      288
       Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP *          288           —         —                —          —           —      288      288
       Mr. Yang Xiang-dong *            144           —         —                —          —           —      144      144
       Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric *         288           —         —                —          —           —      288      288
       Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming,
            Christine *                 144           —         —                —          —           —      144      144
       Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny* (5)     48           —         —                —          —           —       48       —


                                       2,664      17,923     3,448          1,368         240        4,291   29,934   32,851


       2016                            2,690      13,394    15,336          1,229         202           —


       *       Independent Non-Executive Director

       (1)
               Ms. Anna Yip is appointed as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
               on 16 June 2016




                                                                                                                               SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
       (2)
               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen is appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company
               on 1 September 2015 and cease to act as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of the
               Company with effect from 16 June 2016

       (3)
               Mr. Douglas Li resigned as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
               on 31 August 2015




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2016/17
       (4)
               Retired on 1 November 2016

       (5)
               Appointed on 1 March 2017




                                                                                                                               117
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               35 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                     (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                           During the years ended 30 June 2017 and 2016, no director:

                                                           •      received any emoluments from Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the
                                                                  ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of their services to the
                                                                  Group;

                                                           •      waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                           •      received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for
                                                                  loss of office.

                                                           In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share options under the
                                                           Company’s share option scheme. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed
                                                           under the section “Share option schemes” in the Report of the Directors and note 31.


                                                     (b)	Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                          contracts
                                                           No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s
                                                           business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company
                                                           had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year
                                                           or at any time during the year.



                                               36 Ultimate holding company
                                                     The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2017 to be Sun Hung Kai
                                                     Properties Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main
                                                     board of HKSE.




SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited




Annual Report 2016/17




118
