              中期報告 2016/17                                                     Interim Report 2016/17




股票編號 : 0315                                                Stock Code : 0315




                             INTERIM REPORT 2016/17 中期報告
     CONTENTS


2    Chairman’s Statement

4    Management Discussion and Analysis
8    Directors’ Profile

16   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

17   Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account

18   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income               INTERIM
                                                                            REPORT
19   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                            2016/17
21   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

22   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

24   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements

43   Other Information




                                                                        1
                           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                           I am pleased to report the results of the Group for the six months ended 31 December 2016.



                           Financial Highlights and Review
                           Group service revenue was $2,674 million, a decline of 4% over the same period last year and a slight
                           decline of 1% over the previous half. The decline in service revenue was due to customers continuing
                           to migrate to SIM Only plans, weakness in the prepaid segment and the increasing use of OTT services
                           affecting voice roaming revenues. Net profit was $393 million, down 2% over the previous year and
                           unchanged compared to the previous six months.

                           Customer migration from handset-bundled plans to SIM Only plans had a limited impact on profitability
                           because the decrease in service revenue was largely offset by the reduction in handset subsidy
                           amortisation. Postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation recorded a 2% increase over
                           the same period last year and a 2% growth over the previous half.

                           Handset and accessory sales decreased by 64% year-on-year from $7,451 million to $2,699 million,
                           weighing on total revenue which declined by 47% year-on-year and 34% half-on-half. While revenue has
                           decreased substantially, the impact on profitability was limited as margin improved. Handset EBIT was $44
                           million, up 3% from the previous six-month period.

         SmarTone          Hong Kong customer numbers increased to 2 million and mobile postpaid ARPU was stable at $299.
Telecommunications         Average postpaid churn rate for the period was 1.2%.
    Holdings Limited

                           The Company continued its drive for efficiency, with operating costs increasing by only 1% over the same
                           period last year, despite a substantial increase in customers’ data usage.

                           During the six months, the Company accelerated on strengthening new services and offerings. Early results
                           have been promising as shown in the take up rate of our roaming packages and Family Plans. SmarTone has
                           also seen healthy growth at its Enterprise Solutions business, which offers tailored services to corporations
                           beyond connectivity. Leveraging channels such as online stores, websites and mobile apps, the Company
                           has been using digital platforms to drive sales and strengthen customer engagement.

                           The Company has reinforced its brand proposition, and underpinned it with excellent customer service and
                           technology leadership. It has introduced innovative service ideas such as free Powerbank Rental and the
                           market-first Flexi-switch contract feature, which gives customers greater flexibility to change their plans.
                           These initiatives have been warmly received by customers.

                           In terms of technology, SmarTone is proud to have conducted Hong Kong’s first demonstration of 5G.
                           The Company has also joined forces with Ericsson to create an Innovation Hub that will focus on 5G
                           development, foster cross industry collaboration and application in Internet of Things (IoT) and Cloud.



                           Dividend
                           With a strong operating cash flow and a healthy balance sheet, the Board is pleased to announce an
                           interim dividend of 27 cents per share. It is the Board’s intention, barring unforeseen circumstances,
                           to keep the absolute full-year FY17 dividend per share unchanged from the full-year FY16 dividend.
                           Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend
                           scheme.




                       2
                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Outlook
The macroeconomic environment is increasingly challenging and the mobile industry in Hong Kong
remains intensely competitive. With rising spectrum costs, weaker handset business, and lower roaming
revenue due to ongoing migration to OTT services, the Company expects pressure on profitability in the
second half of FY17.

A lack of clarity about spectrum supply from the Government is causing uncertainty in the industry. As
such, the Company urges the Government to accelerate the supply of more spectrum to the market and
provide a clear spectrum supply roadmap. This is crucial for long-term planning by industry players and in
ensuring Hong Kong does not fall behind other regional telecommunications markets on the path to 5G.

SmarTone will push forward with its focus on its core mobile business. This will mean targeting different
market segments with tailored services and offerings, while actively exploring new income streams.
The Company will continue to invest to strengthen its brand proposition, enhance the overall customer
experience and extend its technology leadership.

The Board is confident that the Company is well placed to face the challenges and seek new opportunities
to serve customers and meet the requirements of shareholders.



Appreciation                                                                                                      INTERIM
                                                                                                                  REPORT
During the period under review, Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred retired by rotation as Non-Executive Director. I        2016/17
would like to thank Mr. Tsim for his valuable contribution at SmarTone over the years. I would like to take
this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing support,
to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their dedication and hard work.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 16 February 2017




                                                                                                              3
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                           Review of financial results
                           During the period under review, service revenue fell by $104 million or 4% to $2,674 million (first half of
                           2015/16: $2,778 million), and 1% from $2,693 million in second half of 2015/16. Local mobile service
                           revenue fell 3% when compared with first half of 2015/16 amidst customer migration from handset-
                           bundled plans to SIM-only plans and a decline in revenue from prepaid products. This was partly offset by
                           a revenue increase from existing customers upgrading to the latest tariffs upon contract expiry.

                           The Group’s postpaid mobile business has been sustained and stable. Although the shift by customers to
                           SIM-only plans has moderately impacted local service revenue, there was a corresponding reduction in
                           handset subsidy amortisation. As a result, Group service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation only
                           fell by 1% when compared with the same period last year. Postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy
                           amortisation rose 2% when compared with the same period last year. When compared to the second half
                           of 2015/16, Group service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation and postpaid service revenue net
                           of handset subsidy amortisation both rose by 2%.

                           During the period under review, Group revenue decreased 47% to $5,372 million (first half of 2015/16:
                           $10,228 million), comprising a 4% decrease in service revenue, and 64% decline in handset and accessory
                           sales mainly due to changes in market conditions. Group EBITDA fell 9% to $1,249 million (first half of
                           2015/16: $1,377 million). Group profit attributable to equity holders of the Company dropped by 2% to
                           $393 million (first half of 2015/16: $403 million).
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited       Compared with the second half of 2015/16, Group revenue fell 34% (second half of 2015/16: $8,127
                           million), with the change comprising a 50% decrease in handset and accessory sales and a 1% decrease in
                           service revenue. Group EBITDA dropped 3% (second half of 2015/16: $1,283 million), while Group profit
                           attributable to equity holders of the Company remained stable at $393 million (second half of 2015/16:
                           $394 million).

                           Roaming revenue, which made up of 14% of Group’s service revenue (first half of 2015/16: 15%),
                           decreased due to cannibalisation of voice and SMS usage by over-the-top (OTT) applications and a
                           continuing global downward trend in inter-operator tariffs. However, data roaming usage also increased
                           and this partly offsets the overall drop in roaming revenue.

                           Changing customer patterns and the increasing use of OTT applications for communications resulted in
                           lower revenue from prepaid products.

                           Group service operating profit was $484 million, representing a 10% decline over the previous year and a
                           2% growth over the second half of 2015/16.

                           The Group continually strives to enhance the quality of its products and services while broadening its
                           customer base and driving real value for customers. During the period under review, Hong Kong customer
                           numbers increased by 1% year-on-year to 2 million. Although average mobile postpaid churn rate rose
                           to 1.2% (first half of 2015/16: 0.9%) amid a concentration of contract expirations, the Group’s postpaid
                           ARPU remained a market-leading $299 with minimal dilution (first half of 2015/16: $301).

                           Group’s handset and accessory sales fell 64% to $2,699 million when compared with $7,451 million for
                           the first half of 2015/16 and down $2,735 million or 50% when compared with $5,434 million for the
                           second half of 2015/16. While handset revenue declined substantially, average margin has improved,
                           resulted only in a marginal decline in handset profits.




                       4
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Cost of inventories sold fell $4,749 million or 64% to $2,655 million when compared with $7,404 million
for the first half of 2015/16 and fell $2,736 million or 51% as compared with $5,391 million for the
second half of 2015/16. This decline was broadly in line with the decrease in handset and accessory sales.

Staff costs rose by $21 million or 6% to $372 million (first half of 2015/16: $351 million) mainly amid an
increase in share-based payments, one-off redundancy costs and annual salary adjustments during the
period under review and the departure of a director during the same period last year. Compared with the
second half of 2015/16, staff costs remained stable at $372 million (second half of 2015/16: $371 million).

Other operating expenses remained stable at $1,096 million (first half of 2015/16: $1,096 million).
Compared with the second half of 2015/16, other operating expenses rose by $14 million or 1% to $1,096
million (second half of 2015/16: $1,083 million). Higher network operating costs, sales and marketing and
general administrative expenses were partly offset by lower cost of services provided, rentals and utilities.

Depreciation and loss on disposal fell slightly by $1 million to $342 million when compared with $343
million for the first half of 2015/16. Compared with the second half of 2015/16, depreciation and loss on
disposal fell by $5 million or 1% (second half of 2015/16: $347 million) mainly amid lower disposal loss
for dismantled sites.

Handset subsidy amortisation fell by $88 million or 25% to $265 million when compared with $353 million
for the first half of 2015/16 and fell by $58 million or 18% when compared with $323 million for the
                                                                                                                    INTERIM
second half of 2015/16. This decline was due to continuing customer migration from handset-bundled                  REPORT
plans to SIM-only plans.
                                                                                                                    2016/17

Mobile licence fee amortisation rose by $19 million or 20% to $114 million (first half of 2015/16: $95
million; second half of 2015/16: $95 million) amidst commencement of amortisation of licence fee for the
renewed and additional 2100 MHz spectrum.

Finance income rose slightly by $1 million to $28 million (first half of 2015/16: $27 million). Compared
with the second half of 2015/16, finance income fell by $5 million (second half of 2015/16: $33 million)
amid significantly lower average balance of bank deposits after payment for the renewed and additional
2100MHz spectrum.

Finance costs excluding exchange gain fell by $11 million to $70 million when compared with $81 million
for the first half of 2015/16 and fell by $3 million when compared with $73 million for the second half of
2015/16 amid lower accretion expenses on mobile license fee liabilities.

Exchange gain related to cash, bank deposits and borrowings amounted to $1 million (first half of
2015/16: loss of $47 million from RMB deposits). Exchange loss related to cash, bank deposits and
borrowings for the second half of 2015/16 amounted to $2 million. The Group had minimal exposure to
RMB, other than for operating needs.

Income tax expenses amounted to $97 million (first half of 2015/16: $87 million), reflecting an effective
tax rate of 19.9% (first half of 2015/16: 17.9%). In light of uncertainty of the tax deductibility of certain
upfront payments for spectrum utilisation fees, these payments have been treated as non-deductible on
cash or amortisation basis, Group effective tax is therefore higher than 16.5%.

The increase in the effective tax rate was due to a higher amortisation expense for upfront spectrum
utilisation fees (treated as non-deductible expense) for the renewal and additional 2100 MHz spectrum
and lower non-taxable interest income from significantly reduced cash deposits.




                                                                                                                5
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                           Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
                           The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group
                           was financed by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 31
                           December 2016, the Group recorded share capital of $109 million, total equity of $4,500 million and total
                           borrowings of $2,789 million.

                           The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including pledged bank
                           deposits and short-term bank deposits) of $849 million as at 31 December 2016 (30 June 2016: $3,242
                           million). The reduction was mainly due to payment of $2,287 million for the renewal and additional
                           2100MHz spectrum. The Group also has unutilised committed revolving banking facilities of $500 million
                           as at 31 December 2016.

                           As at 31 December 2016, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,789 million (30 June 2016:
                           $2,850 million) of which 80% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed
                           rate basis. Net debt, after deducting cash and held-to-maturity debt securities, amounted to $1,110 million
                           (30 June 2016: net cash of $1,262 million). Net debt to EBITDA (annualised) was 0.4X as at 31 December
                           2016 (30 June 2016: net cash to EBITDA at 0.5X).

                           The Group’s net cash generated from operating activities and interest received was $826 million and $34
                           million respectively during the period ended 31 December 2016. The Group’s major outflows of funds
         SmarTone          during the period were payments for mobile licence fees, dividends, additions of handset subsidies and
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited       purchases of fixed assets.

                           The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital
                           requirements for the financial year ending 30 June 2017 with internal cash resources and available
                           banking facilities.



                           Treasury policy
                           The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by
                           the board of directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in held-to-maturity debt
                           securities. Bank deposits and held-to-maturity debt securities are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong
                           dollars and US dollars.

                           The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf.
                           The Group may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.



                           Charges on assets
                           As at 31 December 2016, certain bank deposits of the Group, in aggregate amount of $2 million (30 June
                           2016: $2 million), were pledged for securing guarantees issued by the banks. In addition, certain Hong
                           Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying
                           amount of the pledged assets amounted to $81 million as at 31 December 2016 (30 June 2016: $82
                           million).




                       6
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong
dollars which accounted for 20% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2016. The remaining
80% of the Group’s borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any
potential rising interest rates. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.



Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, available-for-sale financial
assets, held-to-maturity debt securities, trade payables and bank and other borrowings denominated
in Renminbi and United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange
hedging.



Contingent liabilities
Performance bonds
Certain banks, on the Group’s behalf, had issued performance bonds to the telecommunications
authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in respect of obligations under mobile licences issued by those              INTERIM
                                                                                                                REPORT
authorities. The total amount outstanding as at 31 December 2016 under these performance bonds was
$305 million (30 June 2016: $305 million).                                                                      2016/17




Employees and share option scheme
The Group had 2,083 full-time employees as at 31 December 2016 (30 June 2016: 2,140), with the
majority of them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $372 million for the period ended 31
December 2016 (first half of 2015/16: $351 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus
payments are discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual
employee’s performance. Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance.
Employees are provided with both internal and external training appropriate to each individual’s
requirements.

The Group has share option schemes under which the Company may grant options to participants,
including directors and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the period under
review, 3,000,000 new share options were granted; and 352,500 share options were cancelled or lapsed.
3,000,000 (30 June 2016: 352,500) share options were outstanding as at 31 December 2016.




                                                                                                            7
                           DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                           KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                           Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                           in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in
                           Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration
                           from The Open University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese
                           University of Hong Kong.

                           Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also
                           a director of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”).
                           SHKP, Cellular 8 and TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part
                           XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of
                           SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and
                           Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                           In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a
                           member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                           Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                           For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee,
         SmarTone          Mr. Kwok did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited


                           CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                           Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung is a director
                           of a number of other publicly listed companies, namely being a non-executive director of Tai Sang Land
                           Development Limited, SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. and Tianjin Development Holdings Limited, and being
                           an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group Holdings Limited and Agile Property Holdings
                           Limited.

                           Mr. Cheung is a non-executive director of Hung Kai Finance Company, Limited and Sun Hung Kai
                           Properties Insurance Limited, both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                           Limited.

                           Mr. Cheung is currently a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong, co-deputy chairman of
                           Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and court member of The Open University of Hong Kong,
                           and Honorary Council Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. Mr. Cheung was a
                           non-executive director of SRE Group Limited (until December 2015), the deputy chairman of The Open
                           University of Hong Kong, a member of the Appeal Board established under the Accreditation of Academic
                           and Vocational Qualifications Ordinance, a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance),
                           the deputy chairman of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a director of Po Leung Kuk and the
                           vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of the Law Society of Hong Kong. Mr. Cheung
                           was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013. Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of
                           Doctor of Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong in 2016. Mr. Cheung received
                           a Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from the University of New South Wales, Australia and is
                           a member of CPA Australia. Mr. Cheung has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is
                           a consultant of the law firm Woo, Kwan, Lee & Lo. He was admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom
                           and as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore.

                           For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above
                           fee, Mr. Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                       8
                                                                DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and
East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996.
Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993-1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of
History at Brown University in 1996-1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio
investments. He is also a vice chairman and non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-
executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Roadshow Holdings Limited. He is also
a director of certain SHKP subsidiaries.

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in
1997. During his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and also served
institutions in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for
McKinsey. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became
a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong Chinese to become a director in McKinsey’s
history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce. He is
the President of the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an Honorary Treasurer of the Hong          INTERIM
                                                                                                                  REPORT
Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a council member of The Hong Kong Management Association. Mr.
Fung is a council member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund and a member of the Board of the Asian                 2016/17
Youth Orchestra.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee,
Mr. Fung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


Anna YIP Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June 2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong and
both MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.

Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the
overall performance of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip was
the Managing Director for Corporate Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas Bank in
Singapore. Previously, she was a Partner with McKinsey & Company in Greater China where she led the
Asia Payments practice and co-led the Asia Financial Institutional Group. Ms. Yip has rich experience in
leading organisations to build a strong service culture and drive superior customer engagement across
multiple channels.

Ms. Yip is a Council member of The Open University of Hong Kong, and the chairperson and a member of
its Audit Committee and Tender Board Committee respectively. She has also been appointed as a member
of the Joint Committee on Student Finance.

Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the period from 16 June 2016 (date of appointment as a director of the Company) to 30 June 2016,
Ms. Yip received salaries and director’s fee of HK$280,000 and HK$6,000 respectively.

                                                                                                              9
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick Executive Director
                       Mr. Patrick Chan was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October 1996 and became
                       Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer responsible for the
                       formulation and execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk management and corporate
                       development. He is also responsible for investor relations, legal and regulatory affairs and procurement.

                       Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance at
                       leading international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December 1994 to May
                       1996, he was seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as a full-time member.

                       Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Chan received salaries (including allowances, retirement
                       scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s fee of
                       HK$5,757,000, HK1,187,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.



                       CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                       Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
         SmarTone      Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology
Telecommunications     Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications
    Holdings Limited
                       technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial
                       initiatives.

                       Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of
                       business operations and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the
                       Company’s high performance network, which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data
                       experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced service platform which enables its many
                       proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value to customers. Mr. Chau also
                       oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and support systems
                       enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                       Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a
                       member of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the
                       Institute of Electrical Engineers, UK. He is also on the Advisory Committee on Electronic Engineering of
                       The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and the Innovation and Technology Support Programme (“ITSP”)
                       Assessment Panel (Information and Technology Subgroup) under the Innovation and Technology Fund.

                       Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement
                       scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s fee of
                       HK$6,014,000, HK1,187,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




                  10
                                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and
Supply (UK). He has been appointed as a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. with effect
from 29 October 2016. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai
Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and chair of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the
global leader in human resources services. He was previously a non-executive director of Ark Therapeutics
plc.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this,
spent some 12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and
Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong
Telecommunications Limited until it was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as
group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director.
Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for Cable and Wireless. His early career
was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.                                        INTERIM
                                                                                                               REPORT

For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,      2016/17
Mr. Prince did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.



SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu is managing director of
Wilson Group which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong. Wilson Group
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu
had more than 25 years experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance,
business operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems.
He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,
Mr. Siu did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                              11
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. John Anthony Miller, SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010. Mr. Miller
                       is a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, The Kowloon Motor Bus Company
                       (1933) Limited and RoadShow Holdings Limited.

                       Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He was also chairman of
                       Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
                       until mid-2016.

                       Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong
                       Special Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key positions held
                       over a career spanning 35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial
                       Services and the Treasury (2002-2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority
                       (1996-2002), Director-General of Trade (1993-1996), Director of Marine (1991-1993), Information
                       Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989-1991) and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979-
                       1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA degree from London University.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Miller received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,
                       Mr. Miller did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.

         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited   LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.),
                       FCIS, was appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen
                       & Co., Certified Public Accountants and an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                       Limited, Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank
                       Limited, China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited and Roadshow Holdings Limited.

                       Dr. Li is a member of the 12th National Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
                       He was previously a convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel, a member of the
                       Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, president of the Hong
                       Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, an advisor to the Ministry of Finance on international
                       accounting standards and a member of the Commission on Strategic Development.

                       Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                       as the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any
                       other emoluments during the said financial year.




                  12
                                                             DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited, vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited and a director
of the BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent non-executive director of MTR
Corporation Limited (since December 2007), Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013)
and Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (since June 2013).

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th and 12th National People’s Congress, P.R.C. He is also a
director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (from April 2014).

Mr. Ng was general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong)
Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank
Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land
Commission and the trustee of Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the
Corporate Contribution Programme Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong
from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012
to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of
Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent
Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.
                                                                                                            INTERIM
                                                                                                            REPORT
Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by
the HKSAR government in 2004.                                                                               2016/17


Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit
Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for
acting as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive
any other emoluments during the said financial year.



YANG Xiang-dong Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Yang Xiang-dong was appointed Director of the Company in December 2003.

Mr. Yang is Managing Director and Chairman of Carlyle Asia, leading all corporate private equity
investments in Asia (ex-Japan). He joined The Carlyle Group in 2001 as Co-Head of the Asia buyout
advisory team. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Yang spent nine years at Goldman Sachs, where he was a
Managing Director and Co-Head of Private Equity Investment Asia ex-Japan.

Mr. Yang received his B.A. in economics from Harvard University and M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Yang received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,
Mr. Yang did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                           13
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and
                       president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which is now a subsidiary
                       of SoftBank Corp. Following the merger of eAccess and Willcom Inc. in June 2014, Mr. Gan was
                       appointed representative director, president and chief executive officer of the combined entity – Ymobile
                       Corporation. Mr. Gan is also an executive vice president of Softbank Mobile Corp.

                       Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for
                       Goldman Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia,
                       including the listing of SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and
                       many other telecom related IPO and advisory projects.

                       Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now
                       lives in Japan (since 1990).

                       Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the
                       Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for
                       acting as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive
         SmarTone      any other emoluments during the said financial year.
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited


                       IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Mrs. Christine Ip was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
                       Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s
                       Greater China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong Kong since 2012 and CEO
                       Greater China with effect from 1 July 2016.

                       Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 29 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate
                       Banking, and she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of
                       senior management positions in product and sales management, customer segment management and
                       risk management in Hong Kong, the United States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New
                       Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                       Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail
                       Banker” in 2008.

                       Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The
                       Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The Institute of Bankers.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2016, Mrs. Ip received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,
                       Mrs. Ip did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                  14
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any
directorships in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do
not hold any other positions in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any
Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Executive Directors) and there is
no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled
to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general
meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies
listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as Executive
Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to a basic salary which
is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also
entitled to a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions
to the Group. Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at
annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a
director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings.
The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong
Kong.
                                                                                                                                INTERIM
                                                                                                                                REPORT
The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated 1 May
2002 under which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect from 15 May                  2016/17
2002 with no fixed term of service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to
time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to discretionary bonus, the computation
of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chan’s appointment as a director of the
Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-
laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board
under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based
on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary
of the Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau
is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility
and performance. He is also entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance
and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the
Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at
annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a
director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings.
The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong
Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2016 are disclosed in “Directors’ and chief executive’s
interests” section on pages 43 to 46 of this Interim Report.




                                                                                                                               15
                       REPORT ON REVIEW
                       OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




                       TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                       SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                       (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                       Introduction
                       We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 17 to 42, which comprises
                       the condensed consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the
                       “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2016 and the related
                       condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
                       income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows and the condensed consolidated statement
                       of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies
                       and other explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                       Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
                       the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”
                       issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
                       responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with
    Holdings Limited   Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a
                       conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely
                       to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do
                       not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



                       Scope of Review
                       We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410,
                       “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by
                       the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists
                       of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying
                       analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
                       in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
                       assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
                       Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.



                       Conclusion
                       Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
                       information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard
                       34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




                       PricewaterhouseCoopers
                       Certified Public Accountants

                       Hong Kong, 16 February 2017



                  16
                                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                           For the six months ended 31 December 2016
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                         Unaudited six months
                                                                         ended 31 December
                                                                            2016                  2015
                                                    Note                    $000                  $000

Service revenue                                                        2,673,627            2,777,571
Handset and accessory sales                                            2,698,677            7,450,719

Revenues                                             6                  5,372,304          10,228,290
Cost of inventories sold                                               (2,655,218)         (7,403,820)
Staff costs                                                              (372,037)           (350,964)
Other operating expenses                                               (1,096,478)         (1,096,026)
Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal      9                   (721,207)           (790,946)

Operating profit                                                         527,364               586,534
Finance income                                       7                    28,247                27,209
Finance costs                                        8                   (69,701)             (127,693)

Profit before income tax                              9                  485,910                486,050
Income tax expense                                   10                  (96,576)               (86,856)
                                                                                                            INTERIM
Profit after income tax                                                  389,334                399,194     REPORT

                                                                                                            2016/17
Attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                            393,399                402,727
Non-controlling interests                                                 (4,065)                (3,533)

                                                                         389,334                399,194

Earnings per share for profit attributable to
  the equity holders of the Company
  during the period
  (expressed in cents per share)                     12
  Basic                                                                      36.4                  38.0
  Diluted                                                                    36.4                  38.0




The notes on pages 24 to 42 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                                17
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                       For the six months ended 31 December 2016
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                           Unaudited six months
                                                                                           ended 31 December
                                                                                               2016                 2015
                                                                                               $000                 $000

                       Profit for the period                                                389,334               399,194

                       Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                       Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                          Fair value (loss)/gain on financial investments, net of tax        (1,624)                5,117
                          Currency translation differences                                   (1,859)               (3,758)

                       Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period, net of tax          (3,483)                1,359

                       Total comprehensive income for the period                            385,851               400,553

                       Total comprehensive income attributable to
                       Equity holders of the Company                                        389,916               404,086
                       Non-controlling interests                                             (4,065)               (3,533)

         SmarTone                                                                           385,851               400,553
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited




                       The notes on pages 24 to 42 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
                  18   Statements.
                                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              BALANCE SHEET
                                          As at 31 December 2016 and 30 June 2016
                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                   Unaudited                Audited
                                                 31 December                30 June
                                                        2016                  2016
                                        Note            $000                  $000

Non-current assets
Leasehold land and land use rights                      11,436              12,264
Fixed assets                             14          3,054,707           3,235,992
Interest in an associate                                     3                   3
Financial investments                    15            709,015             747,924
Intangible assets                        16          3,859,746           1,757,113
Deposits and prepayments                 17            108,387             117,296
Deferred income tax assets                               6,164               6,497

                                                     7,749,458           5,877,089

Current assets
Inventories                                            321,531             340,770
Financial investments                    15            129,674             133,180
Trade receivables                        17            289,926             274,456
Deposits and prepayments                 17            166,377             192,387
Other receivables                        17             44,968              90,809      INTERIM
Tax reserve certificate                                252,362             252,362      REPORT
Pledged bank deposits                                    2,385               2,385
                                                                                        2016/17
Short-term bank deposits                                     –             341,053
Cash and cash equivalents                              846,377           2,898,512

                                                     2,053,600           4,525,914

Current liabilities
Trade payables                           18            521,599             577,913
Other payables and accruals                            701,108             853,473
Current income tax liabilities                         326,326             545,292
Bank borrowings                          19            129,697             126,228
Customer prepayments and deposits                      242,954             325,633
Deferred income                                        222,239             228,047
Mobile licence fee liabilities                          59,278             206,325

                                                     2,203,201           2,862,911

Non-current liabilities
Customer prepayments and deposits                       84,349              73,871
Asset retirement obligations                            46,800              47,839
Bank and other borrowings                19          2,658,860           2,724,195
Mobile licence fee liabilities                         180,051             203,506
Deferred income tax liabilities                        129,529             126,846

                                                     3,099,589           3,176,257

Net assets                                           4,500,268           4,363,835




                                                                                       19
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       BALANCE SHEET
                       As at 31 December 2016 and 30 June 2016
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                         Unaudited               Audited
                                                                                       31 December               30 June
                                                                                              2016                 2016
                                                                            Note              $000                 $000


                       Capital and reserves
                       Share capital                                         20              109,088             108,118
                       Reserves                                                            4,348,177           4,208,649

                       Total equity attributable to equity holders
                         of the Company                                                    4,457,265           4,316,767
                       Non-controlling interests                                              43,003              47,068

                       Total equity                                                        4,500,268           4,363,835




         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited




                       The notes on pages 24 to 42 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
                  20   Statements.
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           For the six months ended 31 December 2016
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                         Unaudited six months
                                                                         ended 31 December
                                                                            2016                  2015
                                                                            $000                  $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                   1,138,984            1,083,495
  Income tax paid                                                       (312,514)            (181,335)

Net cash generated from operating activities                             826,470                902,160

Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (299,332)           (258,663)
  Payment of mobile licence fees                                       (2,476,723)           (203,470)
  Additions of handset subsidies                                         (196,733)           (233,232)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                         341,053           1,298,656
  Payment for purchase of held-to-maturity debt securities                      –            (860,001)
  Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities               35,771                   –
  Other investing activities                                               35,832              35,033

Net cash used in investing activities                                  (2,560,132)            (221,677)
                                                                                                            INTERIM
Cash flows from financing activities                                                                        REPORT
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                        (23,635)                   –      2016/17
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                            (66,385)             (66,338)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                         (227,796)            (342,901)
  Proceeds from shares issued under share option scheme                         –               59,523
  Other financing activities                                                    –               (3,690)

Net cash used in financing activities                                    (317,816)            (353,406)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                   (2,051,478)              327,077

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                       (657)              (36,498)

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                    2,898,512            2,303,783

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                 846,377            2,594,362




The notes on pages 24 to 42 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                                21
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                       For the six months ended 31 December 2016
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                              Unaudited

                                                                                             Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                                                  Capital                      share-based                                               Non-
                                                            Share      Share   Revaluation    redemption      Contributed compensation        Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                           capital   premium       reserve        reserve          surplus          reserve     reserve      profits        Total     interests        Total
                                                            $000       $000          $000           $000             $000            $000        $000         $000         $000          $000         $000


                       At 1 July 2015                     105,668    466,254        8,012         10,949           25,053          53,444        8,826    3,172,939    3,851,145       56,808     3,907,953


                       Comprehensive income
                       Profit for the period                    –          –            –               –                –                –          –     402,727      402,727         (3,533)    399,194
                       Other comprehensive income
                       Fair value gain on financial
                          investments, net of tax               –          –        5,117               –                –                –          –            –        5,117             –        5,117
                       Currency translation differences         –          –            –               –                –                –     (3,758)           –       (3,758)            –       (3,758)


                       Total comprehensive income
                          for the period ended
                          31 December 2015                      –          –        5,117               –                –                –     (3,758)    402,727      404,086         (3,533)    400,553

         SmarTone      Transactions with owners
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited   Issue of shares                       466      70,467            –               –                –         (11,410)          –            –      59,523              –      59,523
                       Lapse of share option                    –          –            –               –          17,195          (17,195)          –            –            –             –            –
                       Payment of 2015 final dividend          59      7,281            –               –                –                –          –     (350,241)    (342,901)            –     (342,901)


                       Total transactions with owners        525      77,748            –               –          17,195          (28,605)          –     (350,241)    (283,378)            –     (283,378)


                       At 31 December 2015                106,193    544,002       13,129         10,949           42,248          24,839        5,068    3,225,425    3,971,853       53,275     4,025,128




                  22
                                                           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                        For the six months ended 31 December 2016
                                                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                        Unaudited

                                                                        Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                              Capital                   share-based                                                Non-
                                     Share       Share   Revaluation      redemption Contributed compensation           Exchange    Retained                 controlling
                                    Capital    premium       reserve          reserve        surplus        reserve      reserve      profits       Total      interests       Total
                                      $000        $000         $000              $000           $000          $000          $000        $000        $000           $000        $000


At 1 July 2016                      108,118    797,046         9,079           10,949         53,394          1,096        3,959    3,333,126   4,316,767        47,068    4,363,835


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                     –          –             –                –              –                –          –     393,399     393,399         (4,065)    389,334
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial
   investments, net of tax                –          –        (1,624)               –              –                –          –            –      (1,624)            –       (1,624)
Currency translation differences          –          –             –                –              –                –     (1,859)           –      (1,859)            –       (1,859)


Total comprehensive income
   for the period ended
   31 December 2016                       –          –        (1,624)               –              –                –     (1,859)    393,399     389,916         (4,065)    385,851


Transactions with owners                                                                                                                                                                 INTERIM
                                                                                                                                                                                         REPORT
Share-based payments                      –          –             –                –              –          2,013            –            –      2,013              –       2,013
Lapse of share option                     –          –             –                –          1,096         (1,096)           –            –           –             –            –     2016/17
Repurchase of shares (note 20(a))      (189)         –             –              189        (23,446)               –          –        (189)     (23,635)            –      (23,635)
Payment of 2016 final dividend
   (note 20(b))                       1,159    127,212             –                –              –                –          –    (356,167)   (227,796)             –    (227,796)


Total transactions with owners         970     127,212             –              189        (22,350)           917            –    (356,356)   (249,418)             –    (249,418)


At 31 December 2016                 109,088    924,258         7,455           11,138         31,044          2,013        2,100    3,370,169   4,457,265        43,003    4,500,268




The notes on pages 24 to 42 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                                                                                                             23
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       1     General information
                             SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together,
                             the “Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale
                             of handsets and accessories in Hong Kong and Macau.

                             The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office
                             and principal place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong
                             Kong.

                             The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                             These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (“Interim Financial
                             Statements”) are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial
                             Statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors on 16 February 2017.



                       2     Basis of preparation
                             These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2016 have been
                             prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial
         SmarTone            Reporting”. These Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual
Telecommunications           financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2016, which have been prepared in accordance
    Holdings Limited
                             with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).

                             The Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by $149,601,000 as at 31 December
                             2016. Subscriptions of handset bundled plans resulted in handset subsidies included in non-
                             current assets, and non-refundable customer prepayments included in current and non-current
                             liabilities. Both handset subsidy and non-refundable customer prepayment will reduce gradually
                             over the contract term of each subscription. Excluding the non-refundable customer prepayments
                             of $200,149,000 (30 June 2016: $299,262,000) included in current liabilities, the Group would
                             have net current assets of $50,548,000 as at 31 December 2016 (30 June 2016: $1,962,265,000).
                             Based on the Group’s history of its operating performance, availability of banking facilities and its
                             expected future working capital requirements, there are sufficient financial resources available to
                             the Group to meet its obligations as and when they fall due. Accordingly, these Interim Financial
                             Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.




                  24
               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Accounting policies
    The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for
    the year ended 30 June 2016, as described in those annual financial statements except for the
    adoption of amendments to HKFRSs effective for the financial year ending 30 June 2017.


    (a)    Amendments to standards relevant to and adopted by the Group
           The following amendments to standards are mandatory and relevant to the Group for the
           financial year beginning on 1 July 2016.

           Annual Improvements Project            Annual Improvements 2012-2014 Cycle
           HKAS 1 (Amendments)                    Disclosure Initiative
           HKAS 16 and HKAS 38                    Clarification of Acceptable Methods of Depreciation
             (Amendments)                           and Amortisation
           HKAS 27 (Amendments)                   Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements

           The adoption of the above amendments to standards have no significant impact on these
           Interim Financial Statements.

           Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be
           applicable to expected total annual earnings.                                                     INTERIM
                                                                                                             REPORT

    (b)    New standards and amendments to standards have been issued but                                    2016/17

           are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group
           The following new standards and amendments to standards have been issued but are not
           yet effective for the financial year beginning 1 July 2016 and have not been early adopted.

           HKAS 7 (Amendments)                    Statement of Cash Flows1
           HKAS 12 (Amendments)                   Income Taxes1
           HKFRS 9                                Financial Instruments2
           HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
             (Amendments)                            its Associate or Joint Venture4
           HKFRS 15                               Revenue from Contracts with Customers2
           HKFRS 16                               Leases3

           1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017.
           2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
           3
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
           4
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.



4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements
    The preparation of Interim Financial Statements requires management to make judgements,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these
    estimates.

    In preparing these Interim Financial Statements, the significant judgements made by management
    in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
    same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June
    2016.


                                                                                                            25
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       5     Financial risk management and financial instruments
                             (a)    Financial risk factors
                                    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign
                                    currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

                                    The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information
                                    and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in
                                    conjunction with the Group’s annual financial statements as at 30 June 2016.

                                    There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.


                             (b)    Fair value estimation
                                    The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31
                                    December 2016 by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows:

                                    (i)     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                                    (ii)    Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the
         SmarTone
                                            asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from
Telecommunications                          prices) (level 2).
    Holdings Limited

                                    (iii)   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                                            unobservable inputs) (level 3).

                                    The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31
                                    December 2016 and 30 June 2016.

                                                                            Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                              $000              $000              $000             $000

                                    Asset
                                    Available-for-sale financial assets
                                      (note 15)

                                    At 31 December 2016
                                      (Unaudited)                                 –            9,353                  –            9,353



                                    At 30 June 2016
                                      (Audited)                                   –           10,977                  –          10,977


                                    There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques
                                    during the period.




                  26
             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




6   Segment information
    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior
    executive management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess
    performance and allocate resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on
    these reports.

    The CODM considers the business from a geographic perspective. The CODM measures the
    performance of its segments based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and
    loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

    An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


    (a)    Segment results

                                            Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2016
                                         Hong Kong        Macau Elimination Consolidated
                                              $000          $000         $000         $000

           Revenues                        5,292,994         217,481        (138,171)      5,372,304
                                                                                                          INTERIM
                                                                                                          REPORT
           EBITDA                          1,236,712          11,859                –      1,248,571
           Depreciation, amortisation                                                                     2016/17
             and loss on disposal           (692,605)         (28,611)              9       (721,207)

           Operating profit/(loss)           544,107          (16,752)              9        527,364

           Finance income                                                                      28,247
           Finance costs                                                                      (69,701)

           Profit before income tax                                                          485,910


                                              Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2015
                                          Hong Kong          Macau     Elimination Consolidated
                                               $000           $000           $000         $000

           Revenues                       10,162,284         392,734        (326,728)     10,228,290

           EBITDA                          1,360,580          16,900                –      1,377,480
           Depreciation, amortisation
             and loss on disposal           (762,383)         (28,616)             53       (790,946)

           Operating profit/(loss)           598,197          (11,716)             53        586,534

           Finance income                                                                     27,209
           Finance costs                                                                    (127,693)

           Profit before income tax                                                          486,050




                                                                                                         27
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       6     Segment information (continued)
                             (b)    Segment assets/(liabilities)

                                                                            At 31 December 2016 (Unaudited)
                                                                   Hong Kong        Macau Unallocated Consolidated
                                                                        $000          $000        $000       $000

                                    Segment assets                   8,384,715        321,125       1,097,218       9,803,058

                                    Segment liabilities             (4,700,118)      (146,817)       (455,855)     (5,302,790)


                                                                                   At 30 June 2016 (Audited)
                                                                    Hong Kong          Macau     Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                                         $000            $000          $000               $000

                                    Segment assets                   8,898,894        364,143       1,139,966      10,403,003

                                    Segment liabilities              (5,201,513)     (165,517)       (672,138)     (6,039,168)
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited         There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or
                             in the basis of measurement of segment results.



                       7     Finance income
                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2016                 2015
                                                                                                    $000                 $000

                             Interest income from listed debt securities                          21,868                 8,542
                             Interest income from bank deposits                                    6,062                18,409
                             Accretion income                                                        317                   258

                                                                                                  28,247                27,209


                             Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by
                             applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the
                             beginning of the period.




                  28
             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




8   Finance costs
                                                                        Unaudited six months
                                                                        ended 31 December
                                                                            2016                 2015
                                                                            $000                 $000

    Interest expense
       Bank and other borrowings                                          48,187                49,016
    Bank charges for credit card instalment                                2,310                 3,144
    Accretion expenses
       Mobile licence fee liabilities                                     19,021                28,093
       Asset retirement obligations                                          741                   863
    Net exchange (gain)/loss on financing activities
       (note 11)                                                            (558)               46,577

                                                                          69,701               127,693


    Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement
    obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
    allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.                           INTERIM
                                                                                                          REPORT

                                                                                                          2016/17
9   Profit before income tax
    Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                        Unaudited six months
                                                                        ended 31 December
                                                                            2016                 2015
                                                                            $000                 $000

    Charging:
    Cost of services provided                                            161,522               183,803
    Operating lease rentals for land and buildings,
      transmission sites and leased lines                                516,781               505,294
    Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 17)                        10,396                 6,530
    Net exchange loss (note 11)                                                –                53,086
    Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                         960                 4,437
    Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and
      land use rights                                                    341,408               338,771
    Amortisation of handset subsidies                                    265,309               352,829
    Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                  113,530                94,909
    Share-based payments                                                   2,013                     –

    Crediting:
    Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                             4,624                 1,182
    Net exchange gain (note 11)                                            1,041                     –




                                                                                                         29
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       10    Income tax expense
                             Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2015: 16.5%) on the estimated
                             assessable profit for the period. Income tax on overseas profits has been calculated on the
                             estimated assessable profit for the period at the tax rates prevailing in the countries in which the
                             Group operates.

                             The amount of income tax expense recognised in the condensed consolidated profit and loss
                             account represents:

                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2016                  2015
                                                                                                     $000                  $000

                             Current income tax
                               Hong Kong profits tax                                               95,980                86,846
                               Overseas tax                                                           768                   731
                             Over-provision in prior years
                               Hong Kong profits tax                                                    –                 (1,361)
                               Overseas tax                                                        (3,188)                     –
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                                                                               93,560                86,216
                             Deferred income tax                                                    3,016                   640

                                                                                                   96,576                86,856


                             Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average
                             annual income tax rate expected for the full financial year.



                       11    Net exchange (gain)/loss
                             The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account
                             are included as follows:

                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2016                  2015
                                                                                                     $000                  $000

                             Other operating expenses                                                (483)                6,509
                             Finance costs (note 8)                                                  (558)               46,577

                                                                                                   (1,041)               53,086




                  30
             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




12   Earnings per share
     (a)   Basic
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of
           the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

                                                                          Unaudited six months
                                                                          ended 31 December
                                                                             2016                   2015

           Profit attributable to equity holders
             of the Company ($000)                                        393,399                402,727

           Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares in issue                                        1,080,874,643          1,059,979,044

           Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                         36.4                   38.0


     (b)   Diluted                                                                                            INTERIM
           Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of               REPORT
           ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.        2016/17

                                                                          Unaudited six months
                                                                          ended 31 December
                                                                             2016                   2015

           Profit attributable to equity holders
             of the Company ($000)                                        393,399                402,727

           Weighted average number of ordinary
             shares in issue                                       1,080,874,643          1,059,979,044
           Adjustment for dilutive share options                               –              1,218,996

           Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares for diluted earnings per share                  1,080,874,643          1,061,198,040

           Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                       36.4                   38.0




                                                                                                             31
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       13    Dividends
                             (a)    In respect of the period
                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2016                  2015
                                                                                                    $000                  $000

                                    Interim dividend declared of 27 cents
                                       (2015: 27 cents) per share                                294,130                286,722


                                    At a meeting held on 16 February 2017, the directors declared an interim dividend of 27
                                    cents per share for the year ending 30 June 2017. The interim dividend declared is not
                                    reflected as a dividend payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected
                                    as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2017.

                                    The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the
                                    date of approval of these Interim Financial Statements.


         SmarTone            (b)    Attributable to prior year paid in the period
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                                                                             Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2016                  2015
                                                                                                    $000                  $000

                                    Final dividend of 33 cents
                                       (2015: 33 cents) per share                                356,167                350,241



                       14    Fixed assets
                                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                                                         $000

                             Opening net book amount at 1 July 2016                                                  3,235,992
                             Additions                                                                                 162,667
                             Disposals                                                                                  (2,494)
                             Exchange differences                                                                         (369)
                             Depreciation                                                                             (341,089)

                             Closing net book amount at 31 December 2016                                             3,054,707

                             Opening net book amount at 1 July 2015                                                  3,340,063
                             Additions                                                                                 169,243
                             Disposals                                                                                  (7,684)
                             Exchange differences                                                                         (855)
                             Depreciation                                                                             (338,431)

                             Closing net book amount at 31 December 2015                                             3,162,336


                  32
               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14   Fixed assets (continued)
     During the six months ended 31 December 2016, major fixed assets acquired by the Group
     included network and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to
     $134,559,000.

     At 31 December 2016, buildings with carrying amount of $81,278,000 (30 June 2016:
     $82,497,000) were pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 19).



15   Financial investments
                                                                      Unaudited                 Audited
                                                                    31 December                 30 June
                                                                           2016                   2016
                                                                           $000                   $000

     Available-for-sale financial assets (a)                                9,353                10,977
     Held-to-maturity debt securities (b)                                 829,336               870,127

                                                                          838,689               881,104
     Less: held-to-maturity debt securities maturing                                                         INTERIM
             after 1 year included under non-current assets              (709,015)             (747,924)     REPORT

                                                                                                             2016/17
     Total current portion of financial investments                       129,674               133,180


     (a)    Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                                                 $000

            At 1 July 2016                                                                       10,977
            Fair value loss transferred to equity                                                (1,624)

            At 31 December 2016                                                                   9,353


            The available-for-sale financial assets are denominated in United States (“US”) dollars,
            unlisted and traded on inactive markets and of private issuers.

            The available-for-sale financial assets are stated at fair value based on the net asset value
            per unit of the respective funds as determined by the managers of the relevant funds.




                                                                                                            33
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       15    Financial investments (continued)
                             (b)    Held-to-maturity debt securities
                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                                      $000

                                    At 1 July 2016                                                                   870,127
                                    Disposal                                                                         (35,726)
                                    Amortisation                                                                      (4,578)
                                    Exchange differences                                                                (487)

                                    At 31 December 2016                                                              829,336


                                    The held-to-maturity debt securities are denominated in US dollars.

                                    The carrying amounts approximate their fair values.

                                    During the six months ended 31 December 2016, the Group has recognised a gain on
                                    disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities of $45,000 upon exercise of call option by an
                                    issuer (2015: nil).
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                None of these financial assets is either past due or impaired.



                       16    Intangible assets
                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                               Handset               Mobile
                                                                              subsidies         licence fees            Total
                                                                                 $000                  $000             $000

                             Opening net book amount at
                               1 July 2016                                    452,150            1,304,963         1,757,113
                             Additions                                        196,733            2,287,200         2,483,933
                             Amortisation                                    (265,309)            (113,530)         (378,839)
                             Disposal                                          (2,461)                   –            (2,461)

                             Closing net book amount at
                               31 December 2016                               381,113            3,478,633         3,859,746

                             Opening net book amount at
                               1 July 2015                                     823,932           1,494,782         2,318,714
                             Additions                                         233,232                   –           233,232
                             Amortisation                                     (352,829)            (94,909)         (447,738)
                             Disposal                                           (4,404)                  –            (4,404)

                             Closing net book amount at
                               31 December 2015                               699,931            1,399,873         2,099,804




                  34
              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17   Trade and other receivables
                                                                      Unaudited                  Audited
                                                                    31 December                  30 June
                                                                           2016                    2016
                                                                           $000                    $000

     Trade receivables                                                    303,648                286,697
     Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables                  (13,722)               (12,241)

     Trade receivables – net                                              289,926                274,456
     Deposits and prepayments                                             274,764                309,683
     Other receivables                                                     44,968                 90,809

                                                                          609,658                674,948
     Less: deposits and prepayments included
             under non-current assets                                    (108,387)              (117,296)

     Current assets                                                       501,271                557,652


     The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days         INTERIM
     from the date of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice    REPORT
     date is as follows:
                                                                                                              2016/17

                                                                      Unaudited                  Audited
                                                                    31 December                  30 June
                                                                           2016                    2016
                                                                           $000                    $000

     Current to 30 days                                                   261,827                244,690
     31 – 60 days                                                          20,422                 19,385
     61 – 90 days                                                           5,078                  4,362
     Over 90 days                                                           2,599                  6,019

                                                                          289,926                274,456


     There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large
     number of customers.

     The Group has recognised a loss of $10,396,000 (2015: $6,530,000) for the impairment of its trade
     receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2016. The loss has been included in “other
     operating expenses” in the condensed consolidated profit and loss account.




                                                                                                             35
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       18    Trade payables
                             An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                             Unaudited               Audited
                                                                                           31 December               30 June
                                                                                                  2016                 2016
                                                                                                  $000                 $000

                             Current to 30 days                                                  342,745            514,218
                             31 – 60 days                                                         97,383             32,851
                             61 – 90 days                                                         34,939              7,262
                             Over 90 days                                                         46,532             23,582

                                                                                                 521,599            577,913



                       19    Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                             Unaudited               Audited
                                                                                           31 December               30 June
         SmarTone                                                                                 2016                 2016
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                                                                              $000                 $000

                             Secured bank borrowings                                              66,000             66,000
                             Unsecured bank borrowings                                         1,191,730          1,254,292
                             Guaranteed notes (a)                                              1,530,827          1,530,131

                                                                                               2,788,557          2,850,423
                             Less: Bank borrowings included
                                     under current liabilities                                  (129,697)           (126,228)

                             Non-current portion                                               2,658,860          2,724,195


                             (a)    On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                    Company, issued US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due in 2023, which are listed
                                    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally
                                    guaranteed by the Company and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured
                                    and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.




                  36
               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




19   Bank and other borrowings (continued)
     The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities
     approximate their fair values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the
     bank borrowings included under non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future
     cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at the period end date for similar borrowings
     and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the market price are as follows:

                                                 Level 1         Level 2            Level 3          Total
                                                   $000            $000               $000           $000

     At 31 December 2016
     Secured bank borrowings                           –         62,633                  –         62,633
     Unsecured bank borrowings                         –        959,369                  –        959,369
     Guaranteed notes                          1,511,999              –                  –      1,511,999

     Total                                     1,511,999       1,022,002                 –      2,534,001


                                                     Level 1      Level 2           Level 3          Total
                                                       $000         $000              $000           $000
                                                                                                               INTERIM
     At 30 June 2016                                                                                           REPORT
     Secured bank borrowings                           –          66,000                 –         66,000
                                                                                                               2016/17
     Unsecured bank borrowings                         –       1,012,646                 –      1,012,646
     Guaranteed notes                          1,582,470               –                 –      1,582,470

     Total                                     1,582,470       1,078,646                 –      2,661,116


     At 31 December 2016, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group
     (note 14) (30 June 2016: same).



20   Share capital
                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                             Shares of
                                                                            $0.1 each                $000

     Authorised
     At 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2016                           2,000,000,000                 200,000

     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 July 2016                                                 1,081,177,540                 108,118
     Repurchase of shares (a)                                          (1,885,000)                   (189)
     Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends (b)                     11,585,801                   1,159

     At 31 December 2016                                            1,090,878,341                 109,088




                                                                                                              37
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       20    Share capital (continued)
                             (a)    During the six months ended 31 December 2016, the Company repurchased and cancelled
                                    1,885,000 shares on the HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of
                                    $23,635,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders.

                             (b)    On 26 August 2016, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents per share
                                    for the year ended 30 June 2016. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive
                                    the final dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 16 December 2016, 11,585,801 shares were
                                    issued at $11.08 per share in respect of the final dividend.



                       21    Share option scheme
                             (a)    Movements in share options
                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                        Average
                                                                                                   exercise price                   Numbers of
                                                                                                       per share                  share options

         SmarTone                   At 1 July 2016                                                             $13.13                 352,500
Telecommunications                  Granted                                                                    $14.28               3,000,000
    Holdings Limited
                                    Cancelled or lapsed                                                        $13.13                (352,500)

                                    At 31 December 2016                                                        $14.28               3,000,000


                                    At 31 December 2016, no share options were exercisable.


                             (b)    Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet
                                    date
                                                                                                                     Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                                   31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                          2016               2016
                                                                                              Exercise price         Number of         Number of
                                    Date of grant      Exercise period                            per share       share options      share options

                                    30 November 2011   30 November 2012 to 29 November 2016         $13.02                   –           277,500
                                    30 December 2011   30 December 2012 to 29 December 2016         $13.52                   –            75,000
                                    25 July 2016       25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021                 $14.28           3,000,000                 –

                                                                                                                     3,000,000           352,500



                             (c)    Details of share options exercised
                                    No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2016.

                                    Share options exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2015 resulted in
                                    4,657,500 shares being issued. The related weighted average share price at the time of
                                    exercise was $14.10 per share.




                  38
             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22   Commitments and contingent liabilities
     (a)   Capital commitments
                                                                   Unaudited                 Audited
                                                                 31 December                 30 June
                                                                        2016                   2016
                                                                        $000                   $000

           Fixed assets
              Contracted for                                          104,110               117,144
              Authorised but not contracted for                       290,048                     –

                                                                      394,158               117,144


     (b)   Operating lease commitments
           The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased
           lines under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms,
           escalation clauses and renewal rights.

                                                                                                         INTERIM
           At 31 December 2016, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable            REPORT
           operating leases are payable as follows:
                                                                                                         2016/17

                                                                   Unaudited                 Audited
                                                                 31 December                 30 June
                                                                        2016                   2016
                                                                        $000                   $000

           Land and buildings and transmission sites
             No later than 1 year                                     569,411               591,012
             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years              321,816               375,181
             Later than 5 years                                        13,115                18,738

                                                                      904,342               984,931

           Leased lines
             No later than 1 year                                     237,925               234,808
             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years              717,327               719,386
             Later than 5 years                                       364,559               441,241

                                                                     1,319,811            1,395,435




                                                                                                        39
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       22    Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
                             (c)    Performance bonds
                                                                                          Unaudited                Audited
                                                                                        31 December                30 June
                                                                                               2016                  2016
                                                                                               $000                  $000

                                    Hong Kong                                                301,243              301,243
                                    Macau                                                      3,883                3,883

                                                                                             305,126              305,126


                                    The performance bonds were issued by certain banks in favour of the Telecommunications
                                    Authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in accordance with various telecommunications
                                    licences issued by those authorities to the Group. The banks’ obligations under the
                                    performance bonds are guaranteed by the Company and various subsidiaries of the
                                    Company.

                             (d)    At 31 December 2016, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
                                    corporate guarantee for general banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary
    Holdings Limited                of US$145,495,000 (approximately $1,128,167,000) and $500,000,000, of which
                                    US$91,845,000 (approximately $712,163,000) and $500,000,000 of the banking facilities
                                    were utilised by the subsidiary.



                       23    Related party transactions
                             The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 63.77% of the Company’s
                             shares as at 31 December 2016. The remaining 36.23% of the shares are widely held, of which
                             3.61% is held by another subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate
                             holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.




                  40
                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                           INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




23   Related party transactions (continued)
     (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2016, the Group had significant transactions
           with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business as
           set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in accordance with the terms of
           the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                          Unaudited six months
                                                                          ended 31 December
                                                                              2016                   2015
                                                                              $000                   $000

           Operating lease rentals for land and buildings
              and transmission sites (i)                                    62,400                 59,583
           Insurance expenses (ii)                                           2,758                  3,419


           (i)      Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites

                    Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the
                    Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to
                    the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on          INTERIM
                    certain premises owned by them.                                                            REPORT

                                                                                                               2016/17
                    For the six months ended 31 December 2016, rental and licence fees paid and
                    payable to subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP totalled $62,400,000
                    (2015: $59,583,000).

           (ii)     Insurance services

                    Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP,
                    provides general insurance services to the Group. For the six months ended 31
                    December 2016, insurance premiums paid and payable were $2,758,000 (2015:
                    $3,419,000).

     (b)   At 31 December 2016, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of
           which is a subsidiary of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity
           fund which primarily invests in technology related companies in the People’s Republic of
           China.




                                                                                                              41
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       23    Related party transactions (continued)
                             (c)    Key management compensation
                                    Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or
                                    payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                Unaudited six months
                                                                                                ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2016                  2015
                                                                                                   $000                  $000

                                    Salaries, bonuses and other short-term
                                      employee benefits                                          19,831                26,501
                                    Share-based payments                                          2,013                     –

                                                                                                 21,844                26,501


                             (d)    The trading balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies
                                    (the “SHKP Group”) (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are
                                    included within the relevant balance sheet items:
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                                                                        Unaudited                  Audited
                                                                                          31 December                  30 June
                                                                                                 2016                    2016
                                                                                                 $000                    $000

                                    Trade receivables (note 17)                                   1,416                 1,772
                                    Deposits and prepayments (note 17)                           14,216                 9,669
                                    Other receivables (note 17)                                     430                   322
                                    Trade payables (note 18)                                        978                   193
                                    Other payables and accruals                                   8,197                13,920


                                    The trading balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those
                                    offered to unrelated parties and arises from the ordinary course of business from provision
                                    of goods and services.




                  42
                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION
                                                      (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 27 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December
2016 (2015: 27 cents). The interim dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and
fully paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Directors
may, after having made enquiry regarding the legal restrictions under the laws of the relevant place and the
requirements of the relevant regulatory body or stock exchange in relation to the Scrip Dividend Scheme,
exclude any shareholder outside Hong Kong from the Scrip Dividend Scheme provided that the Directors
consider such exclusion to be necessary or expedient on account either of the legal restrictions under the
laws of the relevant place or the requirements of the relevant regulatory body or stock exchange in that
place. Such shareholders will receive the interim dividend in cash. A circular containing details of the Scrip
Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form are expected to be sent to shareholders on or about
Monday, 13 March 2017.

The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip
Dividend Scheme.

The interim dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme
will be sent on or about Wednesday, 12 April 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register
of Members of the Company on Friday, 3 March 2017.


Closure of register of members                                                                                      INTERIM
                                                                                                                    REPORT
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Friday, 3 March 2017. For determining the                2016/17
entitlement to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on
Friday, 3 March 2017 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim
dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716,
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m.
on Thursday, 2 March 2017.


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2016, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which
were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”) pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code
for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKSE (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company
and the HKSE, were as follows:

1.     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                             Number of shares held
                                      Personal                               Number of
                                      interests                              underlying
                                       (held as                             shares held                    % of
                                     beneficial        Other               under equity                  shares
       Name of Director                 owner)      interests        Total derivatives          Total   in issue

       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              –      4,708,523 1   4,708,523            –     4,708,523      0.43
       Fung Yuk-lun, Allen            402,841              –       402,841            –       402,841      0.04
       Anna Yip                             –              –             –    3,000,000 2   3,000,000      0.28
       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                –         11,000 3      11,000            –        11,000         0
                                                                                                                   43
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                              Notes:

                              1.       Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue
                                       of him being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                              2.       These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time
                                       being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share
                                       options are shown in the section entitled “Share option schemes”.

                              3.       These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


                       2.     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated corporations
                              of the Company
                             (a)       Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)

                                                                             Number of shares held
                                                                 Personal                                        Number of
                                                                 interests                                       underlying
                                                                  (held as                                      shares held                       % of
         SmarTone                                               beneficial             Other                   under equity                     shares
Telecommunications                     Name of Director            owner)           interests          Total    derivatives            Total   in issue
    Holdings Limited

                                       Kwok Ping-luen,            188,743        514,093,186 1   514,281,929               –     514,281,929     17.76
                                         Raymond

                                       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen        1,000                  –           1,000               –           1,000         0

                                       David Norman Prince          2,000                  –           2,000               –           2,000         0

                                       Siu Hon-wah, Thomas              –             7,000 2          7,000               –           7,000         0

                                       John Anthony Miller              –                  –               –          48,000 3       48,000          0
                                                                                                                    (personal
                                                                                                                  interests in
                                                                                                               share options)

                                       Li Ka-cheung, Eric               –             4,028 4          4,028               –           4,028         0


                                       Notes:

                                       1.        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue
                                                 of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                       2.        These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.




                  44
                                                                                            OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                         (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




      3.        These underlying shares of SHKP represented the share options (being regarded for the time
                being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SHKP under its share option
                scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                                    Number of share options
                                                                                          Outstanding        Granted         Exercised      Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                            Exercise                         at 1 July     during the       during the   Lapsed during at 31 December
                Name of Director       Date of grant           price Exercise period *           2016          period           period      the period           2016
                                                                   $


                John Anthony Miller    11 July 2014          106.80 11 July 2015 to            48,000               –                –              –          48,000
                                                                       10 July 2019


                *             The share options of SHKP can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first
                              anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary
                              of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of
                              the date of grant.

      4.        These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.


(b)   SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                                                                                                                                         INTERIM
                                                          Number of shares held                                                                                          REPORT
                                        Personal                                                           Number of
                                                                                                                                                                         2016/17
                                        interests                                                          underlying
                                         (held as                                                         shares held                                         % of
                                       beneficial                     Other                              under equity                                       shares
      Name of Director                    owner)                   interests                  Total       derivatives                     Total            in issue


      Kwok Ping-luen,                                 –           3,485,000 1            3,485,000                      –            3,485,000                 0.15
        Raymond

      Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                             –                       –                    –        4,000,000 2              4,000,000                 0.17

      Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                 50,000                            –            50,000                       –                50,000                    0


      Notes:

      1.        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by
                virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of
                the SFO.

      2.        These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the
                time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its
                share option scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                                    Number of share options
                                                                                          Outstanding        Granted         Exercised      Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                            Exercise                         at 1 July         during           during   Lapsed during at 31 December
                Name of Director      Date of grant            price Exercise period *           2016      the period       the period      the period           2016
                                                                   $


                Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016             2.45 8 March 2017 to         4,000,000               –                –              –       4,000,000
                                                                       7 March 2021




                                                                                                                                                                        45
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                             *      The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first
                                                    anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary
                                                    of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of
                                                    the date of grant.


                             (c)     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares
                                     of the following associated corporations:

                                                                                     Attributable
                                                                 Attributable        % of shares               Actual
                                                                      holding             in issue            Holding            Actual %
                                     Name of associated              through             through             through           interests in
                                     corporation                 corporation         corporation          corporation       issued shares

                                     Splendid Kai Limited               2,500                   25               1,500 1                 15

                                     Hung Carom Company
                                       Limited                              25                  25                  15 1                 15

                                     Tinyau Company
         SmarTone                       Limited                               1                 50                    11                 50
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                                     Open Step Limited                        8                 80                    41                 40

                                     Note:

                                     1.      Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him
                                             being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                       Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2016, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company
                       had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any
                       of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified
                       to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or
                       short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
                       recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were
                       required to be notified to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to the Model Code.



                       Share option schemes
                       The Company operates two share option schemes, which are:

                       (1)    share option scheme adopted and become effective on 15 November 2002 and terminated on 8
                              December 2011 (the “Old Scheme”); and

                       (2)    share option scheme adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on 8 December 2011
                              (the “New Scheme”).

                       Pursuant to the schemes, the Company granted/may grant options to participants, including Directors and
                       employees of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the Company. No further options can be granted
                       under the Old Scheme upon its termination. However, for the outstanding options granted and yet to be
                       exercised under the Old Scheme, the existing rights of the grantees are not affected.


                  46
                                                                                                            OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Old Scheme and the New
Scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2016 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                     Outstanding      Granted             Exercised           Cancelled/       Outstanding
                                                                                                        at 1 July       during               during        Lapsed during    at 31 December
                                                                                          1
Grantee                              Date of grant       Exercise price Exercise period                     2016    the period           the period           the period              2016
                                                                      $


Share options granted under the Old Scheme
Employees under                       30 November 2011          13.02 30 November 2012 to                277,500            –                     –             (277,500)                –
   continuous contracts                                                  29 November 2016

Share options granted under the New Scheme
Director
Anna Yip                             25 July 2016               14.28 25 July 2017 to                        N/A    3,000,000 2                   –                    –         3,000,000
                                                                          24 July 2021

Employees under                      30 December 2011           13.52 30 December 2012 to                 75,000            –                     –              (75,000)                –
  continuous contracts                                                   29 December 2016


Notes:

1.           The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant,
             up to two-thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the                                                                   INTERIM
                                                                                                                                                                                              REPORT
             grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.
                                                                                                                                                                                              2016/17
2.           The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the options were granted
             was $13.82 per share.

Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
participants pursuant to the Old Scheme or the New Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share
options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the period.


Valuation of share options granted during the period
On 25 July 2016, the Company granted share options to a director of the Company under the New
Scheme to subscribe for up to a total of 3,000,000 shares in the capital of the Company. The value of these
share options, as calculated by using the Binominal option pricing model, was $7,544,000.

The Binominal model is one of the generally accepted methodologies to calculate the value of an option.
The significant inputs into the model were:

Annual risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                                               0.72% 1
Expected option life                                                                                                                                                         5 years 2
Volatility                                                                                                                                                                  38.04% 3
Dividend yield                                                                                                                                                                4.5% 4
Exercise price                                                                                                                                                               $14.28
Share price at date of grant                                                                                                                                                 $14.28




                                                                                                                                                                                             47
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Notes:

                       1.       This represents the rate of safety investment, which is based on the market yield rates of Hong Kong
                                government bond (maturing 6 December 2021) as of the valuation date.

                       2.       This represents the life of the options as measured from the date of grant.

                       3.       This represents the average standard deviation of historical share price movement of the Company in the
                                relevant periods matching expected life of the share options.

                       4.       This represents the dividend yield determined by reference to the forecast 2016 dividend yield of the Company
                                as extracted from Bloomberg.

                       The value of the share options is subject to a number of assumptions and with regard to the limitation of
                       model. Therefore, the value may be subjective and would change should any of the assumptions change.



                       Interests of substantial shareholder
                       As at 31 December 2016, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief
                       executive of the Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be
                       disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
         SmarTone      were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as
Telecommunications     follows:
    Holdings Limited


                       Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                                     Total number               % of shares
                       Name                                                                              of shares                 in issue

                       Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”) 1                                      735,070,674                   67.38%

                       Note:

                       1.       TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned
                                subsidiary of TFS) held 39,368,484 shares and 695,702,190 shares in the Company respectively. For the
                                purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was deemed to be interested in 695,702,190 shares in the Company held
                                by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed interests in an aggregate of 735,070,674 shares in the
                                Company.

                                In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a
                                wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed
                                to be interested in the above-mentioned 735,070,674 shares in the Company.

                       Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2016, the Company had not been notified by any persons
                       (other than Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the
                       shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
                       provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to
                       be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




                  48
                                                              OTHER INFORMATION
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2016, the Company repurchased 3,391,500 shares of the
Company on the HKSE. Of these repurchased shares, 1,885,000 shares were cancelled prior to 31
December 2016 and the balance of 1,506,500 shares were cancelled subsequently after 31 December
2016. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                         Number of              Price per share
                                             shares                                           Aggregate
Month of repurchase                    repurchased            Highest           Lowest        price paid
                                                                    $                $                 $

August 2016                               1,394,000              12.88            12.20       17,426,000
September 2016                              491,000              12.68            12.58        6,209,000
December 2016                             1,506,500              10.36            10.22       15,507,000

                                          3,391,500                                           39,142,000


The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s net asset
value per share and/or the earnings per share. Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months
ended 31 December 2016 was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its               INTERIM
                                                                                                              REPORT
subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.
                                                                                                              2016/17


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to
the Board. The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director
with professional accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-
Executive Director) and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members
of the Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members
possess appropriate business or financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and
recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 9 February 2017 and reviewed the interim financial statements
as well as the internal audit reports of the Group for the six months ended 31 December 2016. The
Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual
items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the internal control
measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2016 have not been audited but
have been reviewed by the Company’s external auditor.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of
Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                             49
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Corporate governance
                       The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance.
                       Throughout the six months ended 31 December 2016, the Company has applied the principles and
                       complied with the requirements set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
                       Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, except for the following
                       deviations:

                       Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a
                       specific term. Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are
                       required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general
                       meeting once every three years in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a
                       term of appointment longer than three years.

                       Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-
                       executive directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views
                       of shareholders. Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred, Non-Executive Director, and Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, Mr. Yang
                       Xiang-dong, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine, Independent Non-Executive
                       Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 1 November 2016
                       due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining seven Independent Non-
                       Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 58% of all independent non-executive and
         SmarTone      non-executive members of the Board) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited   by the shareholders.

                       The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure
                       compliance with the CG Code.



                       Compliance with model code for securities transactions by Directors
                       The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
                       regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had
                       confirmed that during the six months ended 31 December 2016, they had fully complied with the required
                       standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.

                       By order of the Board
                       Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                       Company Secretary

                       Hong Kong, 16 February 2017

                       As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Ms. Anna YIP (Chief Executive
                       Officer), Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are Mr.
                       KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun,
                       Allen (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE, Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. John Anthony
                       MILLER; Independent Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP, Mr.
                       YANG Xiang-dong, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric and Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine.




                  50
