ANNUAL REPORT 2017 / 18
ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK) is a leading
telecommunications company with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and
Macau, providing voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well as
fixed fibre broadband services for the consumer and corporate markets. Its goal
is to deliver unbeatable and valuable experiences to customers through its
powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate service. The company has
been listed in Hong Kong since 1996. It is a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited (0016.HK).
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information               2
Financial Highlights                              3
Business Highlights                               4
Chairman’s Statement                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis               10
Corporate Governance Report                      13
Report of the Directors                          24
Directors Profile                                40
Staff Engagement                                 48
Community Engagement                             50
Group Financial Summary                          52
Independent Auditor’s Report                     53
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             58
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   59
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       60
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 62
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      64
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   66




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                         1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                        Auditors




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               *    Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond          PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Chairman                           Certified Public Accountants
                                               *    Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                  22nd Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                      Deputy Chairman                    Hong Kong
                                               *    Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen
                                                      Deputy Chairman
                                                    Ms. Anna YIP
                                                                                         Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                      Chief Executive Officer            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick           Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
                                                    Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen            183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               *    Mr. David Norman PRINCE
                                               *    Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas              Principal Share Registrar
                                               *    Mr. John Anthony MILLER
                                                                                         MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               **   Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                                                         The Belvedere Building
                                               **   Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP
                                                                                         69 Pitts Bay Road
                                               **   Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric
                                                                                         Pembroke HM 08
                                               **   Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine
                                                                                         Bermuda
                                               **   Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny

                                               *    Non-Executive Director               Principal Bankers
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                         Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                               Company Secretary                           Corporation Limited
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Hang Sang Bank Limited


                                               Authorised Representatives                Legal Advisors to the Company
                                               Ms. Anna YIP                              As to Hong Kong law
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Norton Rose Fulbright

                                                                                         As to Bermuda law
                                               Registered Office                         Conyers, Dill & Pearman
                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                                                                         Bermuda Resident
                                               Head Office and Principal Place           Representative
                                                                                         Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               of Business                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2,            Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong,
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




       2
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                               Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                      2018             2017         Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                             9,988             8,715           15%
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                   615               672            (8%)
Basic earnings per share ($)                                          0.55              0.62          (10%)
Total dividends per share ($)                                         0.41              0.60          (32%)


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                        10,018            9,776             2%
Current liabilities                                                 (2,497)          (2,185)           14%


Total assets less current liabilities                                 7,521           7,591             (1%)
Non-current liabilities                                              (2,689)         (2,956)            (9%)
Non-controlling interests                                               (33)             (41)         (20%)


Net assets                                                           4,799             4,594            4%


Share capital                                                          112               111            2%
Reserves                                                             4,687             4,483            5%


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company           4,799             4,594            4%


                                                                  Year ended 30 June
                                                                      2018             2017         Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash generated from operating activities                         2,231            1,750            27%
Interest received                                                       63                61            2%
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                  (623)            (575)            8%
Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities             145              152            (5%)
Payment of mobile licence fees                                         (62)          (2,501)          (98%)
Additions of handset subsidies                                        (515)            (282)           82%
Dividends paid                                                        (147)            (306)          (52%)
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                    (140)            (183)          (24%)




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes                            (141)                –            N/A
Payment or prepayment for repurchase of shares                        (266)              (88)         203%
Others                                                                   1                 1           73%


Net increase/(decrease) in pledged bank deposits, short-term
  bank deposits, and cash and cash equivalents                         546           (1,971)            N/A




                                                                                                                   3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                  Together We Thrive
                                                  SmarTone is committed to delivering unbeatable and valuable experiences
                                                  to customers through its powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate
                                                  services. We continue to lead the market through technology leadership,
                                                  innovation, customer-centric strategy and digitalisation, bringing
                                                  outstanding user experience and valuable services to our customers.




                                               1. Technology Leadership


                                                              Leading technology solutions on
                                                              NB-IoT enabled network for
                                                              enterprise customers.




                                                  Leading the mobile network evolution by launching the city’s first live
                                                  commercial License Assisted Access (LAA) Network supporting
                                                  blazing 1Gbps download speeds and FDD Massive MIMO trial.



       4
                                                                  BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation



                                            SmarTone Innovation Hub
                                            is Hong Kong’s first dedicated open ecosystem
                                            to drive cross-industry collaboration and
                                            accelerate the progress in digital transformation.




        The industry’s first SmarTone Hackathon, themed
        “Smart Properties”, is a cross-sector event that sparks
        millennials’ innovation and creativity.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                    5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                 SmarTone Plus, the signature loyalty program,
                                                                                                                 recognises the valued patronage of our customers
                                                                                                                 with a world of privilege and prestige.




                                                                         Excellent customer services and seamless online shopping experience garnered the
                                                                         renowned Smiling Enterprise Award and
                                                                         Telecom Asia Awards: Best E-Commerce Service.


                                               Brand building with integrated online and offline marketing campaigns




                                                SmarTone 5S, a new standard in mobile service              Powerful network delivers outstanding mobile
                                                industry, redefines network experience in speed,           experience along all MTR lines.
                                                stability, seamlessness, security and service.




       6
                                                             BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



4. Digitalisation

                                              Birdie Mobile,
                                              Hong Kong’s first all-digital self-service mobile
                                              brand for the millennial e-generation, with an
                                              award-winning Birdie Travel SIM.




                                 Omni-channel strategy provides enhanced customer experience
                                 from access to fully digitalised channels with award-winning Online Store,
                                 retail digitalisation and revamped SmarTone CARE app.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




              Proactive social media strategy engages with customers,
              business community and potential talents.



                                                                                                                 7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year, competition has intensified across all segments of the market. To compete effectively, SmarTone
                                               continued to focus on delivering a powerful network performance and exceptional customer care. The Company was
                                               able to achieve a healthy growth of 16% in the number of customers to 2.39 million. Also, it was able to further
                                               reduce postpaid churn rate from 1.0% to 0.8%. Mobile postpaid ARPU declined 10% to $257 due to an expanded
                                               customer base and ongoing migration from handset-bundled to SIM Only plans. The latter, coupled with weakness in
                                               the prepaid segment, led to a 2% decline in group service revenue.

                                               SmarTone’s core postpaid business remained resilient, delivering a 2% growth in underlying service revenue net of
                                               handset subsidy amortisation. There was pressure on costs, but as a result of the Company’s ongoing productivity
                                               improvement programs, cost increase was kept to 2% despite a much larger customer base. Spectrum fee
                                               amortisation increased 11%, reflecting the full-year impact of the renewal of 2100MHz spectrum in 2016. The
                                               combined effects of the weakness in the prepaid segment and the increase in costs resulted in an 8% decline in group
                                               net profit to $615 million.

                                               During the year under review, the Company focused its investment on delivering the Company’s 5S brand promise for
                                               Speed, Stability, Seamlessness, Security and Service, and in enhancing its offerings for both consumer and enterprise
                                               customers. SmarTone’s segmentation strategy was reinforced through differentiated service plans designed for
                                               customers including families, travelers, professionals and the millennial segments.

                                               The Enterprise Solutions business continued to deliver strong growth. The Company focused on priority industries,
                                               including logistics, construction, hospitality, healthcare and property management, with a broad portfolio of industry-
                                               specific applications. With the development of machine-to-machine applications and the drive for digitalisation by
                                               corporates, SmarTone expects continuous growth in Enterprise Solutions.

                                               To meet the needs of Hong Kong’s digital-savvy millennial generation, in July 2017, the Company launched Birdie,
                                               Hong Kong’s first all-digital self-service mobile brand. Birdie has since received favourable market reception through
                                               its all-digital design, innovative product features and simple pricing structure.

                                               The Company’s digitalisation initiatives have improved customer experience and increased productivity. Customers
                                               can now access a mobile-friendly website with a ‘plan advisor’ to identify service and price plans most suited to their
                                               needs. SmarTone’s website also offers a chatbot service to deliver 24x7 digital customer assistance. The SmarTone
                                               CARE app has been redesigned to offer both customer care and loyalty reward functionalities. Furthermore, the
                                               application of digital tools has led to improved operational effectiveness and efficiency.

                                               Providing customers with a powerful network performance has long been the firm focus of SmarTone’s network
                                               investment. The Company has refarmed 3G 2100MHz spectrum to LTE to expand capacity and throughput. After
                                               successfully conducting trials in Licensed Assisted Access (LAA) in 2017, the Company has started deployment at
                                               selected hotspot areas to further enhance customer experience. Following the successful trial of FDD Massive MIMO,
                                               preparation for 5G is underway as the Company plans for a field trial later this year.


                                               Dividend
                                               In line with the Company’s 75% payout policy, the Board proposed a final dividend of 23 cents, making a full-year
                                               dividend of 41 cents per share. Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under
                                               a scrip dividend scheme.




       8
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Outlook
Industry competition is expected to remain intense as pressure on tariffs persists. There is also pressure on costs, both
in operation and in spectrum fees. Notwithstanding the ongoing competitive pressure, the Company will continue
to focus on customer growth, expansion of the Enterprise Solutions business, and digitalisation initiatives to improve
customer experience and drive operational efficiency.

With regards to next generation mobile technology, the Company welcomes the Government’s efforts to expedite the
release of 5G spectrum. As the spectrum to be released in 2019 is not suitable for territory-wide coverage, SmarTone
urges the Government to release additional low frequency spectrum and resolve the restriction zone issue associated
with the 3.5GHz band. The resolution of these issues is crucial for establishing a comprehensive territory-wide 5G
network and strengthening Hong Kong’s position as a competitive global economy.


Appreciation
During the year under review, Mr. Yang Xiang-dong, retired by rotation as Independent Non-Executive Director. I
would like to thank Mr. Yang for his valuable contribution at SmarTone over the years.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their dedication and hard work.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 5 September 2018




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                               9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year under review, Hong Kong customer number increased by 16% year-on-year to 2.39 million despite
                                               intense competition, while the average postpaid churn rate improved further from 1.0% to 0.8%, an industry low.

                                               Group’s total revenue increased by 15% to $9,988 million (2016/17: $8,715 million), as a result of higher handset
                                               and accessory sales.

                                               Group service revenue fell 2% to $5,059 million (2016/17: $5,160 million) amidst continuing customer migration
                                               from handset-bundled plans to SIM Only plans and weakness in the prepaid segment. Mobile postpaid ARPU was at
                                               an industry-leading $257.

                                               Customer migration from handset bundled plans to SIM Only plans masked a better underlying trend in revenue as
                                               there was a corresponding reduction in handset subsidy amortisation. Handset subsidy amortisation fell by $96 million
                                               or 22% to $341 million (2016/17: $436 million). Group postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation
                                               rose by 2%.

                                               Roaming revenue, which made up of 14% of Group’s service revenue (2016/17: 14%) rose by 1% as healthy growth
                                               in data roaming more than offset weakness in voice roaming. Roaming revenue registered growth for first time in
                                               recent years.

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales rose by $1,374 million or 39% to $4,929 million (2016/17: $3,555 million). Both
                                               sales volume and average unit selling price increased. Cost of inventories sold rose by $1,363 million or 39% to $4,867
                                               million (2016/17: $3,504 million). Such increase was broadly in line with the increase in handset and accessory sales.

                                               As a result of tight cost control and ongoing productivity improvement programs, operating costs increase was kept
                                               to 2% despite a much larger customer base and the launch of Birdie. Staff costs fell by $12 million or 2% to $720
                                               million (2016/17: $733 million).

                                               Depreciation and loss on disposal fell by $11 million or 2% to $664 million (2016/17: $675 million) amid impact of
                                               fully depreciated assets.

                                               Spectrum utilisation fee amortisation rose by $29 million or 11% to $285 million (2016/17: $256 million) to reflect
                                               the full-year impact of the renewal and additional 2100MHz spectrum in prior year.

                                               Finance income rose by $10 million or 19% to $61 million (2016/17: $52 million) mainly amid higher deposit interest
                                               income.

                                               Finance costs fell by $16 million or 12% to $121 million (2016/17: $137 million) mainly amid lower interest expenses
                                               on bank borrowings and lower accretion expenses on mobile licence fee liabilities.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $180 million (2016/17: $177 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 22.8%
                                               (2016/17: 21.0%). The increase in the effective tax rate was due to higher amortisation expense for spectrum
                                               utilisation fees (treated as non-deductible expenses) for the renewed and additional 2100MHz spectrum. In light of
                                               the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fees, these payments have been treated as non-
                                               deductible on cash or amortisation basis, Group effective tax rate is therefore higher than 16.5%.

                                               Macau operations reported an operating loss of $27 million (2016/17: $24 million).




10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Group EBITDA fell by 7% to $2,136 million (2016/17: $2,296 million). Group service operating profit was $784
million, representing a 11% decline as compared with last year mainly due to weakness in prepaid segment and
increase in spectrum utilisation fee amortisation. Group profit attributable to equity holders of the Company fell by
8% to $615 million (2016/17: $672 million). Year-on-year comparison of second half 2017/18 showed some healthy
trends as postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation, roaming revenue and Group net profit all
registered growth.


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was financed by
share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 30 June 2018, the Group recorded
share capital of $112 million, total equity of $4,832 million and total borrowings of $2,430 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including pledged bank deposits and short-
term bank deposits) of $1,828 million as at 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017: $1,274 million).

As at 30 June 2018, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,430 million (30 June 2017: $2,691 million)
of which 79% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. Net debt, after
deducting cash and held-to-maturity debt securities, amounted to $36 million as at 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017: $705
million). Net debt to EBITDA was 0.02X as at 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017: 0.3X).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $2,231 million and $63 million
respectively during the year ended 30 June 2018. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were
payments for purchase of fixed assets, additions of handset subsidies, repurchase of shares and guaranteed notes,
dividends and repayment of borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2019 with internal cash resources and available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in held-to-maturity debt securities. Bank deposits
and held-to-maturity debt securities are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets



                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $78 million as at 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017: $80 million).


Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
accounted for 21% of the Group’s total borrowings at 30 June 2018. The remaining 79% of the Group’s borrowings
are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates in the
future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.




                                                                                                                            11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency movements,
                                               principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, available-for-sale financial assets, held-to-maturity debt
                                               securities, trade payables and bank and other borrowings denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not
                                               currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               Performance bonds
                                               Certain banks, on the Group’s behalf, had issued performance bonds to the telecommunications authorities of
                                               Hong Kong and Macau in respect of obligations under mobile licences issued by those authorities. The total amount
                                               outstanding as at 30 June 2018 under these performance bonds was $4 million (30 June 2017: $305 million).


                                               Employees, share option and share award schemes
                                               The Group had 1,898 full-time employees as at 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017: 1,994) with majority of them based in
                                               Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $720 million for the year ended 30 June 2018 (2016/17: $733 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               The Group has share option schemes under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the year under review, no share options were
                                               granted, cancelled or lapsed. 3,000,000 (30 June 2017: 3,000,000) share options were outstanding as at 30 June
                                               2018.

                                               During the year under review, a share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to
                                               recognise the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of
                                               the Group. During the year under review, 1,871,800 shares were granted. No shares were vested or lapsed. 1,871,800
                                               shares (30 June 2017: Nil) were outstanding as at 30 June 2018.




12
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2018, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except
for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are required to retire from
office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in
accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Code
Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Yang Xiang-
dong, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable
to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2017 due to overseas commitments or
other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors
(representing 67% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended
the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders. Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, a Non-
Executive Director of the Company, took the chair of the said meeting pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.


The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                            13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Composition




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               During the year, Mr. Yang Xiang-dong retired as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at
                                               the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2017.

                                               As at 30 June 2018, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, six Non-Executive Directors and five Independent
                                               Non-Executive Directors. The presence of eleven Non-Executive Directors, of whom five are independent, is considered
                                               by the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly to the important
                                               function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also serve to ensure that the Board
                                               maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and
                                               balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or
                                               her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


                                               Appointment and re-election of Directors
                                               All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
                                               general meeting once every three years.

                                               One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
                                               annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
                                               accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
                                               Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

                                               Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after their appointment,
                                               and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


                                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                               In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
                                               concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those of the Chief Executive Officer.
                                               The Chairman of the Company is Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is Ms.
                                               Anna Yip. Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The Chairman
                                               is responsible for ensuring that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and
                                               procedures. The Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is
                                               responsible for managing the Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives
                                               adopted by the Board.




14
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalised agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.


Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2018. The attendance record of
the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                               Meetings attended/held
                                                                               during the term of office
Directors                                                                Board Meetings       General Meeting

Executive Directors
Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                                  4/4                       1/1
Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                              4/4                       1/1
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                               4/4                       1/1

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                  4/4                       0/1
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                   4/4                       1/1
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                               4/4                       1/1
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                 4/4                       1/1
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                 4/4                       1/1
Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                 4/4                       1/1




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                  3/4                       1/1
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                       4/4                       1/1
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                  3/4                       0/1
Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                       4/4                       1/1
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                3/4                       0/1
Mr. Yang Xiang-dong1                                                                    1/1                       0/1

Note:

1.   Mr. Yang Xiang-dong retired as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual general
     meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2017.

                                                                                                                             15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ training




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
                                               the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
                                               with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
                                               corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
                                               developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

                                               Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
                                               This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

                                               All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
                                               2018, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
                                               business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

                                                                                                                                                            Type of
                                               Directors                                                                                                  trainings

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                          A, B
                                               Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                                                      A, C
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                       A, C

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                        A, B, C
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                         A, B, C
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                        A, C
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                       A, B, C
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                                             C

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                             C
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                           C
                                               Mr. Yang Xiang-dong                                                                                                C

                                               A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




16
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Committees
The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


Board Supervisory Committee (the “BSC”)
The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


Remuneration Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Non-Executive
Director). The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of
the Company.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Remuneration Committee passed two written resolutions for approving
and/or recommending the share award scheme of the Company and the emoluments to Directors and senior
management.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                          17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
                                               to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
                                               measured against corporate objectives.

                                               The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
                                               include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
                                               element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
                                               businesses.

                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
                                               reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
                                               the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.


                                               Nomination Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
                                               members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
                                               Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
                                               Company.

                                               The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy, and making recommendations to the
                                               Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession. The Committee will also review the size,
                                               structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge
                                               its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the Company’s website.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Nomination Committee passed a written resolution for reviewing the size,
                                               structure and composition of the Board and recommending re-election of Directors.

                                               The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
                                               themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2018 Annual General Meeting.

                                               Board diversity
                                               The Company adopted a board diversity policy for the Group. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits
                                               of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and
                                               balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting
                                               the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from
                                               a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
                                               experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
                                               benefits of diversity on the Board.

                                               The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
                                               cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board – Composition” of this
                                               Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this Annual
                                               Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.

                                               The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review the policy, as
                                               appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.




18
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with professional
accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr.
Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members of the Committee are Independent Non-
Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and
experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2018 to review with management and the
Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).

The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                         Meetings
                                                                                                    attended/held
                                                                                                        during the
Directors                                                                                            term of office

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                2/2
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                2/2
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                           1/2

The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 30 August 2018 and reviewed the financial statements as well as
the internal audit reports of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2018. The Committee was satisfied that the
accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements
and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was
also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained by the
Group for the year ended 30 June 2018.




                                                                                                                            19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               External auditor’s independence




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The nature and ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to
                                               scrutiny by the Audit Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of
                                               Audit Committee so as to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.
                                               Details of the fees paid or payable to the auditor for the year ended 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                        HK$

                                               Audit services                                                                                                     2,519,000

                                               Non-audit services
                                                 Taxation                                                                                                           171,000
                                                 Review of interim financial statements                                                                             337,000
                                                 Others1                                                                                                            563,000


                                                                                                                                                                  1,071,000


                                               Total fees                                                                                                         3,590,000

                                               Note:

                                               1.   “Non-audit services – Others” mainly consists of other reporting services to regulatory authorities, landlords and business
                                                    partners.

                                               The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at and for the year ended 30 June
                                               2018 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers. Before the commencement of the said audit, the Committee
                                               received written confirmation from PricewaterhouseCoopers confirming that they are independent accountants with
                                               respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of section 290 of the Code of Ethics for Professional
                                               Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                                               The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
                                               independence and objectivity of PricewaterhouseCoopers and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution
                                               of their re-appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2018 Annual General Meeting.




20
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 53 to 57 of this Annual Report.


Risk management and internal control systems
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
effectiveness.

The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organisational structure
and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorised use and disposition; ensure
compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification, assessment,
treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.

The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with seven qualified professionals, which is an independent function
reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in
the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover
major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.




                                                                                                                                 21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal control
                                               systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2018. The review considered the adequacy of resources,
                                               qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions,
                                               and their training programmes and budget. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational
                                               and compliance controls and risk management functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s
                                               risk management and internal control systems against control environment, risk management, control activities,
                                               information and communication and monitoring activities on all major business and operational processes. The
                                               review also considered (a) the changes, since the last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and
                                               the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of
                                               management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function
                                               and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board
                                               which enables it to assess control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control
                                               failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in
                                               unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had or may in the future have, a material impact
                                               on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
                                               reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

                                               In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
                                               stipulates the prohibition on unauthorised use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
                                               have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
                                               Futures Ordinance.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
                                               out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
                                               the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2018, they had
                                               fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


                                               Shareholders’ rights
                                               Right to convene special general meeting
                                               The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
                                               not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
                                               at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.

                                               The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
                                               Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

                                               If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
                                               meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
                                               may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
                                               months from the said date.




22
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
the attention of the Company Secretary.


Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the
meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of
the requisitionists:

(a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of
      any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

(b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not
      more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be
      dealt with at that meeting.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.


Investor relations
To manage its relationship with investment community, the Group meets regularly with the press and financial
analysts and participates frequently in other conferences and presentations. The Company also communicates to
its shareholders through announcements and annual and interim reports. All such reports and announcements can
also be accessed via the Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of the
management team also respond to inquiries from shareholders and investment community promptly.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                               23
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
                                               The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
                                               note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

                                               An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by operating segment is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Business review
                                               The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 9 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 10 to 12 of this
                                               Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
                                               the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

                                               Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


                                               (i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
                                                    As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
                                                    on pages 13 to 23, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
                                                    management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
                                                    Group’s operations and business.

                                                    The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The followings are the key
                                                    risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

                                                    Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competitions, which had led to pricing pressure
                                                    and increased marketing costs.

                                                    Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
                                                    business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
                                                    operations and affect the service to customers.

                                                    Compliance – The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make
                                                    sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws
                                                    and regulations will result in legal penalty, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

                                                    Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
                                                    statements.




24
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(ii) Environmental policies and performance
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.


(iii)Compliance with laws and regulations
     The Group recognises the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and risks of non-
     compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws and
     regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To
     the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
     regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2018.


(iv) Relationship with employees
     People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
     training and career development opportunities. It also recognises good performance. It provides a variety of
     activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

     The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


(v) Relationship with customers
     The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
     improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
     discussion, market survey, hotline, social media, online live chat, etc.

     The Group’s superior service has been widely recognised, as evidenced by the service awards received from
     various reputable organisations during the past years.


(vi) Relationship with suppliers
     The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
     anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
     suppliers.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2018 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
page 58.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Dividend
An interim dividend of $0.18 per share (2016/17: $0.27 per share) was paid on 13 April 2018. The Directors
recommended a final dividend of $0.23 per share (2016/17: $0.33 per share), making a total dividend of $0.41 per
share for the full year ended 30 June 2018 (2016/17: $0.60 per share). The proposed final dividend, if approved at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, will be payable in cash, with an option for the shareholders of
the Company to receive new fully paid shares of nominal value of $0.10 each in the share capital of the Company in
lieu of cash, or partly in cash and partly in new shares under a scrip dividend scheme.




                                                                                                                            25
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Five years financial summary




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
                                               page 52.


                                               Distributable reserves
                                               Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2018, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
                                               laws, amounted to $1,265,864,000 (30 June 2017: $2,095,045,000).


                                               Donations
                                               During the year, the Group did not make any charitable and other donations (2016/17: $31,000).


                                               Shares issued in the year
                                               Details of the shares issued in the year ended 30 June 2018 are shown in note 29 to the consolidated financial
                                               statements.


                                               Directors
                                               The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

                                               *    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                           **   Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                     Chairman
                                                                                                          **   Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
                                               *    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
                                                     Deputy Chairman                                      **   Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

                                               *    Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                               **   Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine
                                                     Deputy Chairman
                                                                                                          **   Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                    Ms. Anna Yip
                                                     Chief Executive Officer                              **   Mr. Yang Xiang-dong1

                                                    Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick

                                                    Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

                                               *    Mr. David Norman Prince

                                               *    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

                                               *    Mr. John Anthony Miller

                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director

                                               Note:

                                               1.   Mr. Yang Xiang-dong retired as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual general
                                                    meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2017.



26
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Cheung Wing-yui, Ms. Anna Yip, Mr. David
Norman Prince, Mr. John Anthony Miller and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual
general meeting. All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual
general meeting.

The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
Company’s Bye-laws.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or her
independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


Directors’ emoluments
The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
Company are based on terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 are shown in note 35 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
business
Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


Biographical details of Directors
Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 40 to 47.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                             27
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               As at 30 June 2018, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
                                               underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
                                               XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
                                               of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
                                               positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
                                               register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
                                               Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to
                                               the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the HKSE, were as follows:

                                               1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                               Number of shares held
                                                                                   Personal                                              Number of
                                                                                   interests                                             underlying
                                                                                    (held as                                            shares held
                                                                                  beneficial                Other                      under equity                   % of shares
                                                    Name of Director                 owner)              interests         Total        derivatives           Total      in issue

                                                    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond               –            5,111,9681      5,111,968                     –    5,111,968          0.45

                                                    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen             437,359                     –       437,359                      –     437,359           0.04

                                                    Anna Yip                              –                     –             –            3,000,0002     3,109,000          0.28
                                                                                                                                   (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                     in share options)

                                                                                                                                             109,0003
                                                                                                                                    (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                          in unvested
                                                                                                                                   shares under share
                                                                                                                                       award scheme)

                                                    Chan kai-lung, Patrick                –                     –             –                73,0003      73,000           0.01
                                                                                                                                    (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                          in unvested
                                                                                                                                   shares under share
                                                                                                                                       award scheme)

                                                    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                 –               11,0004        11,000                73,0003      84,000           0.01
                                                                                                                                    (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                          in unvested
                                                                                                                                   shares under share
                                                                                                                                       award scheme)

                                                    Notes:

                                                    1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
                                                           beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                    2.     These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                           physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
                                                           entitled “Share option scheme”.

                                                    3.     These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share
                                                           award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

                                                    4.     These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


28
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                                (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
  (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                       Number of shares held
                                         Personal                                                        Number of
                                         interests                                                       underlying
                                          (held as                                                      shares held
                                        beneficial                     Other                           under equity                                  % of shares
      Name of Director                     owner)                   interests              Total        derivatives                     Total           in issue

      Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond             188,743            516,892,1861            517,080,929                      –        517,080,929                 17.85

      Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000                         –               1,000                      –                 1,000               0.00

      David Norman Prince                    2,000                         –               2,000                      –                 2,000               0.00

      Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                          –                  7,0002               7,000                      –                 7,000               0.00

      John Anthony Miller                          –                       –                   –                    –3                     –                   –
                                                                                                            (personal
                                                                                                          interests in
                                                                                                       share options)

      Li Ka-cheung, Eric                           –                  4,0284               4,028                      –                 4,028               0.00

      Notes:

      1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
             beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

      2.     These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

      3.     These underlying shares of SHKP represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
             physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SHKP under its share option scheme. Details of these share options
             are shown below:

                                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                                                                                         Cancelled/
                                                                                        Outstanding       Granted          Exercised        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                         Exercise                          at 1 July    during the        during the     during the  at 30 June
             Name of Director      Date of grant            price      Exercise period*        2017           year              year           year        2018
                                                                $




                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
             John Anthony Miller    11 July 2014          106.80         11 July 2015 to      48,000              –          (48,000)            –             –
                                                                           10 July 2019

             *      The share options of SHKP can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of
                    grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of
                    the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.

      4.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




                                                                                                                                                                      29
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         Number of shares held
                                                                                             Personal                                               Number of
                                                                                             interests                                              underlying
                                                                                              (held as                                             shares held
                                                                                            beneficial               Other                        under equity                                  % of shares
                                                        Name of Director                       owner)             interests             Total      derivatives                     Total           in issue


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                      –           3,485,0001        3,485,000                  –                3,485,000               0.15

                                                        Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                          –                    –                 –        4,000,0002                4,000,000               0.17

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                   50,000                    –           50,000                  –                  50,000                0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
                                                               beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.     These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                               physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
                                                               options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                                   Cancelled/
                                                                                                                                  Outstanding      Granted         Exercised          Lapsed    Outstanding
                                                                                                     Exercise          Exercise      at 1 July   during the       during the       during the     at 30 June
                                                               Name of Director      Date of grant      price           period*          2017          year             year             year           2018
                                                                                                            $

                                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016          2.45 8 March 2017 to     4,000,000            –                –                –       4,000,000
                                                                                                                  7 March 2021

                                                               *      The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                                      date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                                                      part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




30
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
         associated corporations:

                                                   Attributable Attributable %                   Actual
                                                        holding    of shares in                 Holding          Actual %
          Name of                                      through issue through                   through         interests in
          associated corporation                   corporation     corporation              corporation     issued shares


          Splendid Kai Limited                             2,500                   25             1,5001                 15

          Hung Carom Company Limited                           25                  25                 151                15

          Tinyau Company Limited                                1                  50                  11                50

          Open Step Limited                                     8                  80                  41                40

          Note:

          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
               a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2018, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the HKSE
pursuant to the Model Code.


Share option scheme
The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on
8 December 2011 (the “Share Option Scheme”). pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company granted/may
grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the
Company.


1. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
     A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below pursuant to the requirements as
     contained in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules:




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
     (a) Purpose
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to reward participants who have made a valuable contribution
          to the growth of the Group and to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain employees who are
          regarded as valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of
          the Group.




                                                                                                                                    31
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) Participants




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of the subsidiaries, including any
                                                        director of the Company or any of the subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of
                                                        the Group based on his work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
                                                        relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme at the invitation of the Directors.

                                                   (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
                                                        The Company can issue options so that the total number of shares that may be issued upon exercise of
                                                        all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
                                                        Company does not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share
                                                        Option Scheme. The Company may renew this limit at any time, subject to shareholders’ approval and
                                                        the issue of a circular and in accordance with the Listing Rules provided that the number of shares to be
                                                        issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under all the share option
                                                        schemes of the Company does not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time. At 5 September
                                                        2018, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 102,761,185 shares which represents
                                                        approximately 9.16% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                        Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share of the Company.

                                                   (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                        The maximum entitlement for any participant is that the total number of shares issued and to be issued
                                                        upon exercise of options granted and to be granted in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest
                                                        grant does not exceed 1% of the relevant class of shares in issue.

                                                   (e) Time of exercise of option
                                                        The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
                                                        Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

                                                        The Share Option Scheme does not specify any minimum holding period before the option can be exercised
                                                        but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum holding period when the options are granted.

                                                   (f) Payment on acceptance of option
                                                        Acceptance of offer to grant an option shall be sent in writing together with a remittance in favour of the
                                                        Company of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant and must be received by the secretary of the
                                                        Company within 28 days from the date of the making of such offer.

                                                   (g) Basis of determining the exercise price
                                                        The price per share payable upon the exercise of any option will be determined by the Directors upon the
                                                        grant of such option. It will be at least the higher of (i) the average closing price of a share as stated in the
                                                        daily quotations sheets issued by the HKSE for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day of offer
                                                        of such option; (ii) the closing price of a share as stated in the HKSE’s daily quotations sheet on the day of
                                                        offer of such option, which must be a business day; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

                                                   (h) Remaining life
                                                        The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
                                                        adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2011.




32
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                                            Cancelled/
                                                                Outstanding      Granted      Exercised        Lapsed    Outstanding
                                      Exercise       Exercise      at 1 July   during the    during the     during the     at 30 June
    Grantee        Date of grant         price        period1          2017          year          year           year           2018
                                             $


    Director
    Anna Yip        25 July 2016        14.28 25 July 2017 to     3,000,000            –              –             –      3,000,000
                                                24 July 2021

    Note:

    1.    The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to two-
          thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
          anniversary of the date of grant.

    As at 5 September 2018, options to subscribe for a total of 3,000,000 shares were still outstanding under the
    Share Option Scheme which represents approximately 0.27% of the issued shares of the Company.

    Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
    participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
    granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the year.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected
employees until the end of each vesting period.


1. Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
    A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:




                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
    (a) Purpose and objectives
          The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognise the contributions by certain
          employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and
          development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

    (b) Administration
          The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
          Scheme Rules.




                                                                                                                                           33
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (c) Duration




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the
                                                        Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                                   (d) Maximum limit
                                                        The Board shall not make any further award of shares which will result in the aggregate number of shares
                                                        awarded by the Board throughout the duration of the Share Award Scheme to be in excess of 10% of the
                                                        number of shares of the Company in issue as at the Adoption Date (that is, 1,124,269,277 shares).

                                                   (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any
                                                        employee (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share
                                                        Award Scheme as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or
                                                        allocation of awarded shares.

                                                        The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded
                                                        sums and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number
                                                        of shares in accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such
                                                        shares until they are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

                                                        When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                        the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer
                                                        the relevant awarded shares to that selected employee.

                                                   (f) Vesting and Lapse
                                                        Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
                                                        the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
                                                        anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
                                                        award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee
                                                        of the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

                                                        Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such
                                                        shares for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having
                                                        taken into account the recommendations of the Board.

                                                   (g) Voting Rights
                                                        The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

                                                   (h) Termination
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date
                                                        or such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect
                                                        any subsisting rights of the selected employees.




34
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Movements of awarded shares
     Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme
     during the year ended 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                          Number of awarded shares
                                                                     Outstanding     Awarded         Vested        Lapsed    Outstanding
                                                                        at 1 July   during the    during the    during the     at 30 June
     Awardee          Date of award               Vesting period1           2017          year          year          year           2018


     Directors
     Anna Yip          29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021             –      109,000             –             –        109,000

     Chan kai-lung,    29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021             –       73,000             –             –         73,000
       Patrick

     Chau Kam-kun,     29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021             –       73,000             –             –         73,000
       Stephen

     Employees         29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021             –     1,616,800            –             –      1,616,800

     Note:

     1.     30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall
            vest on the third anniversary date of the date of award.


Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 30 June 2018, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                          Total number                   % of shares
Name                                                                                          of shares                     in issue


Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                   798,054,590                       70.98%




                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Note:

1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
     held 42,741,737 shares and 755,312,853 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
     deemed to be interested in 755,312,853 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
     interests in an aggregate of 798,054,590 shares in the Company.

     In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
     mentioned 798,054,590 shares in the Company.




                                                                                                                                               35
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2018, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
                                               Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
                                               SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                               a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                               Group.


                                               Permitted indemnity provision
                                               The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
                                               indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which
                                               he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
                                               the extent permitted by the laws.

                                               The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
                                               which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


                                               Sufficiency of public float
                                               Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
                                               confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.




36
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Company repurchased 29,994,000 shares of the Company on the HKSE.
Of these repurchased shares, 27,786,000 shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2018 and the balance of 2,208,000
shares were cancelled subsequently after 30 June 2018. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                        Number of
                                           shares                Price per share                        Aggregate
Month of repurchase                   repurchased                Highest               Lowest            price paid
                                                                        $                   $                     $


July 2017                                  392,000                 10.10                  10.08          3,959,000
August 2017                              3,649,500                  9.73                   9.55         35,086,000
September 2017                           6,754,500                  9.67                   9.20         63,379,000
November 2017                            1,978,500                  9.20                   9.09         18,112,000
February 2018                            8,205,500                  9.06                   8.24         70,452,000
March 2018                               1,604,000                  8.68                   8.33         13,700,000
April 2018                               2,816,500                  8.27                   8.14         23,097,000
May 2018                                 2,385,500                  8.30                   8.20         19,636,000
June 2018                                2,208,000                  8.25                   8.16         18,178,000


                                       29,994,000                                                      265,599,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s net asset value per
share and/or the earnings per share. Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2018 was
there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.


Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option schemes as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                                                                            37
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Major suppliers and customers




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases and revenues attributable to major suppliers and customers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                               57%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                         65%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s largest customer                                                35%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s five largest customers                                          39%

                                               None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the Directors
                                               owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers or customers
                                               noted above.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements also constituted
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. For the year ended 30 June 2018, rental and licence fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP totalled $127,868,000.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2018, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $4,562,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.

                                                    The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
                                                    with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
                                                    or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
                                                    Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                                                    Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions
                                                    in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in accordance
                                                    with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to
                                                    HKSE.

                                               2.   At 30 June 2018, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
                                                    SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
                                                    related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

                                               The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
                                               requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


38
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 5 September 2018




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                 39
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Directors




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 65) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from The Open
                                               University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
                                               Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is also a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese
                                               People’s Political Consultative Conference.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui                 Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 68) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung is a director of
                                               a number of other publicly listed companies, namely being a non-executive director of Tai Sang Land Development
                                               Limited, SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited
                                               (with effect from 1 January 2018).

                                               Mr. Cheung is a non-executive director of Hung Kai Finance Company, Limited and Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance
                                               Limited, both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong, co-deputy chairman of Sponsorship &
                                               Development Fund Committee and court member of The Open University of Hong Kong, and Honorary Council
                                               Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of SRE Group
                                               Limited, an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group Holdings Limited (resigned on August 2017),
                                               an independent non-executive director of Agile Property Holdings Limited (resigned on February 2018), the deputy
                                               chairman of The Open University of Hong Kong, a member of the Appeal Board established under the Accreditation
                                               of Academic and Vocational Qualifications Ordinance, a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance),
                                               the deputy chairman of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a director of Po Leung Kuk and the vice
                                               chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of the Law Society of Hong Kong. Mr. Cheung was awarded
                                               the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013. Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business
                                               Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong in 2016. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of Commerce
                                               degree in accountancy from the University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of CPA Australia. Mr.
                                               Cheung has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo, Kwan, Lee
                                               & Lo. He was admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore.




40
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 50) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a
Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in
1996–1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
is also a vice chairman and executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport
International Holdings Limited. He is also a director of certain SHKP subsidiaries.

Mr. Fung was a non-executive director of Roadshow Holdings Limited (resigned on 12 December 2017).

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in 1997. During
his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and also served institutions in Europe and
Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner
of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong
Kong Chinese to become a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in
McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce. He is the
President of the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an Honorary Treasurer of the Hong Kong
Federation of Youth Groups and a council member of The Hong Kong Management Association. Mr. Fung is a council
member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund and a member of the Board of the Asian Youth Orchestra. He is also a
member of the Advisory Committee on Gifted Education of Education Bureau, The Government of Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.


Anna YIP          Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip (aged 48) was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June 2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong and both
MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.

Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the overall
performance of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip was the Managing Director




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
for Corporate Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas Bank in Singapore. Previously, she was a Partner
with McKinsey & Company in Greater China where she led the Asia Payments practice and co-led the Asia Financial
Institutional Group. Ms. Yip has rich experience in leading organisations to build a strong service culture and drive
superior customer engagement across multiple channels.

Ms. Yip is a Council member of The Open University of Hong Kong, and the chairperson and a member of its Audit
Committee and Tender Board Committee respectively. She has also been appointed as a member of the Joint
Committee on Student Finance.

Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




                                                                                                                             41
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Patrick Chan (aged 58) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October 1996 and became
                                               Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer responsible for the formulation and
                                               execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk management and corporate development. He is also
                                               responsible for investor relations, legal and regulatory affairs and procurement.

                                               Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance at leading
                                               international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December 1994 to May 1996, he was
                                               seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as a full-time member.

                                               Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 57) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK. He is also on the Advisory Committee on Electronic Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and the
                                               Innovation and Technology Support Programme (“ITSP”) Assessment Panel (Information and Technology Subgroup)
                                               under the Innovation and Technology Fund.

                                               Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




42
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince (aged 67) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun
Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and chair of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the global
leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 65) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director
of Wilson Group (until June 2018), which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is
wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining
Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience
covers finance, business operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings
Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                           43
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller (aged 68), SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

                                               Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited (retired on 18 May
                                               2017), The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (retired on 18 May 2017) and RoadShow Holdings Limited
                                               (resigned on 12 December 2017). He was also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-
                                               owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, until mid-2016.

                                               Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
                                               Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning
                                               35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
                                               2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
                                               (1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
                                               and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
                                               degree from London University.


                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li (aged 65), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was
                                               appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified
                                               Public Accountants and an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport
                                               International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited and China Resources
                                               Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

                                               Dr. Li was an independent non-executive director of Roadshow Holdings Limited (resigned on 12 December 2017).

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
                                               previously a convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel, a member of the Legislative Council
                                               of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
                                               Public Accountants, an advisor to the Ministry of Finance on international accounting standards and a member of the
                                               Commission on Strategic Development.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.




44
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 69) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent
non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013), Hanhua Financial Holding Co.,
Ltd. (since June 2013) and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited (since 1 March 2018).

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress, P.R.C.

Mr. Ng was a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (until 13 April 2018), vice-chairman of Chiyu
Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until
May 2017), general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from
2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong
from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of
the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Programme
Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative
Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority
from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing
board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management
of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
the Company.


GAN Fock-kin, Eric              Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan (aged 55) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president
of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which is now a subsidiary of SoftBank Corp.
Following the merger of eAccess and Willcom Inc. in June 2014, Mr. Gan was appointed representative director,
president and chief executive officer of the combined entity – Ymobile Corporation. Mr. Gan is also an executive vice
president of Softbank Mobile Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for Goldman
Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia, including the listing of
SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and many other telecom related IPO
and advisory projects.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




                                                                                                                           45
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mrs. Christine Ip (aged 54) was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
                                               Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater
                                               China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong Kong since 2012 and CEO Greater China with effect
                                               from 1 July 2016.

                                               Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
                                               she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
                                               in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
                                               States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                                               Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
                                               2008.

                                               Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
                                               University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The Institute of Bankers.


                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 44) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. Mr. Lam is currently Group
                                               President of Noah Holdings Limited (“Noah”), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It provides
                                               comprehensive financial services such as wealth management, overseas asset allocation, high-end insurance and
                                               high-end education for enterprises and high networth customers. Mr. Lam oversees all of Noah’s management and
                                               operations and is responsible for driving all key strategic initiatives in both China and overseas.

                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a Global Partner at McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”) based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader
                                               of its Asia Financial Institution Practice, and Head of Asia Wealth and Asset Management Practice. For 16 years, he
                                               has led transformational programs for leading financial institutions across Asia.

                                               Mr. Lam has strong expertise in bringing innovations to enhancing customer service. He also has rich knowledge of
                                               “fintech” developments in Asia.

                                               Before McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong, counseling
                                               multinational corporations in various M&A transactions and NYSE/Nasdaq public offerings.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the Asia
                                               Pacific Foundation).

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
                                               from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
                                               Franklin Scholar.




46
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Executive Directors) and there is no fixed
term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general
meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are
determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by
the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary performance
bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director
of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws
of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority
granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of
directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated 1 May 2002 under
which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect from 15 May 2002 with no fixed term of
service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility
and performance. He is also entitled to discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability
of the Group. Mr. Chan’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled to a director’s fee
which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to
annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a
basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the
Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’
fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2018 are disclosed in note 35 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2018 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 24 to 39 of this Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                                47
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                      Together We Nurture
                                                      SmarTone understands people is the most valuable assets to the company. We
                                                      communicate with them, empower them with training and career development
                                                      opportunities as well as recognise their performance. We also encourage work-
                                                      life balance through a variety of activities.




                                               1. Grooming Talents




                                                                                                                  Get Yourself Ready Programme
                                                                                                                  develops frontline talents.




                                               Youth engagement programmes,
                                               including internship and exchange activities,
                                               inspire young generation.




                                                                                                 Cross-sector exchange with scalable
                                                                                                 corporations widens horizons for staff.




48
                                                                       STAFF ENGAGEMENT



2. Caring for Staff

    Work-life balance with flexible working hours, family leave, birthday leave, SmarTone 25th
    anniversary leave, full-pay maternity leave, paternity leave and nursing rooms.
    Fun workplace with festive delights, movie appreciation session, happy Friday drinks, health
    talks, interest classes and incentive trip.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                      49
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                  Empowering Our Future
                                                  SmarTone is dedicated in corporate social responsibility and is actively engaged in a wide
                                                  range of social service activities to contribute to the community. SmarTone Volunteer Team
                                                  has also been formed to encourage our staff to give back to the society.




                                               1. Caring for the Community




                                                  Culture tour with the seniors.
                                                                                                           Hong Kong Scholastic Championship
                                                                                                           enabled children to explore mobile technology.




                                                  Fun learning day encouraged bonding and
                                                  communication among foster families.




50
                                                    COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




                                             Talent Scholarship unleashed the
                                             potentials of underprivileged children.




                Running Oi Man by the Senior
                Citizen Home Safety Association.




2. Charity Events




    Sun Hung Kai Properties
    Hong Kong Cyclothon




                                                   Sun Hung Kai Properties Vertical Run –   ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
                                                   Race to Hong Kong ICC




                                                                                               51
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                2018        2017        2016      2015      2014

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                        9,988        8,715      18,356    18,659    13,244

                                               Profit attributable to equity
                                                 holders of the Company                          615         672         797       935       537

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                     0.55         0.62        0.75      0.89      0.52

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                 458          659         644       634       323
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)               0.41         0.60        0.60      0.60      0.31


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                   10,018        9,776      10,403    10,814     9,792
                                               Current liabilities                            (2,497)      (2,185)     (2,863)   (3,292)   (2,949)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities           7,521        7,591       7,540     7,522     6,843
                                               Non-current liabilities                        (2,689)      (2,956)     (3,176)   (3,614)   (3,593)
                                               Non-controlling interests                         (33)         (41)        (47)      (57)      (57)


                                               Net assets                                      4,799        4,594       4,317     3,851     3,193


                                               Share capital                                     112          111         108       106       105
                                               Reserves                                        4,687        4,483       4,209     3,745     3,088


                                               Total equity attributable to equity
                                                 holders of the Company                        4,799        4,594       4,317     3,851     3,193




52
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements (“Consolidated Financial Statements”) of SmarTone Telecommunications
Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 58 to 128, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2018;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 30 June 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                             53
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                               of the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

                                               •    Revenue recognition

                                               •    Capitalisation of assets and useful lives

                                                                                                            How our audit addressed
                                               Key Audit Matter                                             the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                          Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition
                                                                                                            included:
                                               Refer to Accounting Policies notes 2(x) to the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements                            •    Testing the relevant IT control environment in which
                                                                                                                 the billing, rating and other support systems reside;
                                               The accuracy of revenue amounts recorded in the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements is an inherent risk        •    Testing the key controls over calculation and
                                               in the telecommunications industry. Significant effort            allocation of revenue to appropriate periods and the
                                               was spent auditing the revenue recognised because                 separable elements of multiple-element contracts;
                                               systems are complex, involving frequent changes in
                                               tariff structures as well as processing a high volume of     •    Testing, on a sample basis, the accuracy of sales
                                               transactions from a combination of different hardware             transactions and the allocation of revenue in
                                               or services sold, some of which are multiple-element              multiple-element contracts to the underlying
                                               contracts requiring higher levels of management                   invoices, respective customer contracts and cash
                                               judgements and estimates on the allocation of revenue.            receipts; and

                                                                                                            •    Testing, on a sample basis, of non-systematic
                                                                                                                 adjustments which are outside the IT system billing
                                                                                                                 process. These included revenue deferrals and
                                                                                                                 the write back to the income statement of credits
                                                                                                                 applied to customer accounts.




54
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)
                                                            How our audit addressed
Key Audit Matter                                            the Key Audit Matter

Capitalisation of assets and useful lives                   We evaluated the design and tested the key controls in
                                                            respect of the capitalisation of fixed assets. We tested, on
Refer to Accounting Policies note 2(g) and note 3(b)        a sample basis, the nature of costs incurred for network
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements to the         under construction and network and testing equipment
Consolidated Financial Statements                           to the underlying supporting invoices and assessed
                                                            whether these expenditure met the capitalisation criteria.
There are a number of areas where management
judgement impacts the carrying value of fixed assets, and   We also tested on a sample basis, the timing of transfer
their respective depreciation profiles.                     of network under construction to network and testing
                                                            equipment during the year, to the engineering status
These include:                                              reports and supporting documents.

•    the decision to capitalise or expense costs;           We tested the key controls over the annual review of
                                                            asset lives. We assessed the asset lives by considering
•    the timeliness of the transfer from assets in the      our knowledge of the business, the practice as well as
     course of construction; and                            technology development in the telecommunications
                                                            industry.
•    the annual asset life review by management to assess
     the appropriateness of their estimated economic
     useful lives.

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated
Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                              55
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements that give
                                               a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
                                               Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                               preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                               error.

                                               In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                               alternative but to do so.

                                               The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981
                                               of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
                                               throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                                    Group’s internal control.

                                               •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                                    related disclosures made by the directors.

                                               •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
                                                    on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
                                                    cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                                                    uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
                                                    Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
                                                    are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                                    conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

56
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse Ming Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 5 September 2018




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                                  57
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                                                         Notes           $000              $000

                                               Service revenue                                                                      5,059,258         5,160,306
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          4,929,234         3,555,106


                                               Revenues                                                                   5         9,988,492         8,715,412
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (4,867,053)       (3,503,986)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (368,475)         (326,691)
                                               Staff costs                                                                6          (720,333)         (732,747)
                                               Other operating expenses                                                            (1,896,417)       (1,855,726)
                                               Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal                            9        (1,289,773)       (1,367,617)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       846,441           928,645
                                               Finance income                                                             7            61,423            51,774
                                               Finance costs                                                              8          (120,909)         (137,220)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                    9          786,955           843,199
                                               Income tax expense                                                         10         (179,803)         (177,431)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                607,152          665,768


                                               Attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                                          615,243          672,102
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                               (8,091)           (6,334)


                                                                                                                                      607,152          665,768


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
                                                 Company during the year (expressed in cents per share)                   14
                                                 Basic                                                                                   55.4              61.7
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 55.4              61.7




                                               The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

58
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                          For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                     2018            2017
                                                                                     $000            $000

Profit for the year                                                               607,152         665,768


Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial investments, net of tax                            (1,366)          (2,965)
   Currency translation differences                                                 2,050           (2,631)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                            684           (5,596)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                           607,836         660,172


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                                     615,927         666,506
Non-controlling interests                                                          (8,091)          (6,334)


                                                                                  607,836         660,172




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.

                                                                                                                  59
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                2018        2017
                                                                                    Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Leasehold land and land use rights    16        11,315      11,383
                                               Fixed assets                          17     2,970,680   3,071,725
                                               Interest in an associate              19             3           3
                                               Financial investments                 20       486,599     672,528
                                               Intangible assets                     21     3,516,902   3,631,399
                                               Deposits and prepayments              22       117,135      91,076
                                               Deferred income tax assets            23         5,542       6,130


                                               Total non-current assets                     7,108,176   7,484,244


                                               Current assets
                                               Inventories                           24       161,465     181,703
                                               Financial investments                 20        86,738      47,568
                                               Trade receivables                     22       364,757     321,450
                                               Deposits and prepayments              22       172,877     167,188
                                               Other receivables                     22        43,645      47,002
                                               Tax reserve certificate                        252,362     252,362
                                               Pledged bank deposits                 25             –       2,385
                                               Short-term bank deposits              25        96,155     124,893
                                               Cash and cash equivalents             25     1,731,951   1,146,795


                                               Total current assets                         2,909,950   2,291,346


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                        26      521,620     357,393
                                               Other payables and accruals           26      852,081     804,562
                                               Current income tax liabilities                457,389     399,342
                                               Bank borrowings                       27      135,789     133,636
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits             247,081     224,202
                                               Deferred income                               222,996     206,023
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities        28       60,041      60,040


                                               Total current liabilities                    2,496,997   2,185,198


                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits               98,087      47,044
                                               Asset retirement obligations                    43,027      47,378
                                               Bank and other borrowings             27     2,294,592   2,557,049
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities        28       127,991     167,886
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities       23       125,708     136,738


                                               Total non-current liabilities                2,689,405   2,956,095


                                               Net assets                                   4,831,724   4,634,297




60
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                              At 30 June 2018
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2018           2017
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          29             112,426        110,581
Reserves                                                                            4,686,655      4,482,982


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                          4,799,081      4,593,563
Non-controlling interests                                                              32,643         40,734


Total equity                                                                        4,831,724      4,634,297

The financial statements on pages 58 to 128 were approved by the Board of Directors on 5 September 2018 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Anna Yip
Director                                         Director




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                    61
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   2018          2017
                                                                                                                       Notes       $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                         786,955       843,199
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                           17      647,886       669,931
                                                 Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights                     16          672            638
                                                 Amortisation of intangible assets                                      21      626,065       692,713
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                        9       15,150          4,335
                                                 Finance income                                                         7       (61,423)       (51,774)
                                                 Finance costs                                                          8       120,909       137,220
                                                 Share-based payments                                                   6         2,304          4,291


                                                                                                                               2,138,518    2,300,553
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Decrease in inventories                                                         20,238       159,067
                                                 (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables, deposits, prepayments and
                                                    other receivables                                                            (67,662)      46,733
                                                 Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables, accruals and
                                                    deferred income                                                             283,382      (230,744)
                                                 Increase/(decrease) in customer prepayments and deposits                        77,318      (125,712)


                                               Cash generated from operations                                                  2,451,794    2,149,897
                                                 Interest paid                                                                   (88,939)      (87,088)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                                (132,214)    (313,117)


                                               Net cash generated from operating activities                                    2,230,641    1,749,692


                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                           (622,510)     (575,358)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                            1,727         3,400
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities                      144,852       152,190
                                                 Payment of mobile licence fees                                                  (62,350)   (2,500,793)
                                                 Additions of handset subsidies                                         21      (514,964)     (282,345)
                                                 Decrease in short-term bank deposits                                             29,402       216,857
                                                 Interest received                                                                62,637        61,184


                                               Net cash used in investing activities                                            (961,206)   (2,924,865)




62
                                         CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                     Notes              $000                 $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                   (247,421)             (87,715)
  Prepayment for repurchase of shares                                                 (18,178)                   –
  Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                     2,385                    –
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                             –             450,000
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                       (139,706)           (632,863)
  Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes                                         (141,122)                   –
  Payment of transaction costs of bank borrowings                                           –               (2,400)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                                     (147,114)           (306,286)


Net cash used in financing activities                                                (691,156)           (579,264)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 578,279        (1,754,437)

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                1,146,795            2,898,512
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                               6,877                2,720


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                   25          1,731,951            1,146,795


                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                        $000                $000

In the consolidated cash flow statement, proceeds from disposal of
   fixed assets comprise:

Net book amount of disposed fixed assets (note 17)                                     16,877               7,735
Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                      (15,150)             (4,335)


Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                                  1,727               3,400




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                         63
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                                                      Capital                         share-based                                                    Non-
                                                                                               Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed      compensation       Exchange     Retained                   controlling
                                                                                              capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus             reserve       reserve      profits         Total      interests        Total
                                                                                               $000         $000          $000          $000             $000                $000          $000        $000           $000          $000          $000

                                               At 1 July 2016                                108,118     797,046         9,079        10,949            53,394              1,096         3,959    3,333,126     4,316,767        47,068     4,363,835


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                 –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     672,102       672,102          (6,334)    665,768
                                               Other comprehensive loss
                                               Fair value loss on financial investments,
                                                   net of tax                                      –           –        (2,965)            –                  –                    –          –             –       (2,965)             –       (2,965)
                                               Currency translation differences                    –           –             –             –                  –                    –     (2,631)            –       (2,631)             –       (2,631)


                                               Total comprehensive income for
                                                  the year ended 30 June 2017                      –           –        (2,965)            –                  –                    –     (2,631)    672,102       666,506          (6,334)    660,172


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                       –           –             –             –                  –              4,291            –             –         4,291             –         4,291
                                               Lapse of share option                               –           –             –             –              1,096             (1,096)           –             –             –             –             –
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 29(c))                (820)          –             –           820            (51,983)                 –            –       (35,732)      (87,715)            –       (87,715)
                                               Payment of 2016 final dividend (note 29(b))     1,159     127,212             –             –                  –                  –            –     (356,167)     (227,796)             –     (227,796)
                                               Payment of 2017 interim dividend (note 15)      2,124     213,516             –             –                  –                  –            –     (294,130)      (78,490)             –      (78,490)


                                               Total transactions with owners                  2,463     340,728             –           820            (50,887)            3,195             –     (686,029)     (389,710)             –     (389,710)


                                               At 30 June 2017                               110,581    1,137,774        6,114        11,769              2,507             4,291         1,328    3,319,199     4,593,563        40,734     4,634,297




64
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                                                                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                    Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                        Capital                    share-based                                                     Non-
                                               Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption       Contributed compensation       Exchange       Retained                  controlling
                                              capital    premium         reserve        reserve          surplus       reserve        reserve        profits        Total      interests       Total
                                                $000         $000           $000           $000             $000          $000           $000          $000         $000           $000        $000

At 1 July 2017                                110,581    1,137,774         6,114         11,769            2,507           4,291       1,328       3,319,199    4,593,563        40,734    4,634,297


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                 –           –              –              –                 –              –           –        615,243      615,243         (8,091)    607,152
Other comprehensive income
Fair value loss on financial investments,
    net of tax                                      –           –         (1,366)             –                 –              –           –               –       (1,366)            –       (1,366)
Currency translation differences                    –           –              –              –                 –              –       2,050               –        2,050             –        2,050


Total comprehensive income for
   the year ended 30 June 2018                      –            –        (1,366)             –                 –              –       2,050        615,243      615,927         (8,091)    607,836


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                       –           –              –              –                 –          2,304           –               –        2,304             –        2,304
Repurchase of shares (note 29(c))              (2,779)          –              –          2,779            (2,159)             –           –        (245,262)    (247,421)            –     (247,421)
Prepayment for repurchase of shares                 –           –              –              –                 –              –           –         (18,178)     (18,178)            –      (18,178)
Payment of 2017 final dividend (note 29(b))     2,814     259,254              –              –                 –              –           –        (361,355)     (99,287)            –      (99,287)
Payment of 2018 interim dividend (note 15)      1,810     150,699              –              –                 –              –           –        (200,336)     (47,827)            –      (47,827)


Total transactions with owners                  1,845     409,953              –          2,779            (2,159)         2,304           –        (825,131)    (410,409)            –     (410,409)


At 30 June 2018                               112,426    1,547,727         4,748         14,548              348           6,595       3,378       3,109,311    4,799,081        32,643    4,831,724




                                                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           65
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 5 September 2018.


                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
                                                   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                                   stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                                                              Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                                                              Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
                                                              basis, except for the available-for-sale financial assets, measured at fair value.

                                                        (ii) Amended standards adopted by the Group
                                                              The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual
                                                              reporting period commencing 1 July 2017.

                                                              HKAS 7 (Amendments)                       Disclosure initiative
                                                              HKAS 12 (Amendments)                      Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses
                                                              HKFRS 12 (Amendment)                      Disclosure of Interest in Other Entities

                                                              The adoption of these amendments did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior
                                                              periods. Most of the amendments will also not affect the current or future periods.




66
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted
          Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
          been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2018 reporting periods and have not been early
          adopted by the Group.

          Annual Improvements Project                     Annual Improvements 2014–2016 Cycle1
          Annual Improvements Project                     Annual Improvements 2015–2017 Cycle2
          HKAS 28 (Amendment)                             Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures1
          HKAS 40 (Amendments)                            Transfers of Investment Property1
          HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                             First Time Adoption of HKFRS1
          HKFRS 2 (Amendments)                            Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                                             Transactions1
          HKFRS 4 (Amendments)                            Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                             Insurance Contracts1
          HKFRS 9                                         Financial Instruments1
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                             Associate or Joint Venture4
          HKFRS 15                                        Revenue from Contracts with Customers1
          HKFRS 16                                        Leases2
          HKFRS 17                                        Insurance Contracts3
          HK (IFRIC) 22                                   Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration1
          HK (IFRIC) 23                                   Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments2
          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
          3
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
          4
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                          67
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                        (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                              not yet adopted (continued)
                                                            None of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of
                                                            the Group, except the following set out below:

                                                            HKFRS 9, “Financial instruments”
                                                            HKFRS 9, “Financial instruments”, addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of
                                                            financial assets and financial liabilities. It replaces the guidance in HKAS 39 that relates to the
                                                            classification and measurement of financial instruments. HKFRS 9 retains but simplifies the mixed
                                                            measurement model and establishes three primary measurement categories for financial assets:
                                                            amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income and fair value through profit or loss.
                                                            The basis of classification depends on the entity’s business model and the contractual cash flow
                                                            characteristics of the financial asset. Investments in equity instruments are required to be measured
                                                            at fair value through profit or loss with the irrevocable option at inception to present changes in fair
                                                            value in other comprehensive income. Furthermore, under the new HKFRS 9, there is a new expected
                                                            credit losses model that replaces the incurred loss impairment model used in HKAS 39. Measurement
                                                            of impairment loss on trade receivable based on an expected credit losses model requires the use of
                                                            historical data as well as forward looking information. HKFRS 9 also relaxes the requirements for hedge
                                                            effectiveness but contemporaneous documentation is still required. Management is in the process of
                                                            assessing the impact of HKFRS 9.

                                                            HKFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
                                                            HKFRS 15 will replace HKAS 18 which deals with contracts for goods and services. HKFRS 15 is based
                                                            on the principle that revenue is recognised when control of a good or service transfers to a customer.
                                                            HKFRS 15 permits adoption using either the full retrospective approach or a modified retrospective
                                                            approach. The Group intends to use the modified approach when it adopts HKFRS 15 effective 1
                                                            July 2018, recognising the cumulative effect of applying HKFRS 15 to all contracts that had not been
                                                            completed at the beginning of the reporting period as an adjustment to the opening balance of
                                                            retained profits at the date of first-time adoption i.e. 1 July 2018.

                                                            While the Group is continuing to assess the effect of applying HKFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated
                                                            financial statements, the Group has identified a number of current revenue recognition policies and
                                                            disclosures that will be impacted by HKFRS 15. The most significant areas are discussed below.




68
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted (continued)
          HKFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (continued)
          HKFRS 15 will require the identification of deliverables in contracts with customers that qualify as
          separate “performance obligations”. The performance obligations identified will depend on the nature
          of individual customer contracts. These are expected to include mobile handsets, telecommunications
          and other equipment, gifts provided free of charge and telecommunications services provided to
          customers.

          Where customer contracts contain more than one performance obligation, the transaction price
          receivable from customers must be allocated between the Group’s performance obligations on a
          relative standalone selling price basis. The primary impact on revenue reporting will be that when
          the Group sells telecommunications or other equipment or subsidised mobile handsets together with
          gifts and telecommunications service agreements to customers, revenue allocated to the equipment,
          handsets and gifts, which are recognised at contract inception when control typically passes to the
          customer, will be recorded at their relative standalone selling prices and not using the current residual
          value method as set out in note 2(x)(iii). However, it is expected that there will be no impact on the
          total revenue to be recognised by the Group in the consolidated profit and loss account over the
          respective contract periods.

          Currently, the Group capitalises subsidised handsets as handset subsidies and amortises these amounts
          on a straight-line basis over the minimum enforceable contractual periods. Under HKFRS 15, the costs
          of subsidised handsets and gifts are required to be recognised as costs of goods sold immediately
          when the corresponding revenue is recognised, rather than the existing treatment of being charged
          to the consolidated profit and loss account through amortisation of customer acquisition costs. The
          total net profit recognised by the Group over the full contract period is not expected to be materially
          affected.

          The new revenue standard introduces specific criteria for determining whether to capitalise certain
          costs, distinguishing between those costs associated with obtaining a contract and those costs
          associated with fulfilling a contract. Currently, these costs are expensed as incurred. The accounting
          for some of these costs will change upon adoption of HKFRS 15. The new standard requires the
          incremental costs of obtaining contracts to be recognised as an asset when incurred, and amortised
          over the contract period. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that would not
          have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained (for example, sales commissions payable on




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
          obtaining a contract).




                                                                                                                         69
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                        (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                              not yet adopted (continued)
                                                            HKFRS 16, “Leases”
                                                            HKFRS 16 will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The new standard
                                                            provides a single, on balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees. It will result in almost all
                                                            leases being recognised by the lessee on the consolidated balance sheet, as the distinction between
                                                            operating and finance leases is removed. Under HKFRS 16, an asset (the right to use the leased
                                                            item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and
                                                            low-value leases. In addition, the nature of expenses related to those leases will now change as
                                                            HKFRS 16 replaces the straight-line operating lease expense with a depreciation charge for right-of-
                                                            use assets and interest expense on lease liabilities. With all other variables remain unchanged, the
                                                            new accounting treatment will lead to a higher EBITDA and EBIT. The combination of a straight-line
                                                            depreciation of the right-of-use asset and effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability
                                                            results in a decreasing “total lease expense” over the lease term. In the initial years of a lease, the
                                                            new standard will result in a profit and loss account expense which is higher than the straight-line
                                                            operating lease expense typically recognised under the current standard, and a lower expense after
                                                            the mid-term of the lease as the interest expense reduces. The Group’s profit after tax for a particular
                                                            year may be affected negatively or positively depending on the maturity of the Group’s overall lease
                                                            portfolio in that year.

                                                            As a lessee, the Group can either apply the standard using a full retrospective approach, or a modified
                                                            retrospective approach with optional practical expedients.

                                                            The transition accounting under the full retrospective approach requires entities to retrospectively
                                                            apply the new standard to each prior reporting period presented. Under this transition approach, an
                                                            entity will require extensive information about its leasing transactions in order to apply the standard
                                                            retrospectively. This will include historical information about lease payments and discount rates. It will
                                                            also include the historical information that the entity would have used in order to make the various
                                                            judgements and estimates that are necessary to apply the lessee accounting model. The information
                                                            will be required as at lease commencement, and also as at each date on which an entity would have
                                                            been required to recalculate lease assets and liabilities on a reassessment or modification of the lease.

                                                            In view of the costs and massive complexity involved of applying the full retrospective approach, the
                                                            Group is considering to adopt the modified retrospective approach. Under the modified retrospective
                                                            approach, (i) comparative information for prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial
                                                            application of HKFRS 16 is the first day of the annual reporting period in which the Group first applies
                                                            the requirement of HKFRS 16, i.e. 1 July 2019; and (iii) the Group recognises the cumulative effect
                                                            of initially applying the standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profit (or other
                                                            component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption, i.e. for the year beginning on 1 July
                                                            2019.




70
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted (continued)
            HKFRS 16, “Leases” (continued)
            The new standard will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The
            quantitative effect will depend on, inter alia, the transition method chosen, the extent to which the
            Group uses the practical expedients and recognition exemptions, and any additional leases that the
            Group enters into.

            There are no other new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            that are not yet effective which would be expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s results
            of operations and financial position.


   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
      (i)   Subsidiaries
            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
            controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
            with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
            of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
            Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

            Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
            are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
            impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
            necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

            Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
            consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
            statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

      (ii) Associates
            Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
            control. This is generally the case where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
            Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
            after initially being recognised at cost.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                           71
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
                                                        (iii) Equity accounting
                                                            Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                                                            thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                            profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                            in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a
                                                            reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                                                            When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                            the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                                                            losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                            Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                            of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                            provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                            investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                            Group.

                                                            The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                            policy described in note 2(j).

                                                        (iv) Changes in ownership interests
                                                            The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                                                            transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                                                            between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                                                            interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
                                                            interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
                                                            attributable to owners of the Group.

                                                            When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
                                                            control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
                                                            fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
                                                            initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
                                                            associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
                                                            income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
                                                            assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                                                            are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                                                            applicable HKFRSs.

                                                            If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
                                                            proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                                                            reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.




72
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (c) Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
      costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
      received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


   (d) Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision maker.

      The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
      performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions.


   (e) Foreign currency translation
      (i)   Functional and presentation currency
            Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
            the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
            currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (HK$), which is
            the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

      (ii) Transactions and balances
            Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
            at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
            such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
            currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

            Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings, held-to-maturity debt
            securities, pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are presented
            in the consolidated profit and loss account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains
            and losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account on a net basis within “other
            operating expenses”.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
            Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as available-for-
            sale, are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                         73
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (e) Foreign currency translation (continued)
                                                        (iii) Group companies
                                                              The results and financial position of all the foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                              hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                              are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                              •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                   of that balance sheet,

                                                              •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                   are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                   cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                   expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                                                              •    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                                                   (f) Intangible assets
                                                        Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortisation (where
                                                        the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

                                                        (i)   Mobile licence fees
                                                              Spectrum utilisation fees represent the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
                                                              telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
                                                              present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,
                                                              together with the related obligations. Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over the
                                                              remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

                                                              The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments
                                                              represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being
                                                              ready for its intended use, is capitalised as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
                                                              borrowing costs as set out in note 2(s). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
                                                              use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
                                                              they are incurred.

                                                              Variable annual payments are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.

                                                        (ii) Handset subsidies
                                                              Handset subsidies provided to customers are deferred and amortised on a straight-line basis over the
                                                              minimum enforceable contractual periods. In the event that a customer terminates the contract prior
                                                              to the end of the minimum enforceable contractual period, the unamortised handset subsidies will be
                                                              written off.




74
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (g) Fixed assets
      Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
      Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
      appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
      the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
      accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
      charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
      over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
      Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
      Network and testing equipment                                                                      10%–50%
      Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                                20%–33 1/3%
      Other fixed assets                                                                              20%–33 1/3%

      The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
      cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

      No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
      therein.

      Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.

      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
      reporting period.

      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
      amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
      included in profit or loss.


   (h) Leasehold land and land use rights



                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      Leasehold land and land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
      Cost represents upfront prepayments made for the rights to use the land on which various plants and
      buildings are situated for periods varying from 10 to 50 years. Amortisation of leasehold land and land use
      rights is expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the
      lease or when there is impairment, the impairment is expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account.


   (i) Leases
      Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not transferred to the Group
      as lessee are classified as operating leases (note 32). Payments made under operating leases (net of any
      incentives received from the lessor) are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of
      the lease.

                                                                                                                            75
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
                                                        Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
                                                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
                                                        value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                                                        at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
                                                        of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other
                                                        than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end
                                                        of each reporting period.


                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                                        (i)   Classification
                                                              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

                                                              •     loans and receivables,

                                                              •     held-to-maturity debt securities, and

                                                              •     available-for-sale financial assets

                                                              The classification depends on the purpose for which the investments were acquired. Management
                                                              determines the classification of its investments at initial recognition and, in the case of assets classified as
                                                              held-to-maturity, re-evaluates this designation at the end of each reporting period.

                                                              (a)   Loans and receivables
                                                                    Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
                                                                    are not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less
                                                                    they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. The Group’s
                                                                    loans and receivables comprise “trade and other receivables”, “deposits”, “bank deposits” and
                                                                    “cash and cash equivalents” in the consolidated balance sheet.

                                                              (b)   Held-to-maturity debt securities
                                                                    The Group classifies investments as held-to-maturity if:

                                                                    •    they are non-derivative financial assets

                                                                    •    they are quoted in an active market

                                                                    •    they have fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities

                                                                    •    the Group intends to, and is able to, hold them to maturity.

                                                                    Held-to-maturity financial assets are included in non-current assets, except for those with
                                                                    maturities less than 12 months from the end of the reporting period, which would be classified as
                                                                    current assets.



76
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      (i)   Classification (continued)
            (c)   Available-for-sale financial assets
                  Investments are designated as available-for-sale financial assets if they do not have fixed
                  maturities and fixed or determinable payments, and management intends to hold them for the
                  medium to long-term. Financial assets that are not classified into any of the other categories (loans
                  and receivables or held-to-maturity debt securities) are also included in the available-for-sale
                  category.

                  The financial assets are presented as non-current assets unless they mature, or management
                  intends to dispose of them within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.


      (ii) Recognition and derecognition
            Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date, the date on
            which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
            rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
            Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

            When securities classified as available-for-sale are sold, the accumulated fair value adjustments
            recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss as gains and losses from
            investment securities.

      (iii) Measurement
            At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
            financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to
            the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through
            profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

            Loans and receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities are subsequently carried at amortised cost
            using the effective interest method.

            Available-for-sale financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value. Gains or losses arising from
            changes in the fair value for available-for-sale financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive
            income.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
            Dividends on available-for-sale financial assets are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
            to receive payments is established.

            Interest on available-for-sale financial assets, held-to-maturity debt securities and loans and receivables
            calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account
            as finance income.




                                                                                                                               77
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (l) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                        currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                                        on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                        arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                        in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                   (m) Impairment of financial assets
                                                        The Group assesses at each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset
                                                        or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired and
                                                        impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more
                                                        events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a “loss event”) and that loss event (or events)
                                                        has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of financial assets that
                                                        can be reliably estimated. In the case of equity investments classified as available-for-sale, a significant or
                                                        prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is considered an indicator that the assets
                                                        are impaired.

                                                        Assets carried at amortised cost
                                                        For loans and receivables, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying
                                                        amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have not
                                                        been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of
                                                        the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised in profit or loss. If a loan or held-to-maturity
                                                        investment has a variable interest rate, the discount rate for measuring any impairment loss is the current
                                                        effective interest rate determined under the contract. As a practical expedient, the Group may measure
                                                        impairment on the basis of an instrument’s fair value using an observable market price.

                                                        If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related
                                                        objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such as an improvement in the
                                                        debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised impairment loss is recognised in profit or
                                                        loss.

                                                        Assets classified as available-for-sale
                                                        If there is objective evidence of impairment for available-for-sale financial assets, the cumulative loss –
                                                        measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss
                                                        on that financial asset previously recognised in profit or loss – is removed from equity and recognised in
                                                        profit or loss.

                                                        Impairment losses on equity instruments that were recognised in profit or loss are not reversed through
                                                        profit or loss in a subsequent period.




78
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (n) Inventories
      Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
      Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
      ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


   (o) Trade and other receivables
      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
      course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
      classified as current.

      Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
      the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(k) for further information about
      the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and note 2(m) for a description of the Group’s impairment
      policies.


   (p) Cash and cash equivalents
      For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash at
      bank and in hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments
      with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and
      which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


   (q) Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
      deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the
      consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted
      from equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where
      such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable
      incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the
      Company’s equity holders.


   (r) Trade and other payables



                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
      financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
      as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
      recognised initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortised costs using the effective
      interest method.




                                                                                                                            79
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (s) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                                                        settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                                                        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                        production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                        prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                        period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                        on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                                                        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   (t) Current and deferred income tax
                                                        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                                                        based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                        liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                        (i)   Current income tax
                                                              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                              enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries and the
                                                              associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken
                                                              in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
                                                              It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax
                                                              authorities.




80
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (t) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
      (ii) Deferred income tax
           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
           affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
           (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
           expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
           liability is settled.

           Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
           utilise those temporary differences and losses.

           Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
           amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
           the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
           reverse in the foreseeable future.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
           tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
           Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
           and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
           in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


   (u) Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
      events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
      can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
      not recognised for future operating losses.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
      settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
      be small.

      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
      to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
      present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
      risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
      expense.




                                                                                                                               81
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (v) Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not recognised
                                                              until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company after certain adjustments.
                                                              The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that
                                                              has created a constructive obligation.

                                                        (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                              The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                                              for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                              schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                              Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
                                                              as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognised
                                                              as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
                                                              are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                              available.

                                                              The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                              contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                              employee service in the current and prior periods.

                                                        (iv) Share-based payments
                                                              Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share option scheme and share
                                                              award scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 30. The Group operates equity-
                                                              settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
                                                              consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

                                                              Share option scheme
                                                              The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised
                                                              as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
                                                              by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
                                                              (for example, an entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding
                                                              the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability
                                                              and sales growth targets). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of
                                                              the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market performance and service
                                                              conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the consolidated
                                                              profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


82
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (v) Employee benefits (continued)
      (iv) Share-based payments (continued)
           Share option scheme (continued)
           When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
           directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

           The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
           undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
           received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
           an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
           financial statements.

           Share award scheme
           Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
           value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognised as an
           expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
           reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognised
           over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
           satisfied.

           The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
           treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognised
           over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
           equity in the parent entity financial statements.


   (w) Contingent assets and liabilities
      A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
      only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
      the Group.

      Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
      inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognised.

      A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
      confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
      because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
      cannot be measured reliably.

      A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
      change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a
      provision.




                                                                                                                         83
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (x) Revenue recognition
                                                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
                                                        and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                        discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                        The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                        future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                        activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                        consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                        Revenue is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:

                                                        (i)   Sales of goods
                                                              Revenue from the sales of goods is recognised on the transfer of risks and rewards of ownership,
                                                              which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and title has
                                                              passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                        (ii) Provision of services
                                                              Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                              and facilities and is recognised when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                              service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under deferred income.

                                                        (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                              For bundled transactions involving provision of mobile telecommunication services and sale of devices,
                                                              the Group has adopted a residual value method by first determining the fair value of the service
                                                              component and the remaining consideration would be allocated to the remaining components
                                                              delivered to the customers (i.e. devices).

                                                        (iv) Interest income
                                                              Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method. When a
                                                              receivable is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the
                                                              estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate of the instrument, and
                                                              continuously unwind the discount as interest income.

                                                        (v) Dividend income
                                                              Dividends are recognised as revenue when the right to receive payment is established. This applies
                                                              even if they are paid out of pre-acquisition profits. However, the investment may need to be tested for
                                                              impairment as a consequence.




84
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (y) Dividend distribution
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial
        statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.


   (z) Financial guarantee
        A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder
        for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the
        terms of a debt instrument. The Group recognises financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and
        performs a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
        guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
        or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
        entire difference is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.


   (aa) Related parties
        For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the
        Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the
        party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are
        subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals including
        key management or other entities.


3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
   The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
   equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
   policies.

   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
   including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
   reasonable under the circumstances.


   (a) Revenue recognition
        For bundled transactions involving provision of mobile telecommunication services and sale of devices, the
        Group has adopted a residual value method by first determining the fair value of the service component and
        the remaining consideration would be allocated to the remaining components delivered to the customers (i.e.
        devices). The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement in relation to estimating the fair value of




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
        undelivered element.




                                                                                                                                85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                        The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                        annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
                                                        each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
                                                        estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
                                                        economic utilisation and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
                                                        time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
                                                        the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
                                                        Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                        unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                        trends and rapid advancement in technology.


                                                   (c) Impairment of assets
                                                        At each balance sheet date, the Group performs an impairment assessment of fixed assets and intangible
                                                        assets.

                                                        Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
                                                        (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
                                                        be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
                                                        projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
                                                        selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
                                                        the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
                                                        financial condition and results of operations.


                                                   (d) Current and deferred income tax
                                                        The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
                                                        determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
                                                        were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
                                                        in the period in which such determination is made.

                                                        The Group has exercised its critical judgement in determining the taxability of certain income and
                                                        deductibility of certain payments in assessing the Group’s current and deferred taxation, which are revisited
                                                        from time to time. In prior years, the Group had taken the position in the past to treat the one-off upfront
                                                        payments for spectrum utilisation fees as tax-deductible on the same basis as for annual payments.
                                                        Commencing from the year ended 30 June 2014, in light of the uncertainty of the outcome of the tax
                                                        deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fee by the Inland Revenue Department (“IRD”), the payment has
                                                        been treated as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis, and an under-provision for current income
                                                        tax of approximately $250 million and reversal of deferred tax of approximately $228 million was recorded
                                                        for the year ended 30 June 2014. While the Group will vigorously defend its position and pursue tax
                                                        deduction for the one-off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation, should the IRD decide to treat the one-
                                                        off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation fees as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis and this
                                                        view be upheld, the Group effective tax rate in subsequent years is also likely to be higher than 16.5%.




86
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management
  This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
  financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
  context.

  Risk                                  Exposure arising from                                 Measurement

  Market risk –                         Future commercial transactions                        Cash flow forecasting
   foreign exchange                     Recognised financial assets and liabilities not       Sensitivity analysis
                                          denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
  Market risk – interest rate           Long-term borrowings at variable rates                Sensitivity analysis
  Market risk – security prices         Investments in equity securities                      Sensitivity analysis
  Credit risk                           Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and      Aging analysis
                                          held-to-maturity debt securities                    Credit ratings
  Liquidity risk                        Borrowings and other liabilities                      Projected cash flow
                                                                                                analysis

  The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimise
  the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
  financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


  (a) Financial risk factors
         (i)   Market risk
               The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
               There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

               Foreign exchange risk
               Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities
               denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
               with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will
               impact the Group’s operating results.

               Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
               currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                              87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Exposure
                                                              The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, expressed in Hong
                                                              Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                                                           USD                USD
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                              Held-to-maturity debt securities                                          566,691           712,084
                                                              Available-for-sale financial assets                                         6,646              8,012
                                                              Trade receivables                                                          24,456            35,440
                                                              Other receivables                                                           3,761              1,629
                                                              Short-term bank deposits                                                   93,770           124,893
                                                              Cash and cash equivalents                                               1,478,153           745,934
                                                              Bank and other borrowings                                              (1,921,845)       (2,176,934)
                                                              Trade payables                                                           (325,349)          (92,388)
                                                              Other payables and accruals                                               (23,686)            (8,305)

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange
                                                              rates. The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from US-dollar
                                                              denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                              US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                          (974)            (6,496)
                                                              US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                           974              6,496

                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank and other
            borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk which is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings
            and held-to-maturity debt securities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate
            risk.

            The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as
            follows:

                                                        2018     % of total               2017          % of total
                                                        $000    borrowings                $000         borrowings

            Variable rate borrowings                 508,536            21%            513,751               19%
            Fixed rate borrowings                  1,921,845            79%          2,176,934               81%


                                                   2,430,381          100%           2,690,685              100%

            An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
            the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
            borrowings.

            Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
            on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                   Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                                        $000             $000

            Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points *                             11,953              7,555
            Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points *                            (11,953)            (7,555)

            *    Holding all other variables constant




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                          89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as available-for-sale financial assets (note 20). The available-for-sale financial assets are
                                                              stated at fair values based on the net asset value per unit of the respective funds as determined by
                                                              the managers of the relevant funds. The Group manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price
                                                              movements and the change in market conditions that may affect the values of these investments.

                                                              At 30 June 2018, if the fair value of the available-for-sale financial assets had increased or decreased
                                                              by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment revaluation reserve of the Group
                                                              would increase or decrease by approximately $665,000 (2017: $801,000).

                                                        (ii) Credit risk
                                                              The Group’s holding of cash and bank balances and held-to-maturity debt securities expose the
                                                              Group to credit risk of the counterparties. The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance
                                                              of its counterparties by monitoring their credit ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that
                                                              are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by
                                                              placing deposits with credit worthy banks and financial institutions or investing in held-to-maturity
                                                              debt securities in accordance with the mandates as approved by the Board of Directors.

                                                              The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
                                                              Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
                                                              does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

                                                        (iii) Liquidity risk
                                                              Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
                                                              from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

                                                              The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
                                                              cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
                                                              funding requirements could be met.

                                                              The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
                                                              meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.




90
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
           The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
           their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

           The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
           12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                     Total
           Contractual maturities of          1 year    1 year to   2 years to        Over    contractual    Carrying
           financial liabilities              or less     2 years      5 years      5 years    cash flows     amount
                                               $000         $000         $000         $000           $000        $000

           At 30 June 2018
           Trade payables                    521,620           –            –            –       521,620      521,620
           Other payables and accruals       754,180           –            –            –       754,180      754,180
           Bank and other borrowings
             (include interest payable)      223,287     518,792    2,044,874       30,234     2,817,187     2,430,381
           Mobile licence fee liabilities     62,350      62,350      100,630            –       225,330       188,032


           Total                            1,561,437    581,142    2,145,504       30,234     4,318,317     3,894,213


           At 30 June 2017
           Trade payables                    357,393           –            –             –      357,393       357,393
           Other payables and accruals       791,382           –            –             –      791,382       791,382
           Bank and other borrowings         217,556     215,226    1,018,266     1,697,092    3,148,140     2,690,685
           Mobile licence fee liabilities     62,350      62,350      162,980             –      287,680       227,926


           Total                            1,428,681    277,576    1,181,246     1,697,092    4,584,595     4,067,386



   (b) Capital management
      The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to:

      •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, and

      •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company, comprising share
      capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
      optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
      Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.




                                                                                                                            91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Capital management (continued)
                                                        The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
                                                        total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance
                                                        sheet less cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and short-term pledged bank deposits.

                                                                                                                                           2018               2017
                                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                        Net debt                                                                        602,275         1,416,612
                                                        Total equity                                                                  4,831,724         4,634,297

                                                        Net debt to equity ratio                                                           12%                31%



                                                   (c) Fair value estimation
                                                        This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
                                                        instruments that are recognised and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
                                                        indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
                                                        financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
                                                        each level follows underneath the table.

                                                        The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 30 June 2018 and 2017.

                                                                                                   Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                     $000               $000               $000              $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                          (note 20)

                                                        At 30 June 2018                                   –             6,646                  –             6,646


                                                        At 30 June 2017                                   –             8,012                  –             8,012

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.




92
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
       Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
       and trading and available-for-sale securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting
       period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These
       instruments are included in level 1.

       Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
       the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
       market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
       value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

       Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
       included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.

       See note 20(b) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
       no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

       All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


5 Segment reporting
   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
   resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
   the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
   tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                                93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segment is set out as follows:


                                                   (a) Segment results
                                                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                                                                             Hong Kong               Macau       Elimination       Consolidated
                                                                                                  $000                 $000            $000                $000

                                                        External revenue                       9,280,864            707,628                 –         9,988,492
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                    563,782              6,533          (570,315)                –


                                                        Total revenue                          9,844,646            714,161          (570,315)        9,988,492


                                                        EBITDA #                               2,114,864             21,350                  –        2,136,214
                                                        Depreciation, amortisation and
                                                          loss on disposal                     (1,241,002)          (48,799)               28        (1,289,773)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                  873,862            (27,449)               28          846,441


                                                        Finance income                                                                                   61,423
                                                        Finance costs                                                                                  (120,909)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                       786,955


                                                        Other information
                                                        Additions to fixed assets                543,895             19,324                  –         563,219
                                                        Additions to intangible assets           506,585              8,379                  –         514,964
                                                        Depreciation                             609,991             37,910                (15)        647,886
                                                        Amortisation of leasehold land
                                                          and land use rights                        672                  –                  –             672
                                                        Amortisation of intangible assets        615,701             10,364                  –         626,065
                                                        Loss on disposal of fixed assets          14,638                525                (13)         15,150
                                                        Impairment loss of trade
                                                          receivables                               9,196             1,615                  –           10,811
                                                        (Reversal of impairment loss)/
                                                          impairment loss of inventories           (2,932)              477                  –           (2,455)




94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                   For the year ended 30 June 2017
                                                  Hong Kong                 Macau        Elimination              Consolidated
                                                       $000                  $000              $000                      $000

      External revenue                             8,323,253               392,159                    –             8,715,412
      Inter-segment revenue                          253,060                 7,347             (260,407)                    –


      Total revenue                                8,576,313               399,506             (260,407)            8,715,412


      EBITDA #                                     2,263,047                33,215                      –           2,296,262
      Depreciation, amortisation and
        loss on disposal                          (1,310,142)              (57,493)                    18          (1,367,617)


      Operating profit/(loss)                        952,905               (24,278)                    18             928,645


      Finance income                                                                                                   51,774
      Finance costs                                                                                                  (137,220)


      Profit before income tax                                                                                        843,199


      Other information
      Additions to fixed assets                      492,462                21,073                      –             513,535
      Additions to intangible assets               2,557,544                12,001                      –           2,569,545
      Depreciation                                   628,201                41,747                    (17)            669,931
      Amortisation of leasehold land
        and land use rights                              638                     –                      –                 638
      Amortisation of intangible assets              679,229                13,484                      –             692,713
      Loss on disposal of fixed assets                 2,074                 2,262                     (1)              4,335
      Impairment loss of trade
        receivables                                    17,407                 1,147                     –              18,554
      (Reversal of impairment loss)/
        impairment loss of inventories                  (3,642)                 366                     –               (3,276)




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by the relevant parties
      and are eliminated on consolidation.

      #
           EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal.




                                                                                                                                     95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                                                            At 30 June 2018
                                                                                                  Hong Kong                 Macau      Unallocated         Consolidated
                                                                                                       $000                  $000             $000                 $000

                                                        Segment assets                              8,886,222              300,660           831,244             10,018,126


                                                        Segment liabilities                        (4,479,696)             (123,609)        (583,097)            (5,186,402)

                                                                                                                             At 30 June 2017
                                                                                                   Hong Kong                 Macau        Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                                                                        $000                  $000              $000               $000

                                                        Segment assets                              8,435,773              361,226           978,591              9,775,590


                                                        Segment liabilities                        (4,453,512)             (151,701)        (536,080)            (5,141,293)

                                                        The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial investments and deferred
                                                        income tax assets located in Hong Kong is $6,397,256,000 (2017: $6,565,670,000), and the total of these
                                                        non-current assets located in Macau is $218,776,000 (2017: $239,913,000).

                                                        Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificate, interest in an associate, financial investments and
                                                        deferred income tax assets.

                                                        Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax liabilities.


                                               6 Staff costs
                                                                                                                                                 2018                 2017
                                                                                                                                                 $000                 $000

                                                   Wages and salaries                                                                        635,062               648,445
                                                   Bonuses                                                                                    43,420                39,154
                                                   Contributions to defined contribution plans *                                              39,547                40,857
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                        2,304                 4,291


                                                                                                                                             720,333               732,747

                                                   *    Net of forfeited contributions of $1,504,000 (2017: $1,008,000).




96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




7 Finance income
                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Interest income from listed debt securities                                         29,792            40,820
  Interest income from bank deposits                                                  29,353            10,275
  Gain on disposal of listed debt securities                                           1,391                45
  Gain on repurchase of guaranteed notes                                                  12                 –
  Accretion income                                                                       875               634


                                                                                      61,423            51,774

  Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
  effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the year.


8 Finance costs
                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                    Notes               $000              $000

  Interest expense
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        88,784            96,008
  Bank charges for credit card instalment                                              7,621             2,692
  Accretion expenses
     Mobile licence fee liabilities                                  28               22,456            31,688
     Asset retirement obligations                                                      1,467             1,413
  Net exchange loss on financing activities                          13                  581             5,419


                                                                                     120,909           137,220

  Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement obligations due
  to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of the
  liabilities at the beginning of the year.




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                       97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               9 Profit before income tax




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                                                         Notes          $000            $000

                                                   Charging:
                                                   Operating lease rentals for land and buildings, transmission sites
                                                     and leased lines                                                               1,062,290      1,043,465
                                                   Impairment loss of trade receivables                                       22       10,811         18,554
                                                   Auditor’s remuneration
                                                     – Audit services                                                                  2,519           2,527
                                                     – Non-audit services                                                              1,071             986
                                                   Net exchange loss                                                          13       8,871           5,449
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                   15,150           4,335
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and land use rights                  648,558         670,569
                                                   Amortisation of handset subsidies                                          21     340,595         436,448
                                                   Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                        21     285,470         256,265

                                                   Crediting:
                                                   Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                                 24       2,455           3,276


                                               10 Income tax expense
                                                   This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
                                                   assessable and non-deductible items.


                                                   (a) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                                                                        $000            $000

                                                        Current income tax
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                      187,590         170,674
                                                          Overseas tax                                                                 1,374           1,323
                                                        Under/(over)-provision in prior years
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                        1,280           (1,638)
                                                          Overseas tax                                                                     1           (3,187)


                                                        Total current income tax expense                                             190,245         167,172


                                                        Deferred income tax
                                                        Decrease in deferred income tax assets (note 23(a))                               588            367
                                                        (Decrease)/increase in deferred income tax liabilities (note 23(b))           (11,030)         9,892


                                                        Total deferred income tax (benefit)/expense                                   (10,442)        10,259


                                                        Income tax expense                                                           179,803         177,431


98
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Income tax expense (continued)
   (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax
       payable
                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                         $000               $000

      Profit before income tax expense                                                786,955           843,199


      Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2017: 16.5%)                            129,848           139,128
      Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in
        calculating taxable income:
        Interest income                                                                 (5,809)           (3,953)
        Net exchange (gain)/loss                                                          (343)              916
        Others                                                                             209                48


        Subtotal                                                                      123,905           136,139
      Difference in overseas tax rates                                                  1,554              1,466
      Under/(over)-provision in prior years                                             1,281             (4,825)
      Tax loss not recognised                                                           9,599              3,183
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                   (85)            (2,220)
      Temporary differences not recognised                                             43,549            43,688


      Income tax expense                                                              179,803           177,431


   (c) Tax losses
                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                         $000               $000

      Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset
        has been recognised                                                           149,632             83,405


      Potential tax benefit                                                            20,506             10,917

      The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not likely to generate sufficient profits in the
      foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward indefinitely




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      and have no expiry date. For a subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an expiry period of
      three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.




                                                                                                                         99
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                11 Five highest paid individuals




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Of the five highest paid individuals, three (2017: three) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 35.
                                                    The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two (2017: two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              7,199              5,114
                                                    Bonuses                                                                                1,009                624
                                                    Retirement scheme contributions                                                          324                266
                                                    Share-based payments                                                                       3                  –
                                                    Compensation for loss of office
                                                      – contractual payments                                                                    –               706
                                                      – other payment                                                                           –             1,412


                                                                                                                                           8,535              8,122

                                                    The emoluments of the two (2017: two) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                                                                     Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                                     Individuals         Individuals

                                                    $3,500,001 – $4,000,000                                                                     1                  1
                                                    $4,000,001 – $4,500,000                                                                     1                  1


                                                                                                                                                2                  2


                                                12 Employee retirement benefits
                                                    The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
                                                    (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets
                                                    of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s
                                                    management.

                                                    Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
                                                    of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
                                                    contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
                                                    at 30 June 2018, all available forfeited contributions had been utilised by the Group to reduce its contributions
                                                    payable (2017: same).

                                                    The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in
                                                    December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
                                                    employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
                                                    subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2017: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
                                                    immediately.




100
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




13 Net exchange loss
  The exchange differences charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                         $000               $000

  Other operating expenses                                                               8,290                30
  Finance costs (note 8)                                                                   581             5,419


                                                                                         8,871             5,449


14 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

       •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the company

       •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                        Cents              Cents

       Total basic earnings per share attributable to
         the equity holders of the Company                                                55.4              61.7


  (b) Diluted earnings per share
       Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
       into account:

       •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
            assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                        Cents              Cents

       Total diluted earnings per share attributable to




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
         the equity holders of the Company                                                55.4              61.7




                                                                                                                         101
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                14 Earnings per share (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                         Profit attributable to the equity holders of
                                                           the Company used in calculating basic earnings per share and
                                                           diluted earnings per share                                                      615,243            672,102


                                                    (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                                                             2018                2017
                                                                                                                                           Number              Number

                                                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
                                                          the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share and
                                                          diluted earnings per share                                                1,110,194,100      1,088,507,398


                                                15 Dividends
                                                                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                    Interim dividend, paid, of 18 cents
                                                       (2017: 27 cents) per fully paid share                                               200,336            294,130
                                                    Final dividend, proposed, of 23 cents
                                                       (2017: 33 cents) per fully paid share                                               257,903            364,789


                                                                                                                                           458,239            658,919

                                                    For the dividends attributable to the years ended 30 June 2018 and 2017, scrip dividend elections were offered
                                                    to shareholders. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’ election to receive shares are set out in note
                                                    29.

                                                    At a meeting held on 5 September 2018, the directors proposed a final dividend of 23 cents per fully paid share.
                                                    This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be reflected as
                                                    an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2019.

                                                    The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
                                                    financial statements.




102
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




16 Leasehold land and land use rights
  The Group’s interests in leasehold land and land use rights represent prepaid operating lease payments and their
  net book values are analysed as follows:

                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                         $000              $000

  At 1 July                                                                            11,383            12,264
  Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights                                     (672)             (638)
  Exchange differences                                                                    604              (243)


  At 30 June                                                                           11,315            11,383




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                        103
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                17 Fixed assets




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                          Computer,
                                                                                                                          billing and
                                                                                                              Network           office                    Network
                                                                                  Leasehold                 and testing    telephone     Other fixed         under
                                                                               improvements     Buildings   equipment     equipment          assets    construction        Total
                                                                                      $000          $000          $000          $000          $000            $000         $000

                                                    At 1 July 2016
                                                    Cost                           246,018      156,794      6,819,167      962,287        126,078        424,208      8,734,552
                                                    Accumulated depreciation      (201,880)      (17,833)   (4,359,516)    (831,572)        (87,759)            –     (5,498,560)


                                                    Net book amount                 44,138      138,961     2,459,651       130,715         38,319        424,208     3,235,992


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2017
                                                    Opening net book amount          44,138     138,961     2,459,651       130,715         38,319         424,208    3,235,992
                                                    Exchange differences                 (91)      (106)            –            78            (17)              –         (136)
                                                    Additions                        11,067           –        18,369        65,524          3,532         415,043      513,535
                                                    Reclassifications                      –          –       520,063             –               –       (520,063)           –
                                                    Disposals                              –          –        (5,362)         (306)             (4)        (2,063)      (7,735)
                                                    Depreciation                    (19,115)     (4,343)     (568,256)      (70,290)        (7,927)              –     (669,931)


                                                    Closing net book amount         35,999      134,512     2,424,465       125,721         33,903        317,125     3,071,725


                                                    At 30 June 2017
                                                    Cost                           250,245      156,648      7,264,375    1,025,126        124,884        317,125      9,138,403
                                                    Accumulated depreciation      (214,246)      (22,136)   (4,839,910)    (899,405)        (90,981)            –     (6,066,678)


                                                    Net book amount                 35,999      134,512     2,424,465       125,721         33,903        317,125     3,071,725


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2018
                                                    Opening net book amount         35,999      134,512     2,424,465       125,721         33,903         317,125    3,071,725
                                                    Exchange differences               201          263             –             7             28               –          499
                                                    Additions                       11,984            –         6,588        79,530          8,979         456,138      563,219
                                                    Reclassifications                    –            –       495,843             –              –        (495,843)           –
                                                    Disposals                            –            –       (14,843)           (3)           (96)         (1,935)     (16,877)
                                                    Depreciation                   (16,758)      (4,360)     (540,350)      (79,817)        (6,601)              –     (647,886)


                                                    Closing net book amount         31,426      130,415     2,371,703       125,438         36,213        275,485     2,970,680


                                                    At 30 June 2018
                                                    Cost                           260,442      157,035      7,516,246    1,103,797        131,284        275,485      9,444,289
                                                    Accumulated depreciation      (229,016)     (26,620)    (5,144,543)    (978,359)       (95,071)             –     (6,473,609)


                                                    Net book amount                 31,426      130,415     2,371,703       125,438         36,213        275,485     2,970,680

                                                    At 30 June 2018, buildings with a carrying amount of $77,620,000 (2017: $80,059,000) were pledged as
                                                    security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 27).



104
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                       Place of             Principal activities                        Particulars of issued             Group equity
  Name                 incorporation        and place of operation                      share capital                       interest
                                                                                                                          2018           2017

  SmarTone (BVI)       The British Virgin   Investment holding and group financing      1,000 ordinary shares             100%           100%
    Limited *             Islands (“BVI”)      in BVI                                      of US$1 each
                                                                                        US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile      Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares       100%           100%
    Communications                             handsets and accessories in Hong Kong       of $1 each
    Limited                                                                             $100,000,000

  SmarTone             Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares                 100%           100%
    Communications                             Hong Kong                                   of $1 each
    Limited                                                                             $2

  SmarTone Finance     BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in Hong        1 ordinary share                  100%           100%
    Limited                                     Kong                                       of US$1 each
                                                                                        US$1

  SmarTone-            Macau                Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares                    72%            72%
    Comunicações                               handsets and accessories in Macau           of MOP100 each
    Móveis, S.A.                                                                        MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務            The People’s         Provision of customer support services      Registered capital                100%           100%
   有限公司                   Republic of          and telemarketing services in Mainland      of $27,400,000
                          China                China

  *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.

  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.


19 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                 2018                2017




                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
                                                                                                                 $000                $000

  Share of net assets                                                                                                 3                    3

  During the year ended 30 June 2018, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2017:
  same).




                                                                                                                                                   105
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                19 Interest in an associate (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                        Place of              Principal activities          Particulars of issued
                                                    Name                incorporation         and place of operation        shares held                         Interest held
                                                                                                                                                                2018            2017

                                                    New Top Finance     BVI                   Investment holding in BVI     375 ordinary shares of             37.5%        37.5%
                                                      Limited                                                                  US$1 each

                                                    The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                    immaterial to the Group.

                                                    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                                20 Financial investments
                                                                                                                                                       2018                 2017
                                                                                                                                                       $000                 $000

                                                    Non-current assets
                                                    Held-to-maturity debt securities (a)                                                             486,599           672,528


                                                    Current assets
                                                    Available-for-sale financial assets (b)                                                            6,646              8,012
                                                    Held-to-maturity debt securities (a)                                                              80,092             39,556


                                                                                                                                                      86,738             47,568


                                                                                                                                                     573,337           720,096


                                                    (a) Held-to-maturity debt securities

                                                                                                                                                       2018                 2017
                                                                                                                                                       $000                 $000

                                                           At 1 July                                                                              712,084               870,127
                                                           Amortisation                                                                            (5,103)               (10,249)
                                                           Disposal                                                                              (143,461)             (152,145)
                                                           Exchange differences                                                                     3,171                  4,351


                                                           At 30 June                                                                                566,691           712,084




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Financial investments (continued)
   (a) Held-to-maturity debt securities (continued)
      An analysis on held-to-maturity debt securities is as follows:

                                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                                            $000            $000

      Listed debt securities, outside Hong Kong                                        41,147           121,966
      Listed debt securities, Hong Kong                                               525,544           590,118


                                                                                      566,691           712,084


      Market value of listed debt securities                                          557,831           715,494

      The fair value of held-to-maturity debt securities is based on quoted market price.

      The held-to-maturity debt securities are denominated in US dollars.

      During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group has recognised a gain on disposal of held-to-maturity debt
      securities of $1,391,000 upon exercise of call option by issuers (2017: $45,000).

      None of these financial assets are either past due or impaired. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the
      reporting date is the carrying amount of the held-to-maturity financial assets.


   (b) Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                                            $000            $000

      At 1 July                                                                          8,012            10,977
      Fair value loss transferred to equity                                             (1,366)           (2,965)


      At 30 June                                                                            6,646          8,012

      The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
      dollars.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
      The available-for-sale financial assets are stated at fair value based on the net asset value per unit of the
      respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The fair values are within level 2 of the
      fair value hierarchy (note 4(c)).

      None of these financial assets are impaired.




                                                                                                                         107
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                21 Intangible assets




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                            Handset         Mobile
                                                                                                                           subsidies   licence fees        Total
                                                                                                                              $000            $000         $000

                                                    At 1 July 2016
                                                    Cost                                                                 1,919,351      2,492,108      4,411,459
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                            (1,467,201)    (1,187,145)    (2,654,346)


                                                    Net book amount                                                        452,150      1,304,963     1,757,113


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2017
                                                    Opening net book amount                                                 452,150     1,304,963     1,757,113
                                                    Additions                                                               282,345     2,287,200     2,569,545
                                                    Amortisation *                                                         (436,448)     (256,265)     (692,713)
                                                    Disposal                                                                 (2,546)            –        (2,546)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                                295,501      3,335,898     3,631,399


                                                    At 30 June 2017
                                                    Cost                                                                 1,101,738      4,103,521      5,205,259
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                              (806,237)      (767,623)    (1,573,860)


                                                    Net book amount                                                        295,501      3,335,898     3,631,399


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2018
                                                    Opening net book amount                                                295,501      3,335,898     3,631,399
                                                    Additions                                                              514,964              –       514,964
                                                    Amortisation *                                                        (340,595)      (285,470)     (626,065)
                                                    Disposal                                                                (3,396)             –        (3,396)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                                466,474      3,050,428     3,516,902


                                                    At 30 June 2018
                                                    Cost                                                                 1,609,148      4,103,521      5,712,669
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                            (1,142,674)    (1,053,093)    (2,195,767)


                                                    Net book amount                                                        466,474      3,050,428     3,516,902

                                                    *    Included handset subsidies written off of $4,335,000 (2017: $3,327,000).




108
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




21 Intangible assets (continued)
   In assessing whether intangible assets have suffered any impairment, the carrying value of the intangible assets
   is compared with its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to dispose and
   value in use. The recoverable amounts are determined by utilising cash flow projections based on the latest
   approved budgets for 5 years discounted to present value at a discount rate of 8.1% (2017: 7.7%). The Group
   prepared the budgets reflecting current and prior year performances, market development expectations and
   where available and relevant, observable market data. There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved
   for the preparation of the budget and cash flow projections. Key assumptions include the expected growth in
   revenue, gross margin, operating costs, future capital expenditures, dividend payout ratio and growth rates.
   A reasonably possible change in a key assumption would not cause the recoverable amount to fall below the
   carrying value of the intangible assets. The results of the tests undertaken as at 30 June 2018 and 2017 indicated
   no impairment charge was necessary.


22 Trade and other receivables
                                               2018                                         2017
                                                  Non-                                          Non-
                                 Current        current          Total        Current         current         Total
                                   $000           $000           $000           $000            $000          $000

   Trade receivables             372,791              –        372,791       334,302               –       334,302
   Provision for impairment       (8,034)             –         (8,034)       (12,852)             –        (12,852)


                                 364,757              –        364,757       321,450               –       321,450
   Other receivables              43,645              –         43,645        47,002               –        47,002


                                 408,402              –        408,402       368,452               –       368,452
   Deposits                       77,950         72,220        150,170        91,209          61,773       152,982
   Prepayments                    94,927         44,915        139,842        75,979          29,303       105,282


   Total trade and other
     receivables                 581,279        117,135        698,414       535,640          91,076       626,716

   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
   receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.




                                                                                                                           109
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                22 Trade and other receivables (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
                                                    of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2018            2017
                                                                                                                                           $000            $000

                                                    Current to 30 days                                                                   276,802        275,258
                                                    31 – 60 days                                                                          45,066         26,457
                                                    61 – 90 days                                                                           4,705         12,951
                                                    Over 90 days                                                                          38,184          6,784


                                                                                                                                         364,757        321,450

                                                    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
                                                    customers.

                                                    The Group has recognised a loss of $10,811,000 (2017: $18,554,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables
                                                    during the year ended 30 June 2018. The loss has been included in “other operating expenses” in the
                                                    consolidated profit and loss account. Amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off, when
                                                    there is no expectation of recovering additional cash.

                                                    As at 30 June 2018, trade receivables of $135,371,000 (2017: $58,698,000) were past due but not impaired.
                                                    These relate to a number of independent customers for whom there is no recent history of default. An ageing
                                                    analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2018            2017
                                                                                                                                           $000            $000

                                                    Past due 1 – 30 days                                                                  64,261         12,506
                                                    Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                 30,639         26,457
                                                    Past due over 60 days                                                                 40,471         19,735


                                                                                                                                         135,371         58,698

                                                    The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2018            2017
                                                                                                                                           $000            $000

                                                    At 1 July                                                                             12,852         12,241
                                                    Impairment loss recognised in the consolidated
                                                      profit and loss account (note 9)                                                    10,811         18,554
                                                    Amounts written off during the year                                                  (15,629)       (17,943)


                                                    At 30 June                                                                             8,034         12,852




110
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   At 30 June 2018, trade receivables of $8,034,000 (2017: $12,852,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                    931               797
   Past due 61 – 90 days                                                                  1,171             1,628
   Past due over 90 days                                                                  5,932            10,427


                                                                                          8,034            12,852

   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.


23 Deferred income tax
   Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and overseas
   is calculated at 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
   respectively.

   The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
   offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


   (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                                                      Decelerated
                                                                                                      depreciation
                                                                                                        allowance
                                                                                                             $000

        At 1 July 2016                                                                                     (6,497)
        Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 10(a))                                   367


        At 30 June 2017                                                                                    (6,130)




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
        At 1 July 2017                                                                                     (6,130)
        Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 10(a))                                   588


        At 30 June 2018                                                                                    (5,542)




                                                                                                                          111
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                23 Deferred income tax (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                                                       Mobile        Accelerated
                                                                                                                       licence      depreciation
                                                                                                                    fee assets        allowance               Total
                                                                                                                         $000              $000               $000

                                                         At 1 July 2016                                               (44,388)          171,234            126,846
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                           account (note 10(a))                                        23,020            (13,128)            9,892


                                                         At 30 June 2017                                              (21,368)          158,106           136,738


                                                         At 1 July 2017                                               (21,368)          158,106           136,738
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                           account (note 10(a))                                         2,479            (13,509)          (11,030)


                                                         At 30 June 2018                                              (18,889)          144,597           125,708

                                                         Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation
                                                         of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognised
                                                         deferred income tax assets of $20,506,000 (2017: $10,917,000) in respect of tax losses of $149,632,000
                                                         (2017: $83,405,000). Under the current tax legislation, unrecognised tax losses of $92,966,000 (2017:
                                                         $63,222,000) related to a subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years from
                                                         the year in which the tax loss arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.


                                                24 Inventories
                                                                                                                                           2018               2017
                                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                    Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                   173,763           196,456
                                                    Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                            (12,298)           (14,753)


                                                                                                                                        161,465           181,703

                                                    The Group recognised a reversal of impairment provision of $2,455,000 (2017: $3,276,000) for slow-moving and
                                                    obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2018. The amount has been included in “cost of inventories
                                                    sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.




112
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash
   and cash equivalents
                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Cash at bank and in hand                                                           259,010           237,950
  Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,472,941           908,845


  Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   1,731,951         1,146,795
  Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more than 3 months                96,155           124,893
  Short-term pledged bank deposits                                                         –             2,385


                                                                                   1,828,106         1,274,073


  Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  1,822,345         1,269,278

  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
  number of banks.

  At 30 June 2017, short-term pledged bank deposits are mainly pledged for the issuance of bank guarantees by a
  bank in favour of the Airport Authority.

  Pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the
  following currencies:

                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Hong Kong dollars                                                                  231,149           363,248
  US dollars                                                                       1,571,923           870,827
  Renminbi                                                                             3,433             5,104
  Others                                                                              21,601            34,894


                                                                                   1,828,106         1,274,073




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                       113
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                26 Trade and other payables




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                                                                            $000          $000

                                                    Current liabilities
                                                    Trade payables (a)                                                                   521,620       357,393
                                                    Other payables and accruals (b)                                                      852,081       804,562


                                                                                                                                        1,373,701    1,161,955

                                                    (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date were as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                                                                            $000          $000

                                                          Current to 30 days                                                             377,911       157,533
                                                          31 – 60 days                                                                    42,004        85,232
                                                          61 – 90 days                                                                    12,016        49,759
                                                          Over 90 days                                                                    89,689        64,869


                                                                                                                                         521,620       357,393

                                                          At 30 June 2018, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in US dollars
                                                          which accounted for 62%.

                                                          At 30 June 2017, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in HK dollars
                                                          which accounted for 74%.

                                                    (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                                                                            $000          $000

                                                          Accrued expenses                                                               527,990       440,039
                                                          Payables for fixed assets                                                      253,440       273,013
                                                          Receipt in advance                                                              70,651        91,510


                                                                                                                                         852,081       804,562

                                                    The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.




114
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




27 Bank and other borrowings
                                             2018                                         2017
                                                Non-                                          Non-
                                Current       current         Total        Current          current       Total
                                  $000          $000          $000           $000             $000        $000

  Secured bank borrowings         5,976        54,209        60,185         5,814          60,186        66,000
  Unsecured bank
    borrowings                 129,813        827,528       957,341       127,822          954,101    1,081,923
  Guaranteed notes (a)               –      1,412,855     1,412,855             –        1,542,762    1,542,762


  Total bank and other
    borrowings                 135,789      2,294,592     2,430,381       133,636        2,557,049    2,690,685

  (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
        US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
        Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will rank pari
        passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

        During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group has recognised a gain of $12,000 (2017: nil) upon
        redemption of US$18,185,000 guaranteed notes.

  The maturity of long-term bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Between 1 and 2 years                                                                436,756          135,115
  Between 2 and 5 years                                                              1,829,239          806,712
  Over 5 years                                                                          28,597        1,615,222


                                                                                     2,294,592        2,557,049




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                      115
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                27 Bank and other borrowings (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                    values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
                                                    non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
                                                    rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
                                                    market price are as follows:

                                                                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

                                                    At 30 June 2018
                                                    Secured bank borrowings                              –             54,209                  –            54,209
                                                    Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            752,553                  –           752,553
                                                    Guaranteed notes                             1,407,481                  –                  –         1,407,481


                                                    Total                                        1,407,481            806,762                  –         2,214,243

                                                                                                     Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                       $000              $000               $000              $000

                                                    At 30 June 2017
                                                    Secured bank borrowings                              –             60,186                  –            60,186
                                                    Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            857,606                  –           857,606
                                                    Guaranteed notes                             1,584,921                  –                  –         1,584,921


                                                    Total                                        1,584,921            917,792                  –         2,502,713

                                                    At 30 June 2018, 79% (2017: 81%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in US dollars
                                                    and 21% (2017: 19%) are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

                                                    At 30 June 2018, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 17) (2017: same).




116
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




28 Mobile licence fee liabilities
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                      $000             $000

   At 1 July                                                                        227,926         409,831
   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account
     (note 8)                                                                        22,456          31,688
   Payment                                                                          (62,350)       (213,593)


   At 30 June                                                                       188,032         227,926
   Less: mobile licence fee liabilities included under current liabilities          (60,041)         (60,040)


   Non-current portion                                                              127,991         167,886

   Analysis of the present value of mobile licence fee liabilities:

                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                      $000             $000

   Minimum annual fees payable
     Within 1 year                                                                   62,350          62,350
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                162,980         225,330


                                                                                    225,330         287,680
   Less: future finance charges                                                     (37,298)         (59,754)


   Present value of mobile licence fee liabilities                                  188,032         227,926


   Comprising:
     Within 1 year                                                                   60,041          60,040
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                127,991         167,886


                                                                                    188,032         227,926




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                   117
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                29 Share capital




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                      Shares of
                                                                                                                      Notes          $0.1 each              $000

                                                    Authorised
                                                    At 30 June 2017 and 30 June 2018                                            2,000,000,000            200,000


                                                    Issued and fully paid
                                                    At 1 July 2016                                                              1,081,177,540            108,118
                                                    Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends                           (b)        32,826,913              3,283
                                                    Repurchase of shares                                                (c)         (8,192,000)             (820)


                                                    At 30 June 2017                                                             1,105,812,453            110,581
                                                    Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends                           (b)        46,242,824              4,624
                                                    Repurchase of shares                                                (c)       (27,786,000)            (2,779)


                                                    At 30 June 2018                                                             1,124,269,277            112,426

                                                    (a)   During the years ended 30 June 2018 and 2017, no share options were exercised.

                                                    (b)   On 29 August 2017, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents (2017: 33 cents) per
                                                          share for the year ended 30 June 2017. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final
                                                          dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 19 December 2017, 28,143,051 (2017: 11,585,801) shares were
                                                          issued at $9.312 (2017: $11.08) per share in respect of the final dividend.

                                                          On 13 February 2018, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 18 cents (2017: 27 cents)
                                                          per share for the year ended 30 June 2018. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the
                                                          interim dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 13 April 2018, 18,099,773 (2017: 21,241,112) shares were
                                                          issued at $8.426 (2017: $10.152) per share in respect of the interim dividend.




118
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




29 Share capital (continued)
   (c)   During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Company repurchased and cancelled 27,786,000 shares on the
         HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $247,421,000 was deducted from equity
         attributable to equity holders.

                                      Number of shares
                                       repurchased and                Price per share             Aggregate
         Month of repurchase                  cancelled           Highest          Lowest          price paid
                                                                                                        $000

         July 2017                               392,000           $10.10            $10.08            3,959
         August 2017                           3,649,500            $9.73             $9.55           35,086
         September 2017                        6,754,500            $9.67             $9.20           63,379
         November 2017                         1,978,500            $9.20             $9.09           18,112
         February 2018                         8,205,500            $9.06             $8.24           70,452
         March 2018                            1,604,000            $8.68             $8.33           13,700
         April 2018                            2,816,500            $8.27             $8.14           23,097
         May 2018                              2,385,500            $8.30             $8.20           19,636


                                              27,786,000                                             247,421

         During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Company repurchased and cancelled 8,192,000 shares on the
         HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $87,715,000 was deducted from equity
         attributable to equity holders.

                                        Number of shares
                                         repurchased and                Price per share            Aggregate
         Month of repurchase                    cancelled          Highest            Lowest        price paid
                                                                                                         $000

         August 2016                           1,394,000           $12.88            $12.20           17,426
         September 2016                          491,000           $12.68            $12.58            6,209
         December 2016                         1,506,500           $10.36            $10.22           15,507
         March 2017                            1,769,500           $10.08            $10.00           17,749
         April 2017                            3,031,000           $10.20            $10.08           30,824


                                               8,192,000                                              87,715




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18




                                                                                                                     119
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                30 Share option scheme and share award scheme




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (a) Share option scheme
                                                         Pursuant to the terms of the share option schemes adopted by the Company on 15 November 2002 and 2
                                                         November 2011, the Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of
                                                         the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option schemes
                                                         are disclosed under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary
                                                         of the share options issued.

                                                         (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                                                                       Average
                                                                                                                                  exercise price       Number of
                                                                                                                                      per share      share options

                                                               At 1 July 2016                                                           $13.13           352,500
                                                               Granted                                                                  $14.28         3,000,000
                                                               Cancelled or lapsed                                                      $13.13          (352,500)


                                                               At 30 June 2017 and 30 June 2018                                         $14.28         3,000,000

                                                               At 30 June 2018, 1,000,000 (2017: nil) share options were exercisable with average exercise price of
                                                               $14.28 (2017: nil) per share.

                                                         (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date

                                                                                                                                              2018           2017
                                                                                                                             Exercise     Number          Number
                                                                                                                            price per     of share        of share
                                                               Date of grant           Exercise period                          share     options         options

                                                               25 July 2016            25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021          $14.28      3,000,000     3,000,000


                                                         (iii) Details of share options exercised
                                                               No share options were exercised during the years ended 30 June 2018 and 2017.




120
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




30 Share option scheme and share award scheme (continued)
   (b) Share award scheme
       Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
       may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
       terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
       the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

       (i)   Details of share award granted during the year ended 30 June 2018
                                          Number of                Average
                                      awarded shares              fair value
             Date of grant                  granted               per share    Vesting period

             29 June 2018                    1,871,800                $8.10    29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021

       (ii) Movements in share award
                                                                                      2018              2017

             Number of awarded shares
             Outstanding at 1 July                                                        –                 –
             Granted                                                              1,871,800                 –


             Outstanding at 30 June                                               1,871,800                 –


31 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                    Bank         Guaranteed
                                                               borrowings             notes             Total
                                                                    $000              $000              $000

   At 1 July 2016                                              1,320,292          1,530,131        2,850,423
   Proceeds from bank borrowings                                 450,000                  –          450,000
   Repayment of bank borrowings                                 (632,863)                 –         (632,863)
   Payment of transaction costs of bank borrowings                 (2,400)                –            (2,400)
   Finance costs                                                  12,894             12,631           25,525


   At 30 June 2017                                             1,147,923          1,542,762        2,690,685




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
   Repayment of bank borrowings                                 (139,706)                 –         (139,706)
   Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes                          –           (141,122)        (141,122)
   Finance costs                                                   9,309             11,227           20,536
   Finance income                                                      –                (12)             (12)


   At 30 June 2018                                             1,017,526          1,412,855        2,430,381




                                                                                                                     121
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                32 Commitments and contingent liabilities




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                         Fixed assets
                                                            Contracted for                                                               24,899            73,987


                                                    (b) Operating lease commitments
                                                         The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased lines under non-
                                                         cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal
                                                         rights.

                                                         At 30 June 2018, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are
                                                         payable as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                         Land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                           No later than 1 year                                                        583,863            533,831
                                                           Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                 454,132            278,427
                                                           Later than 5 years                                                            1,521              9,487


                                                                                                                                     1,039,516            821,745


                                                         Leased lines
                                                           No later than 1 year                                                        236,479            243,722
                                                           Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                 618,703            690,446
                                                           Later than 5 years                                                          197,031            309,637


                                                                                                                                     1,052,213          1,243,805


                                                    (c) Performance bonds
                                                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                         Hong Kong                                                                            –           301,243
                                                         Macau                                                                            3,883             3,883


                                                                                                                                          3,883           305,126

                                                         The performance bonds were issued by certain banks in favour of the Telecommunications Authorities of
                                                         Hong Kong and Macau in accordance with various telecommunications licences issued by those authorities
                                                         to the Group. The banks’ obligations under the performance bonds are guaranteed by the Company and
                                                         various subsidiaries of the Company.
122
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




32 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
   (d) At 30 June 2018, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided corporate guarantee for general
        banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary of US$145,495,000 (approximately $1,141,625,000)
        and $600,000,000, of which US$66,169,000 (approximately $519,195,000) and $450,000,000 of the
        banking facilities were utilised by the subsidiary.


33 Related party transactions
   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 67.18% of the Company’s shares as at 30
   June 2018. The remaining 32.82% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.80% is held by another subsidiary
   of SHKP. The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.


   (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
        SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
        accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                            $000               $000

        Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and
           transmission sites (i)                                                        127,868           127,529
        Insurance expense (ii)                                                             4,562             4,398

        (i)   Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites

              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
              offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to the Group for the installation of
              base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

              For the year ended 30 June 2018, rental and licence fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and associated
              companies of SHKP totalled $127,868,000 (2017: $127,529,000).

        (ii) Insurance services

              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
              insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2018, insurance premiums paid and
              payable were $4,562,000 (2017: $4,398,000).




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
   (b) At 30 June 2018, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
        of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in
        technology related companies in the People’s Republic of China.




                                                                                                                            123
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                33 Related party transactions (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (c) Key management compensation
                                                         Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key
                                                         management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                         Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                          37,238            31,276
                                                         Termination benefits                                                                   –             2,118
                                                         Share-based payments                                                               2,270             4,291


                                                                                                                                           39,508            37,685


                                                    (d) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                         (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                         sheet items:

                                                                                                                                              2018               2017
                                                                                                                                              $000               $000

                                                         Deposits and prepayments (note 22)                                                 24,983             24,029
                                                         Other payables and accruals (note 26)                                               4,610              3,861

                                                         The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.




124
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                              $000             $000

  Non-current assets
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             6,899,044       6,896,740


  Current assets
  Prepayments                                                                   206             235
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              44,256          44,256
  Tax recoverable                                                               177               –
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     252             234


                                                                             44,891          44,725


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             4,007,418       3,593,137
  Other payables and accruals                                                 3,154           2,614
  Current income tax liabilities                                                  –              51


                                                                          4,010,572       3,595,802


  Net assets                                                              2,933,363       3,345,663


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             112,426         110,581
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     2,820,937       3,235,082


  Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company              2,933,363       3,345,663

  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 5 September 2018 and was
  signed on its behalf.




  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                         Anna Yip                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
  Director                                        Director




                                                                                                           125
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                34 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Note (a) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                            Employee
                                                                                                Capital                   share-based
                                                                                    Share   redemption    Contributed   compensation      Retained
                                                                                 premium        reserve       surplus          reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                    $000          $000          $000             $000        $000         $000

                                                    1 July 2016                  783,250        10,949       792,583            1,095    2,039,491    3,627,368
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Loss for the year                  –             –             –                –         (113)        (113)
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments               –             –             –            4,291            –        4,291
                                                    Lapse of share option              –             –         1,096           (1,096)           –            –
                                                    Repurchase of shares
                                                       (note 29(c))                    –           820       (51,983)               –      (35,732)     (86,895)
                                                    Payment of 2016 final
                                                       dividend (note 29(b))     127,212             –             –                –     (356,167)    (228,955)
                                                    Payment of 2017 interim
                                                       dividend (note 29(b))     213,516             –             –                –     (294,130)     (80,614)


                                                    At 30 June 2017 and
                                                       1 July 2017              1,123,978       11,769       741,696            4,290    1,353,349    3,235,082
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Loss for the year                  –             –             –                –       (1,891)      (1,891)
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments               –             –             –            2,304            –        2,304
                                                    Repurchase of shares
                                                       (note 29(c))                    –         2,779        (2,159)               –     (245,262)    (244,642)
                                                    Prepayment for repurchase
                                                       of shares                       –             –             –                –      (18,178)     (18,178)
                                                    Payment of 2017 final
                                                       dividend (note 29(b))     259,254             –             –                –     (361,355)    (102,101)
                                                    Payment of 2018 interim
                                                       dividend (note 29(b))     150,699             –             –                –     (200,336)     (49,637)


                                                    At 30 June 2018             1,533,931       14,548       739,537            6,594     526,327     2,820,937




126
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




35 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                            2018                                            2017
                                                                                         Estimated
                                                                        Retirement     money value
                                               Salaries and                 scheme         of other Share-based
                                        Fees    allowances    Bonuses contributions        benefits   payments     Total    Total
                                        $000           $000      $000          $000            $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Anna Yip                        144         6,888      5,961          344             85         2,263   15,685   11,572
     Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick          144         5,501      1,077          550             75             2    7,349    7,534
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen           144         5,756      1,367          576             94             2    7,939    8,596

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond         180             –          –              –            –             –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui                 162             –          –              –            –             –     162      162
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen             162             –          –              –            –             –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince             144             –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas             144             –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. John Anthony Miller             144             –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Tsim Wing-kit, Alfred (1)         –             –          –              –            –             –       –       96
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP *        288             –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP *             288             –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric *            288             –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming,
       Christine *                       144             –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny * (2)      144             –          –              –            –             –     144       48
     Mr. Yang Xiang-dong * (3)            48             –          –              –            –             –      48      144


                                      2,568         18,145      8,405         1,470           254         2,267   33,109   29,934


     2017                             2,664         17,923      3,448         1,368           240         4,291

     *      Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2017/18
     (1)
            Retired on 1 November 2016

     (2)
            Appointed on 1 March 2017

     (3)
            Retired on 2 November 2017




                                                                                                                                       127
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                35 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                         During the years ended 30 June 2018 and 2017, no director:

                                                         •    received any emoluments from Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the ultimate holding
                                                              company of the Company, in respect of their services to the Group;

                                                         •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                         •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                         In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share options and share awards under the
                                                         Company’s share option and share award schemes. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under
                                                         the section “Share option scheme” and “Share award scheme” in the Report of the Directors and note 30.


                                                    (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                        contracts
                                                         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                                                         Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                         indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                                36 Ultimate holding company
                                                    The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2018 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                    company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of HKSE.




128
