CONTENTS




2    Business Highlights

6    Chairman’s Statement

8    Management Discussion and Analysis

12   Directors’ Profile

20   Staff Engagement                                                       INTERIM
                                                                            REPORT
22   Community Engagement                                                   2017/18


24   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

25   Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account

26   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

27   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

29   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

30   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

32   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements

51   Other Information




                                                                        1
                           BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                           Together We Thrive
                           SmarTone is committed to delivering unbeatable and valuable
                           experiences to customers through its powerful network, purposeful
                           apps and passionate services. We continue to lead the market
                           through technology leadership, innovation, customer-centric
                           strategy and digitalisation, bringing outstanding user experience
                           and valuable services to our customers.




                             (1) Technology Leadership



                                   Leading technology solutions on
                                   NB-IoT enabled network for
                                   enterprise customers.
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited




                                                  Leading the mobile network evolution by conducting Hong Kong’s
                                                  first live LAA field trial up to 800 Mbps and
                                                  FDD Massive MIMO trial.


                       2
                                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




(2)      Empowering Innovation




                                                            SmarTone Innovation Hub
                                                            is Hong Kong’s first dedicated open
                                                            ecosystem to drive cross-industry
                                                            collaboration and accelerate the
                                                            progress in digital transformation.




                                                                                                      INTERIM
                                                                                                      REPORT

                                                                                                      2017/18




      The industry’s first SmarTone Hackathon,
      themed “Smart Properties”, is a cross-sector event
      that sparks millennials’ innovation and creativity.




                                                                                                  3
                           BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                           (3)    Customer-centric Strategy

                                                                                  SmarTone Plus, the signature loyalty
                                                                                  program, recognises the valued patronage of
                                                                                  our customers with a world of privilege and
                                                                                  prestige.




         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited


                                                 Excellent customer services and seamless online shopping experience
                                                 garnered the renowned Smiling Enterprise Award and
                                                 eCommAs Awards.



                           Brand building with integrated online and offline marketing campaigns




                                 Powerful network delivers outstanding                SmarTone 5S, a new standard in mobile service
                                 mobile experience along all MTR lines.               industry, redefines network experience in speed,
                                                                                      stability, seamlessness, security and service.




                       4
                                                           BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




(4)   Digitalisation




                                   Birdie Mobile,
                                   Hong Kong’s first all-digital
                                   self-service mobile brand for the
                                   “Millennial e-generation”.




                                                                                             INTERIM
                                                                                             REPORT

                                                                                             2017/18

 Omni-channel strategy provides
 seamless online and offline shopping
 experience. SmarTone CARE, a revamped
 mobile app with unique features, offers
 caring customer services.




                                  Proactive social media strategy engages with
                                  customers, business community and potential talents.




                                                                                         5
                           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                           Business review
                           During the period under review, the market has witnessed an intensification of competition from
                           incessant price-discounting. SmarTone has continued to lead with a customer-centric strategy, and
                           strengthened its brand position through anchoring on the twin pillars of the ‘powerful network’
                           and superior customer experience. The Company’s customer-centric approach has helped achieve
                           growth in customer base of 10% year-on-year to 2.2 million and reduction of average postpaid
                           churn rate to a low of 0.8%. The core service business was resilient as underlying postpaid service
                           revenue, net of handset subsidy amortisation, remained stable against the previous corresponding
                           period and increased 3% over the previous half. Despite a larger customer base and rising data usage,
                           operating costs increased only 1% year-on-year, thanks to tight cost control and ongoing productivity
                           improvement programs.

                           Notwithstanding the resilience of the core service business, several factors have continued to
                           impact profitability compared to the previous corresponding period. First, amortisation of spectrum
                           utilisation fee has increased as the Company renewed and acquired additional 2100MHz spectrum in
                           October 2016. Second, handset and accessories sales were lower due to customers’ longer handset
                           replacement cycle. Third, roaming revenue decreased due to the ongoing structural decline in voice
                           roaming, though the rate of decline has slowed as the weakness in voice roaming is increasingly
                           offset by healthy growth in data roaming revenue. As a result, group net profit for the period was
                           $328 million, reflecting a 17% year-on-year decline. Compared to the previous half, group net profit
         SmarTone
Telecommunications         increased 18%.
    Holdings Limited

                           The key tenets of SmarTone’s brand proposition are exceptional network performance and
                           outstanding customer care. SmarTone’s continuous network investment makes it one of Hong Kong’s
                           leading operators in the evolution to 5G. In October 2017, the Company was the first operator in
                           the city to trial FDD Massive MIMO, a technology which will play a crucial role in improving capacity
                           and user throughput. Moreover, after successfully conducting Hong Kong’s first LAA trial in August
                           2017, SmarTone plans to implement the latest LAA technology in mid-2018 which will support peak
                           network speed exceeding 1Gbps.

                           The Enterprise Solutions business segment, which delivers industry-specific applications and platforms
                           as well as innovative ICT solutions, has enjoyed robust growth. Recently, SmarTone held the
                           industry’s first Hackathon and established the SmarTone Innovation Hub. Both initiatives helped foster
                           relationships with startups and drive cross-industry collaboration in the development of ICT solutions.

                           During the period under review, the Company has deepened its focus on segmentation and
                           digitalisation to improve customer experience, as reflected in the expanding capabilities of the
                           SmarTone CARE App and the relaunch of the SmarTone Plus loyalty program. In addition, the
                           Company launched a new brand campaign introducing SmarTone 5S, the new standard defining
                           quality in mobile service centered on Speed, Stability, Seamlessness, Security and Service.

                           As an example of the Company’s focus in investing in new technologies, SmarTone kicked off the
                           beta-launch of Birdie Mobile in January 2018. Birdie Mobile is Hong Kong’s first all-digital self-service
                           mobile brand targeting the millennial e-generation’s digital lifestyle. It offers innovative services in line
                           with the sharing economy, such as P2P data sharing and community building features to customers.
                           Birdie customers have access to all these innovative services at their fingertips through the Birdie app.
                           Birdie Mobile’s full launch will take place by Q1 2018.




                       6
                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Dividend
In line with the Company’s dividend policy, the Board declared an interim dividend of 18 cents (31 Dec
2016: 27 cents) per share. The Board expects total full-year dividend payout to be equivalent to 75%
of annual profit attributable to shareholders. Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully
paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend scheme.


Outlook
The operating environment is very challenging and will likely remain so in the near-term. Intense
competitive pressure is expected to continue, exerting pressure on price plans. Customers’ longer
handset replacement cycle will continue to impact on handset sales.

SmarTone’s customer-centric strategy will further facilitate growth in the core service business
through the Company’s distinctive brand and superior service offerings for target customer segments.

Enterprise Solutions will continue to be a major growth area for the Company. Recently, the
Government announced the Smart City Blueprint which emphasises the role of IoT and 5G
technologies in enabling smart living. By leveraging on the Company’s IoT-enabled end-to-
end platforms, SmarTone is set to capture business opportunities arising from the Smart City
                                                                                                                INTERIM
transformation in the coming years.                                                                             REPORT

                                                                                                                2017/18
The Board is confident that the Company is well-placed to be successful. SmarTone will continue to
make investments to strengthen fundamentals and propositions to customers.


Appreciation
During the period under review, Mr. Yang Xiang-dong, retired by rotation as Independent
Non-Executive Director. I would like to thank Mr. Yang for his valuable contribution at SmarTone over
the years.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for
their continuing support, to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their
dedication and hard work.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 13 February 2018




                                                                                                            7
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                           Review of financial results
                           During the period under review, Hong Kong customer number increased by 10% year-on-year and
                           7% half-on-half. Postpaid churn rate improved to 0.8% despite intensified competition.

                           Group service revenue fell by $152 million or 6% to $2,522 million (first half of 2016/17: $2,674
                           million) amid continuing customer migration from handset-bundled plans to SIM-Only plans, lower
                           revenue from prepaid products and structural decline in voice roaming. Mobile postpaid ARPU was
                           $262 (first half of 2016/17: $299). Compared with the second half of 2016/17, Group service revenue
                           rose by $35 million or 1% (second half of 2016/17: $2,487 million), mainly amid higher roaming
                           revenue.

                           Customer migration from handset bundled plans to SIM-Only plans masked a better underlying trend
                           in revenue as there was a corresponding reduction in handset subsidy amortisation. Handset subsidy
                           amortisation fell by $110 million or 41% to $155 million when compared with $265 million for the
                           first half of 2016/17. Postpaid service revenue net of handset subsidy amortisation was stable year-on-
                           year and increased 3% over the previous half.

                           Roaming revenue declined 2% year-on-year as healthy growth in data roaming largely offset
                           weakness in voice roaming. Roaming revenue made up of 15% of Group’s service revenue (first half
                           of 2016/17: 14%).
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited       During the period under review, Group’s handset and accessory sales fell by $1,113 million or 41%
                           to $1,586 million when compared with $2,699 million for the first half of 2016/17. As a result, the
                           Group’s total revenue decreased by 24% to $4,108 million (first half of 2016/17: $5,372 million).

                           Compared with the second half of 2016/17, Group’s handset and accessories sales rose by $729
                           million or 85%. Both sales volume and average unit selling price rose amid launch of a hero handset
                           during the period under review.

                           Cost of inventories sold fell by $1,108 million or 42% to $1,547 million when compared with $2,655
                           million for the first half of 2016/17. Such decline was broadly in line with the decrease in handset
                           and accessory sales. Compared with the second half of 2016/17, cost of inventories sold rose by $699
                           million or 82%, in line with the corresponding increase in handset and accessory sales.

                           While serving an enlarged customer base with continuing increase in data usage, the Company
                           kept the increase in operating costs to 1% year-on-year, through various productivity improvement
                           programs. Staff costs fell by $14 million or 4% to $358 million (first half of 2016/17: $372 million).
                           Other operating expenses rose by $26 million or 2% to $1,122 million when compared with $1,096
                           million for the first half of 2016/17.

                           Depreciation and loss on disposal fell by $13 million to $329 million when compared with $342
                           million for the first half of 2016/17 amid impact of fully depreciated assets. Compared with the
                           second half of 2016/17, depreciation and loss on disposal fell slightly by $4 million or 1% (second half
                           of 2016/17: $333 million).

                           Spectrum utilisation fee amortisation rose by $29 million or 26% to $143 million (first half of
                           2016/17: $114 million) amid higher amortisation for the renewed and additional 2100MHz spectrum.
                           Mobile license fee amortisation remained stable compared with the previous half.




                       8
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Finance income rose slightly by $1 million to $29 million (first half of 2016/17: $28 million). Compared
with the second half of 2016/17, finance income rose by $6 million (second half of 2016/17: $24
million) amid higher interest income from bank deposits due to increase in cash and bank balance and
higher deposit rates.

Finance costs fell by $5 million to $64 million when compared with $70 million for the first half of
2016/17 amid lower accretion expenses on mobile license fee liabilities. Compared with $68 million
for the second half of 2016/17, finance costs fell slightly by $3 million.

Income tax expenses amounted to $93 million (first half of 2016/17: $97 million), reflecting an
effective tax rate of 22.4% (first half of 2016/17: 19.9%). The increase in the effective tax rate was
due to a higher amortisation expense for certain spectrum utilisation fees (treated as non-deductible
expense) for the renewed and additional 2100MHz spectrum. In light of the uncertainty of the tax
deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fees, these payments have been treated as non-deductible on
cash or amortisation basis. Group effective tax is therefore higher than 16.5%.

Macau operations reported an operating loss of $13 million (first half of FY16/17: $17 million, second
half of FY16/17: $8 million).

During the period under review, Group EBITDA fell by 13% to $1,080 million (first half of 2016/17:
$1,249 million). Group service operating profit was $414 million, representing a 14% decline as                  INTERIM
                                                                                                                 REPORT
compared with same period last year due to increase in spectrum fee amortisation, lower prepaid and
roaming revenue. Group profit attributable to shareholders fell by 17% to $328 million (first half of            2017/18
2016/17: $393 million).

Compared with the second half of 2016/17, Group EBITDA rose by 3% (second half of 2016/17:
$1,048 million), while service operating profit rose by 5% amid higher roaming revenue. Group profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company rose by 18% (second half of 2016/17: $279 million).




                                                                                                             9
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
                       The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the
                       Group was financed by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As
                       at 31 December 2017, the Group recorded share capital of $112 million, total equity of $4,741 million
                       and total borrowings of $2,629 million.

                       The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including pledged bank
                       deposits and short-term bank deposits) of $1,754 million as at 31 December 2017 (30 June 2017:
                       $1,274 million).

                       As at 31 December 2017, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,629 million (30 June
                       2017: $2,691 million) of which 81% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged
                       on a fixed rate basis. Net debt, after deducting cash and held-to-maturity debt securities, amounted
                       to $270 million (30 June 2017: $705 million). Net debt to EBITDA (annualised) was 0.1X as at 31
                       December 2017 (30 June 2017: 0.3X).

                       The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $1,376 million
                       and $31 million respectively during the period ended 31 December 2017. The Group’s major outflows
                       of funds during the period were purchases of fixed assets, additions of handset subsidies, payment for
                       repurchases of shares, dividends and mobile licence fees and repayment of bank borrowings.
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited   The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital
                       requirements for the financial year ending 30 June 2018 with internal cash resources and available
                       banking facilities.


                       Treasury policy
                       The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time
                       by the board of directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in held-to-maturity
                       debt securities. Bank deposits and held-to-maturity debt securities are predominantly maintained in
                       Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

                       The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its
                       behalf. The Group may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the
                       issuance costs.


                       Charges on assets
                       As at 31 December 2017, certain bank deposits of the Group, in aggregate amount of $2 million (30
                       June 2017: $2 million), were pledged for securing guarantees issued by the banks. In addition, certain
                       Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
                       carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $79 million as at 31 December 2017 (30 June
                       2017: $80 million).




                  10
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong
Kong dollars which accounted for 19% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2017.
The remaining 81% of the Group’s borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is
well protected from any potential rising interest rates in the future. The Group does not currently
undertake any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other
currency movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, available-for-
sale financial assets, held-to-maturity debt securities, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange
hedging.


Contingent liabilities
Performance bonds
                                                                                                                INTERIM
Certain banks, on the Group’s behalf, had issued performance bonds to the telecommunications                    REPORT
authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in respect of obligations under mobile licences issued by those              2017/18
authorities. The total amount outstanding as at 31 December 2017 under these performance bonds
was $205 million (30 June 2017: $305 million).


Employees and share option scheme
The Group had 1,960 full-time employees as at 31 December 2017 (30 June 2017: 1,994), with the
majority of them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $358 million for the period ended 31
December 2017 (first half of 2016/17: $372 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits.
Bonus payments are discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and
the individual employee’s performance. Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental
care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal and external training appropriate to each
individual’s requirements.

The Group has share option schemes under which the Company may grant options to participants,
including directors and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. 3,000,000 (30 June 2017:
3,000,000) share options were outstanding as at 31 December 2017.




                                                                                                           11
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the
                       Company in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a
                       Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in
                       Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree
                       in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                       Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is
                       also a director of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited
                       (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning
                       of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive
                       director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings
                       Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                       In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and
                       a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is also a member of the 13th
                       National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.

                       Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

         SmarTone      For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above
Telecommunications     fee, Mr. Kwok did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
    Holdings Limited


                       CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung is a
                       director of a number of other publicly listed companies, namely being a non-executive director of Tai
                       Sang Land Development Limited, SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.,Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and
                       Transport International Holdings Limited (with effect from 1 January 2018).

                       Mr. Cheung is a non-executive director of Hung Kai Finance Company, Limited and Sun Hung Kai
                       Properties Insurance Limited, both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                       Limited.

                       Mr. Cheung is currently a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong, co-deputy chairman of
                       Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and court member of The Open University of Hong
                       Kong, and Honorary Council Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. Mr. Cheung
                       was a non-executive director of SRE Group Limited, an independent non-executive director of Hop
                       Hing Group Holdings Limited (resigned on August 2017), an independent non-executive director
                       of Agile Property Holdings Limited (resigned on February 2018), the deputy chairman of The Open
                       University of Hong Kong, a member of the Appeal Board established under the Accreditation of
                       Academic and Vocational Qualifications Ordinance, a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue
                       Ordinance), the deputy chairman of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a director of Po
                       Leung Kuk and the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of the Law Society of Hong
                       Kong. Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013. Mr. Cheung was awarded
                       an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong
                       in 2016. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from the University
                       of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of CPA Australia. Mr. Cheung has been a practicing
                       solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo, Kwan, Lee & Lo. He was
                       admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the
                       above fee, Mr. Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                  12
                                                              DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History
and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship
in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993-1994 and a visiting Assistant
Professor of History at Brown University in 1996-1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property
related portfolio investments. He is also a vice chairman and non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited. He is also a
director of certain SHKP subsidiaries.

Mr. Fung was a non-executive director of Roadshow Holdings Limited (resigned on 12 December
2017).

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company,
in 1997. During his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and also
served institutions in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the infrastructure
practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010.
In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong Chinese to become a
director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce.                   INTERIM
He is the President of the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an Honorary Treasurer of         REPORT
the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a council member of The Hong Kong Management                     2017/18
Association. Mr. Fung is a council member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund and a member of
the Board of the Asian Youth Orchestra. He is also a member of the Advisory Committee on Gifted
Education of Education Bureau, The Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above
fee, Mr. Fung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


Anna YIP Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June
2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong
and both MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.

Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the
overall performance of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip was
the Managing Director for Corporate Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas Bank
in Singapore. Previously, she was a Partner with McKinsey & Company in Greater China where she
led the Asia Payments practice and co-led the Asia Financial Institutional Group. Ms. Yip has rich
experience in leading organisations to build a strong service culture and drive superior customer
engagement across multiple channels.

Ms. Yip is a Council member of The Open University of Hong Kong, and the chairperson and a
member of its Audit Committee and Tender Board Committee respectively. She has also been
appointed as a member of the Joint Committee on Student Finance.

Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Ms. Yip received salaries (including allowances, retirement
scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), share-based payment and
director’s fee of HK$7,137,000, HK$4,291,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.
                                                                                                         13
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick Executive Director
                       Mr. Patrick Chan was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October 1996 and
                       became Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer responsible for
                       the formulation and execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk management and
                       corporate development. He is also responsible for investor relations, legal and regulatory affairs and
                       procurement.

                       Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance at
                       leading international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December 1994 to
                       May 1996, he was seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as a full-time
                       member.

                       Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Chan received salaries (including allowances,
                       retirement scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s
                       fee of HK$6,048,000, HK$1,342,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.



         SmarTone
                       CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited   Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been
                       with the Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made
                       Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and
                       communications technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a
                       number of commercial initiatives.

                       Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of
                       business operations and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the
                       Company’s high performance network, which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data
                       experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced service platform which enables its many
                       proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value to customers. Mr. Chau
                       also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and support
                       systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                       Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is
                       a member of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer
                       of the Institute of Electrical Engineers, UK. He is also on the Advisory Committee on Electronic
                       Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and the Innovation and Technology Support
                       Programme (“ITSP”) Assessment Panel (Information and Technology Subgroup) under the Innovation
                       and Technology Fund.

                       Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances,
                       retirement scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s
                       fee of HK$6,346,000, HK$2,106,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




                  14
                                                              DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and
Supply (UK). He is a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson
Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and chair of the audit committee of Adecco SA which
is the global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to
this, spent some 12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China
and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of
Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join
PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to join Cable and Wireless as group
finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for Cable and
Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the
USA.
                                                                                                               INTERIM
Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.                                        REPORT

                                                                                                               2017/18
For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above
fee, Mr. Prince did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu is managing director of
Wilson Group which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong. Wilson Group
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr.
Siu had more than 25 years experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers
finance, business operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information
Systems. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above
fee, Mr. Siu did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                          15
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. John Anthony Miller, SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

                       Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited (retired
                       on 18 May 2017), The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (retired on 18 May 2017) and
                       RoadShow Holdings Limited (resigned on 12 December 2017). He was also chairman of Hong Kong
                       Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited until
                       mid-2016.

                       Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong
                       Kong Special Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key
                       positions held over a career spanning 35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent
                       Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002-2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive
                       of the Housing Authority (1996-2002), Director-General of Trade (1993-1996), Director of Marine
                       (1991-1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989-1991) and Private
                       Secretary to the Governor (1979-1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and
                       a BA degree from London University.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Miller received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above
                       fee, Mr. Miller did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                       LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA
                       (Aust.), FCIS, was appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the senior partner of
                       Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified Public Accountants and an independent non-executive director of Sun
                       Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings
                       Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

                       Dr. Li was an independent non-executive director of Roadshow Holdings Limited (resigned on 12
                       December 2017).

                       Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                       Conference. He was previously a convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel, a
                       member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee,
                       president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, an advisor to the Ministry
                       of Finance on international accounting standards and a member of the Commission on Strategic
                       Development.

                       Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for
                       acting as the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not
                       receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                  16
                                                             DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank
of China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of the BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has
been an independent non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March
2013) and Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (since June 2013).

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th (with effect from March 2018)
National People’s Congress, P.R.C. He is also a director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation
Limited (from April 2014).

Mr. Ng was vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent
non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until May 2017), general manager of the Bank-
wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive
director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to
1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee
of Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution
Programme Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996,
a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012 to 2016,
a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of
Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton
Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese
Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.                                                                      INTERIM
                                                                                                             REPORT

Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star           2017/18
by the HKSAR government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit
Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee
for acting as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not
receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and
president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which is now a
subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. Following the merger of eAccess and Willcom Inc. in June 2014, Mr. Gan
was appointed representative director, president and chief executive officer of the combined entity –
Ymobile Corporation. Mr. Gan is also an executive vice president of Softbank Mobile Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director
for Goldman Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/
Asia, including the listing of SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity
tranches and many other telecom related IPO and advisory projects.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan
now lives in Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the
Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee
for acting as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not
receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                                                                                                        17
                       DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                       IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Mrs. Christine Ip was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
                       Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the
                       Bank’s Greater China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong Kong since 2012 and
                       CEO Greater China with effect from 1 July 2016.

                       Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate
                       Banking, and she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of
                       senior management positions in product and sales management, customer segment management and
                       risk management in Hong Kong, the United States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and
                       New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                       Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail
                       Banker” in 2008.

                       Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from
                       The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The Institute of
                       Bankers.

                       For the financial year ended 30 June 2017, Mrs. Ip received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above
                       fee, Mrs. Ip did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                       LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                       Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. Mr. Lam is currently Group
                       President of Noah Holdings Limited (“Noah”), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
                       It provides comprehensive financial services such as wealth management, overseas asset allocation,
                       high-end insurance and high-end education for enterprises and high networth customers. Mr. Lam
                       oversees all of Noah’s management and operations and is responsible for driving all key strategic
                       initiatives in both China and overseas.

                       Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a Global Partner at McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”) based in Hong
                       Kong, a co-Leader of its Asia Financial Institution Practice, and Head of Asia Wealth and Asset
                       Management Practice. For 16 years, he has led transformational programs for leading financial
                       institutions across Asia.

                       Mr. Lam has strong expertise in bringing innovations to enhancing customer service. He also has rich
                       knowledge of “fintech” developments in Asia.

                       Before McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong
                       Kong, counseling multinational corporations in various M&A transactions and NYSE/Nasdaq public
                       offerings.

                       Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada
                       (under the Asia Pacific Foundation).

                       Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with
                       a BS in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph
                       Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin Franklin Scholar.

                       For the period from 1 March 2017 (date of appointment as a director of the Company) to 30 June
                       2017, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$48,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lam did not receive any other
                       emoluments during the said financial year.


                  18
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not
held any directorships in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three
years; (2) do not hold any other positions in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other
relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Executive Directors) and
there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation
and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules.
They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders
at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’
fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to
a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and
performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her
performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company
and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority
granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing
market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.                                                          INTERIM
                                                                                                                           REPORT

The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated 1                2017/18
May 2002 under which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect from
15 May 2002 with no fixed term of service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board
from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to discretionary bonus,
the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chan’s appointment
as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in
accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled to a director’s fee which
is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is
subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a
subsidiary of the Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology
Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with
reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of
which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau has no fixed term of service with
the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the Company is
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of
the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under
the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based
on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2017 are disclosed in “Directors’ and chief
executive’s interests” section on pages 52 to 55 of this Interim Report.




                                                                                                                      19
                       STAFF ENGAGEMENT




                       Together We Nurture
                       SmarTone understands people is the most valuable assets to the
                       company. We communicate with them, empower them with
                       training and career development opportunities as well as recognise
                       their performance. We also encourage work-life balance through a
                       variety of activities.




                       (1)    Grooming Talents




                                                                      Gear Up Yourself Programme
                                                                      develops millennial talents.
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited




                       Youth engagement
                       programmes, including
                       internship and exchange
                       activities, inspire young
                       generation.




                                                                                             Cross-sector exchange
                                                                                             with scalable corporations
                                                                                             widens horizons for staff.
                          Reaching Up Programme
                          develops leadership of potential
                          staff for career advancement.
                  20
                                                            STAFF ENGAGEMENT




(2)   Caring for Staff




        Work-life balance with flexible working hours, birthday leave, SmarTone 25th
        anniversary leave, full-pay maternity leave, paternity leave and nursing rooms.
        Fun workplace with festive celebrations, annual dinner and interest classes.




                                                                                               INTERIM
                                                                                               REPORT

                                                                                               2017/18




                                                                                          21
                       COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




                       Empowering Our Future
                       SmarTone is dedicated in corporate social responsibility and is
                       actively engaged in a wide range of social service activities to
                       contribute to the community. SmarTone Volunteer Team has also
                       been formed to encourage our staff to give back to the society.




                               (1)     Caring for the Community




         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited



                                                                                  Heartfelt support to the
                                                                                  Blood Donation Day.
                                 Staff skipped meals to support
                                 Famine 30.




                                                                           Culture tour with the seniors.



                           SmarTone Robotics Workshop
                           and Talent Scholarship unleashed
                           the potentials of underprivileged children.




                  22
                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




                           Family Carnival
                           promoted positive parenting.


                                                    Fun cooking class encouraged
                                                    bonding and communication
                                                    among foster families.




                                       Children’s Forum Town Hall
                                       enabled children of ethnic minorities to         INTERIM
                                       explore mobile technology.                       REPORT

                                                                                        2017/18




(2)   Charity Events




 Sun Hung Kai Properties
 Hong Kong Cyclothon




                                                      Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                                      Vertical Run – Race
                                                      to Hong Kong ICC


                                                                                   23
                       REPORT ON REVIEW
                       OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




                       TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                       SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                       (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                       Introduction
                       We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 25 to 50, which comprises
                       the condensed consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                       (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2017 and the
                       related condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of
                       comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows and the condensed
                       consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and a summary
                       of significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of
                       Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on
                       interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
                       Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                       Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
                       presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard
    Holdings Limited   34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
                       information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
                       with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
                       towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


                       Scope of Review
                       We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410,
                       “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued
                       by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information
                       consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
                       and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an
                       audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not
                       enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be
                       identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


                       Conclusion
                       Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim
                       financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong
                       Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




                       PricewaterhouseCoopers
                       Certified Public Accountants

                       Hong Kong, 13 February 2018


                  24
                                              CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                         For the six months ended 31 December 2017
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                       Unaudited six months
                                                                       ended 31 December
                                                                            2017              2016
                                                       Note                 $000              $000

Service revenue                                                       2,521,674         2,673,627
Handset and accessory sales                                           1,585,903         2,698,677


Revenues                                                6             4,107,577          5,372,304
Cost of inventories sold                                             (1,547,406)        (2,655,218)
Staff costs                                                            (358,102)          (372,037)
Other operating expenses                                             (1,122,042)        (1,096,478)
Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal         9              (627,192)          (721,207)


Operating profit                                                        452,835           527,364
Finance income                                          7                29,189            28,247
Finance costs                                           8               (64,259)          (69,701)


Profit before income tax                                9               417,765           485,910
                                                                                                             INTERIM
Income tax expense                                      10              (93,455)          (96,576)           REPORT

                                                                                                             2017/18
Profit after income tax                                                 324,310           389,334


Attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                           328,117           393,399
Non-controlling interests                                                (3,807)           (4,065)


                                                                        324,310           389,334


Earnings per share for profit attributable to the
  equity holders of the Company during the period
  (expressed in cents per share)                        12
  Basic                                                                     29.8              36.4
  Diluted                                                                   29.8              36.4




The notes on pages 32 to 50 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                             25
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                       For the six months ended 31 December 2017
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                             Unaudited six months
                                                                                             ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2017               2016
                                                                                                 $000               $000

                       Profit for the period                                                  324,310          389,334


                       Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                       Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                          Fair value loss on financial investments, net of tax                    (686)          (1,624)
                          Currency translation differences                                       2,082           (1,859)


                       Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of tax              1,396           (3,483)


                       Total comprehensive income for the period                              325,706          385,851


                       Total comprehensive income attributable to
                       Equity holders of the Company                                          329,513          389,916
                       Non-controlling interests                                               (3,807)          (4,065)
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                                                                                              325,706          385,851




                       The notes on pages 32 to 50 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
                  26   Statements.
                                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              BALANCE SHEET
                                              As at 31 December 2017 and 30 June 2017
                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                       Unaudited              Audited
                                                     31 December              30 June
                                                            2017                2017
                                        Note                $000                $000

Non-current assets
Leasehold land and land use rights                          11,521            11,383
Fixed assets                             14              2,960,735         3,071,725
Interest in an associate                                         3                 3
Financial investments                    15                549,722           672,528
Intangible assets                        16              3,649,599         3,631,399
Deposits and prepayments                 17                116,628            91,076
Deferred income tax assets                                   5,899             6,130

                                                         7,294,107         7,484,244

Current assets
Inventories                                                264,290           181,703
Financial investments                    15                 62,558            47,568
Trade receivables                        17                364,431           321,450
Deposits and prepayments                 17                155,445           167,188
Other receivables                        17                 51,046            47,002            INTERIM
                                                                                                REPORT
Tax reserve certificate                                    252,362           252,362
Pledged bank deposits                                        2,385             2,385            2017/18
Short-term bank deposits                                         –           124,893
Cash and cash equivalents                                1,751,229         1,146,795

                                                         2,903,746         2,291,346

Current liabilities
Trade payables                           18                890,093           357,393
Other payables and accruals                                603,333           804,562
Current income tax liabilities                             371,504           399,342
Bank borrowings                          19                134,552           133,636
Customer prepayments and deposits                          230,968           224,202
Deferred income                                            217,724           206,023
Mobile licence fee liabilities                              59,280            60,040

                                                         2,507,454         2,185,198

Non-current liabilities
Customer prepayments and deposits                          133,667            47,044
Asset retirement obligations                                45,799            47,378
Bank and other borrowings                19              2,494,295         2,557,049
Mobile licence fee liabilities                             142,376           167,886
Deferred income tax liabilities                            132,858           136,738

                                                         2,948,995         2,956,095

Net assets                                               4,741,404         4,634,297




                                                                                           27
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       BALANCE SHEET
                       As at 31 December 2017 and 30 June 2017
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                           Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                         31 December            30 June
                                                                                                2017              2017
                                                                              Note              $000              $000

                       Capital and reserves
                       Share capital                                           20             112,118          110,581
                       Reserves                                                             4,592,359        4,482,982

                       Total equity attributable to equity holders
                         of the Company                                                     4,704,477        4,593,563
                       Non-controlling interests                                               36,927           40,734

                       Total equity                                                         4,741,404        4,634,297




         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited




                       The notes on pages 32 to 50 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
                  28   Statements.
                                                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2017
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                             Unaudited six months
                                                                             ended 31 December
                                                                                  2017              2016
                                                                                  $000              $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                        1,501,215         1,138,984
  Income tax paid                                                            (124,949)         (312,514)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                1,376,266           826,470


Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                       (388,430)          (299,332)
  Payment of mobile licence fees                                              (38,280)        (2,476,723)
  Additions of handset subsidies                                             (319,563)          (196,733)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                             124,899            341,053
  Proceeds from disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities                  105,609             35,771
  Other investing activities                                                   32,063             35,832


Net cash used in investing activities                                        (483,702)        (2,560,132)
                                                                                                                   INTERIM
                                                                                                                   REPORT

Cash flows from financing activities                                                                               2017/18
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                           (120,536)           (23,635)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                (69,709)           (66,385)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                              (99,287)          (227,796)


Net cash used in financing activities                                        (289,532)          (317,816)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          603,032         (2,051,478)

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                           1,402              (657)

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                         1,146,795         2,898,512


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                    1,751,229           846,377




The notes on pages 32 to 50 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                                   29
                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                       For the six months ended 31 December 2017
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                                      Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                             Employee
                                                                                                       Capital             share-based                                                            Non-
                                                                     Share       Share Revaluation redemption Contributed compensation                Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                                    capital   premium      reserve     reserve    surplus       reserve                 reserve      profits       Total      interests       Total
                                                                     $000        $000        $000        $000        $000         $000                    $000        $000         $000           $000        $000

                       At 1 July 2016                              108,118    797,046       9,079            10,949        53,394          1,096         3,959    3,333,126    4,316,767       47,068     4,363,835


                       Comprehensive income
                       Profit for the period                             –          –            –                –              –             –             –     393,399      393,399         (4,065)    389,334
                       Other comprehensive loss
                       Fair value loss on financial investments,
                          net of tax                                     –          –       (1,624)               –              –             –             –            –       (1,624)            –       (1,624)
                       Currency translation differences                  –          –            –                –              –             –        (1,859)           –       (1,859)            –       (1,859)


                       Total comprehensive income for
                         the period ended 31 December 2016               –          –       (1,624)               –              –             –        (1,859)    393,399      389,916         (4,065)    385,851


                       Transactions with owners
         SmarTone
Telecommunications     Share-based payments                              –          –            –                –             –          2,013             –            –        2,013             –        2,013
    Holdings Limited   Lapse of share option                             –          –            –                –         1,096         (1,096)            –            –            –             –            –
                       Repurchase of shares                           (189)         –            –              189       (23,446)             –             –         (189)     (23,635)            –      (23,635)
                       Payment of 2016 final dividend                1,159    127,212            –                –             –              –             –     (356,167)    (227,796)            –     (227,796)


                       Total transactions with owners                 970     127,212            –              189       (22,350)           917             –     (356,356)    (249,418)            –     (249,418)


                       At 31 December 2016                         109,088    924,258       7,455            11,138        31,044          2,013         2,100    3,370,169    4,457,265       43,003     4,500,268




                  30
                                                                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                For the six months ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                         Employee
                                                                                  Capital              share-based                                                        Non-
                                               Share        Share Revaluation redemption Contributed compensation               Exchange    Retained                controlling
                                              capital    premium      reserve     reserve    surplus       reserve                reserve     profits       Total     interests       Total
                                                $000         $000        $000        $000       $000          $000                   $000       $000        $000          $000        $000

At 1 July 2017                                110,581    1,137,774      6,114          11,769          2,507         4,291         1,328    3,319,199   4,593,563       40,734    4,634,297


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                               –            –          –               –              –             –              –    328,117     328,117        (3,807)    324,310
Other comprehensive income
Fair value loss on financial investments,
    net of tax                                      –            –       (686)              –              –             –             –            –       (686)            –        (686)
Currency translation differences                    –            –          –               –              –             –         2,082            –      2,082             –       2,082


Total comprehensive income for
   the period ended 31 December 2017                –            –       (686)              –              –             –         2,082     328,117     329,513        (3,807)    325,706


Transactions with owners                                                                                                                                                                           INTERIM
Share-based payments                                –           –           –               –              –         1,224              –          –       1,224             –       1,224         REPORT
Repurchase of shares (note 20(a))              (1,277)          –           –           1,277         (2,158)            –              –   (118,378)   (120,536)            –    (120,536)        2017/18
Payment of 2017 final dividend (note 20(b))     2,814     259,254           –               –              –             –              –   (361,355)    (99,287)            –     (99,287)


Total transactions with owners                  1,537     259,254           –           1,277         (2,158)        1,224              –   (479,733)   (218,599)            –    (218,599)


At 31 December 2017                           112,118    1,397,028      5,428          13,046           349          5,515         3,410    3,167,583   4,704,477       36,927    4,741,404




The notes on pages 32 to 50 are an integral part of these condensed consolidated Interim Financial
Statements.                                                                                                                                                                                   31
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       1      General information
                              SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
                              (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications
                              services and the sale of handsets and accessories in Hong Kong and Macau.

                              The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head
                              office and principal place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun
                              Tong, Hong Kong.

                              The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                              These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (“Interim Financial
                              Statements”) are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim
                              Financial Statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors on 13 February
                              2018.


                       2      Basis of preparation
                              These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2017 have been
         SmarTone             prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited          Reporting”. These Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the
                              annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2017, which have been prepared in
                              accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).


                       3      Accounting policies
                              The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for
                              the year ended 30 June 2017, as described in those annual financial statements except for the
                              adoption of amendments to HKFRSs effective for the financial year ending 30 June 2018.

                              (a)    Amendments to standards relevant to and adopted by the Group
                                     The following amendments to standards are mandatory and relevant to the Group for
                                     the financial year beginning on 1 July 2017.

                                     HKAS 7 (Amendments)                Statement of Cash Flows
                                     HKAS 12 (Amendments)               Income Taxes
                                     HKFRS 12 (Amendments)              Disclosure of Interest in Other Entities

                                     The adoption of the above amendments to standards have no significant impact on
                                     these Interim Financial Statements.

                                     Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be
                                     applicable to expected total annual earnings.




                  32
               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3   Accounting policies (continued)
    (b)   New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to
          existing standards have been issued but are not yet effective and
          have not been early adopted by the Group
          The following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing
          standards have been issued but are not yet effective for the financial year beginning 1
          July 2017 and have not been early adopted.

          Annual Improvements Project           Annual Improvements 2014-2016 Cycle1
          HKAS 28 (Amendment)                   Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures1
          HKAS 40                               Investment Property1
          HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                   First Time Adoption of HKFRS1
          HKFRS 2 (Amendments)                  Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                   Payment Transactions1
          HKFRS 4 (Amendments)                  Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with
                                                   HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts1
          HKFRS 9                               Financial Instruments1
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
           (Amendments)                            and its Associate or Joint Venture3                         INTERIM
          HKFRS 15                              Revenue from Contracts with Customers1                         REPORT

          HKFRS 16                              Leases2                                                        2017/18
          HK (IFRIC) 22                         Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                   Consideration1
          HK (IFRIC) 23                         Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments2

          1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
          2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
          3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


          The adoption of HKFRS 15 and HKFRS 16 will likely have a significant impact. The Group
          is in the process of assessing the impact. For other new standards, amendments to
          standards and interpretations to existing standards, the Group is assessing the impact
          and is not yet in a position to state whether they would have a significant impact on the
          Group’s results of operation and financial position.


4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements
    The preparation of Interim Financial Statements requires management to make judgements,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these
    estimates.

    In preparing these Interim Financial Statements, the significant judgements made by
    management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation
    uncertainty were the same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for
    the year ended 30 June 2017.




                                                                                                          33
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       5      Financial risk management and financial instruments
                              (a)    Financial risk factors
                                     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including
                                     foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

                                     The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management
                                     information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be
                                     read in conjunction with the Group’s annual financial statements as at 30 June 2017.

                                     There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.

                              (b)    Fair value estimation
                                     The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31
                                     December 2017 by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows:

                                     (i)     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                             (level 1).

         SmarTone                    (ii)    Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
Telecommunications                           the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived
    Holdings Limited
                                             from prices) (level 2).

                                     (iii)   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that
                                             is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

                                     The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31
                                     December 2017 and 30 June 2017.

                                                                               Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                                                 $000            $000            $000            $000

                                     Asset
                                     Available-for-sale financial
                                       assets (note 15)

                                     At 31 December 2017
                                       (Unaudited)                                    –         7,326                 –         7,326


                                     At 30 June 2017
                                       (Audited)                                      –         8,012                 –         8,012

                                     There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation
                                     techniques during the period.




                  34
                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




6   Segment information
    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior
    executive management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess
    performance and allocate resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based
    on these reports.

    The CODM considers the business from a geographic perspective. The CODM measures the
    performance of its segments based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation
    and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

    An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as
    follows:

    (a)   Segment results
                                                 Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2017
                                             Hong Kong          Macau    Elimination Consolidated
                                                  $000           $000           $000         $000

          Revenues                            4,049,325        249,245        (190,993)     4,107,577         INTERIM
                                                                                                              REPORT

          EBITDA                              1,067,805         12,222               –      1,080,027         2017/18
          Depreciation, amortisation
            and loss on disposal               (602,209)       (24,991)              8       (627,192)


          Operating profit/(loss)               465,596        (12,769)              8        452,835


          Finance income                                                                       29,189
          Finance costs                                                                       (64,259)


          Profit before income tax                                                            417,765


                                                  Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2016
                                             Hong Kong           Macau      Elimination   Consolidated
                                                  $000            $000            $000           $000

          Revenues                            5,292,994        217,481        (138,171)     5,372,304


          EBITDA                              1,236,712         11,859               –      1,248,571
          Depreciation, amortisation
            and loss on disposal               (692,605)       (28,611)              9       (721,207)


          Operating profit/(loss)               544,107        (16,752)              9        527,364


          Finance income                                                                       28,247
          Finance costs                                                                       (69,701)


          Profit before income tax                                                            485,910

                                                                                                         35
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       6      Segment information (continued)
                              (b)    Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                          At 31 December 2017 (Unaudited)
                                                                        Hong Kong                 Macau    Unallocated Consolidated
                                                                             $000                   $000          $000         $000

                                     Segment assets                         8,905,672           421,637          870,544      10,197,853


                                     Segment liabilities                    (4,824,118)         (127,969)        (504,362)    (5,456,449)


                                                                                              At 30 June 2017 (Audited)
                                                                        Hong Kong                 Macau       Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                             $000                   $000            $000            $000

                                     Segment assets                         8,435,773           361,226          978,591       9,775,590


                                     Segment liabilities                    (4,453,512)         (151,701)        (536,080)    (5,141,293)

         SmarTone
Telecommunications            There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation
    Holdings Limited          or in the basis of measurement of segment results.


                       7      Finance income
                                                                                                            Unaudited six months
                                                                                                            ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2017               2016
                                                                                                                $000               $000

                              Interest income from listed debt securities                                     16,201            21,868
                              Interest income from bank deposits                                              11,159             6,062
                              Gain on disposal of listed debt securities                                       1,391                 –
                              Accretion income                                                                   438               317


                                                                                                              29,189            28,247


                              Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated
                              by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at
                              the beginning of the period.




                  36
                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




8   Finance costs
                                                                       Unaudited six months
                                                                       ended 31 December
                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                           $000               $000

    Interest expense
      Bank and other borrowings                                          45,168            48,187
    Bank charges for credit card instalment                               5,496             2,310
    Accretion expenses
      Mobile licence fee liabilities                                     12,010            19,021
      Asset retirement obligations                                          694               741
    Net exchange loss/(gain) on financing activities
      (note 11)                                                             891               (558)


                                                                         64,259            69,701


    Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement
    obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of          INTERIM
                                                                                                            REPORT
    allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.
                                                                                                            2017/18


9   Profit before income tax
    Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                       Unaudited six months
                                                                       ended 31 December
                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                           $000               $000

    Charging:
    Cost of services provided                                           179,747           161,522
    Operating lease rentals for land and buildings,
      transmission sites and leased lines                               533,056           516,781
    Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 17)                        6,041            10,396
    Net exchange loss (note 11)                                           3,762                 –
    Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                      4,346               960
    Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and
      land use rights                                                   324,650           341,408
    Amortisation of handset subsidies                                   155,461           265,309
    Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                 142,735           113,530
    Share-based payments                                                  1,224             2,013

    Crediting:
    Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                            2,008             4,624
    Net exchange gain (note 11)                                               –             1,041




                                                                                                       37
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       10     Income tax expense
                              Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2016: 16.5%) on the estimated
                              assessable profit for the period. Income tax on overseas profits has been calculated on the
                              estimated assessable profit for the period at the tax rates prevailing in the countries in which
                              the Group operates.

                              The amount of income tax expense recognised in the condensed consolidated profit and loss
                              account represents:

                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2017               2016
                                                                                                     $000               $000

                              Current income tax
                               Hong Kong profits tax                                               94,953            95,980
                               Overseas tax                                                           696               768
                              Under/(over)-provision in prior years
                               Hong Kong profits tax                                                1,455                 –
         SmarTone              Overseas tax                                                             –            (3,188)
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                                                                                                   97,104            93,560
                              Deferred income tax                                                  (3,649)            3,016


                                                                                                   93,455            96,576


                              Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average
                              annual income tax rate expected for the full financial year.


                       11     Net exchange loss/(gain)
                              The exchange differences charged/(credited) to the condensed consolidated profit and loss
                              account are included as follows:

                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2017               2016
                                                                                                     $000               $000

                              Other operating expenses                                              2,871               (483)
                              Finance costs (note 8)                                                  891               (558)


                                                                                                    3,762            (1,041)




                  38
                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




12   Earnings per share
     (a)   Basic
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders
           of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

                                                                         Unaudited six months
                                                                         ended 31 December
                                                                             2017               2016

           Profit attributable to equity holders of
             the Company ($000)                                           328,117           393,399


           Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares in issue                                        1,100,394,473     1,080,874,643


           Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                         29.8              36.4


     (b)   Diluted                                                                                             INTERIM
                                                                                                               REPORT
           Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number                   2017/18
           of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
           shares.

                                                                         Unaudited six months
                                                                         ended 31 December
                                                                             2017               2016

           Profit attributable to equity holders
             of the Company ($000)                                        328,117           393,399


           Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares for diluted earnings per share                  1,100,394,473     1,080,874,643


           Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                       29.8              36.4




                                                                                                          39
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       13     Dividends
                              (a)    In respect of the period
                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2017               2016
                                                                                                     $000               $000

                                     Interim dividend declared of 18 cents
                                       (2016: 27 cents) per share                                 201,813           294,130

                                     At a meeting held on 13 February 2018, the directors declared an interim dividend of
                                     18 cents per share for the year ending 30 June 2018. The interim dividend declared is
                                     not reflected as a dividend payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be
                                     reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2018.

                                     The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the
                                     date of approval of these Interim Financial Statements.

                              (b)    Attributable to prior year paid in the period
         SmarTone
Telecommunications                                                                               Unaudited six months
    Holdings Limited                                                                             ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2017               2016
                                                                                                     $000               $000

                                     Final dividend of 33 cents
                                       (2016: 33 cents) per share                                 361,355           356,167


                       14     Fixed assets
                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                                      $000

                              Opening net book amount at 1 July 2017                                              3,071,725
                              Additions                                                                             217,956
                              Disposals                                                                              (5,020)
                              Exchange differences                                                                      395
                              Depreciation                                                                         (324,321)

                              Closing net book amount at 31 December 2017                                         2,960,735


                              Opening net book amount at 1 July 2016                                              3,235,992
                              Additions                                                                             162,667
                              Disposals                                                                              (2,494)
                              Exchange differences                                                                     (369)
                              Depreciation                                                                         (341,089)

                              Closing net book amount at 31 December 2016                                         3,054,707



                  40
                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                          INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14   Fixed assets (continued)
     During the six months ended 31 December 2017, major fixed assets acquired by the Group
     included network and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to
     $184,469,000.

     At 31 December 2017, buildings with carrying amount of $78,840,000 (30 June 2017:
     $80,059,000) were pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 19).


15   Financial investments
                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                  31 December             30 June
                                                                         2017               2017
                                                                         $000               $000

     Available-for-sale financial assets (a)                              7,326             8,012
     Held-to-maturity debt securities (b)                               604,954           712,084


                                                                        612,280           720,096           INTERIM
     Less: held-to-maturity debt securities maturing                                                        REPORT

             after 1 year included under non-current assets            (549,722)         (672,528)          2017/18


     Total current portion of financial investments                      62,558            47,568


     (a)    Available-for-sale financial assets
                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                           $000

            At 1 July 2017                                                                  8,012
            Fair value loss transferred to equity                                            (686)


            At 31 December 2017                                                             7,326


            The available-for-sale financial assets are denominated in United States (“US”) dollars,
            unlisted and traded on inactive markets and of private issuers.

            The available-for-sale financial assets are stated at fair value based on the net asset
            value per unit of the respective funds as determined by the managers of the relevant
            funds.




                                                                                                       41
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       15     Financial investments (continued)
                              (b)    Held-to-maturity debt securities
                                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                                                   $000

                                     At 1 July 2017                                                               712,084
                                     Disposal                                                                    (104,218)
                                     Amortisation                                                                  (3,737)
                                     Exchange differences                                                             825


                                     At 31 December 2017                                                          604,954


                                     The held-to-maturity debt securities are denominated in US dollars.

                                     The carrying amounts approximate their fair values.

                                     During the six months ended 31 December 2017, the Group has recognised a gain on
                                     disposal of held-to-maturity debt securities of $1,391,000 upon exercise of call option
         SmarTone                    by issuers (2016: $45,000).
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                                     None of these financial assets is either past due or impaired.


                       16     Intangible assets
                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                 Handset            Mobile
                                                                                subsidies      licence fees          Total
                                                                                   $000               $000           $000

                              Opening net book amount at
                                1 July 2017                                     295,501         3,335,898       3,631,399
                              Additions                                         319,563                 –         319,563
                              Amortisation                                     (155,461)         (142,735)       (298,196)
                              Disposal                                           (3,167)                –          (3,167)


                              Closing net book amount at
                                31 December 2017                                456,436         3,193,163       3,649,599


                              Opening net book amount at
                                1 July 2016                                     452,150         1,304,963       1,757,113
                              Additions                                         196,733         2,287,200       2,483,933
                              Amortisation                                     (265,309)         (113,530)       (378,839)
                              Disposal                                           (2,461)                –          (2,461)


                              Closing net book amount at
                                31 December 2016                                381,113         3,478,633       3,859,746



                  42
                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                          INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17   Trade and other receivables
                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                  31 December             30 June
                                                                         2017               2017
                                                                         $000               $000

     Trade receivables                                                  374,661           334,302
     Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables                (10,230)          (12,852)


     Trade receivables – net                                            364,431           321,450
     Deposits and prepayments                                           272,073           258,264
     Other receivables                                                   51,046            47,002


                                                                        687,550           626,716
     Less: deposits and prepayments included under
            non-current assets                                         (116,628)          (91,076)


     Current assets                                                     570,922           535,640
                                                                                                            INTERIM
                                                                                                            REPORT
     The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45
     days from the date of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based        2017/18
     on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                  31 December             30 June
                                                                         2017               2017
                                                                         $000               $000

     Current to 30 days                                                 310,415           275,258
     31 - 60 days                                                        31,149            26,457
     61 - 90 days                                                        10,731            12,951
     Over 90 days                                                        12,136             6,784


                                                                        364,431           321,450


     There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a
     large number of customers.

     The Group has recognised a loss of $6,041,000 (2016: $10,396,000) for the impairment of its
     trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2017. The loss has been included
     in “other operating expenses” in the condensed consolidated profit and loss account.




                                                                                                       43
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       18     Trade payables
                              An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                             Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                           31 December          30 June
                                                                                                  2017            2017
                                                                                                  $000            $000

                              Current to 30 days                                                 687,361       157,533
                              31 - 60 days                                                        92,369        85,232
                              61 - 90 days                                                        39,535        49,759
                              Over 90 days                                                        70,828        64,869


                                                                                                 890,093       357,393



                       19     Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                             Unaudited          Audited
         SmarTone                                                                          31 December          30 June
Telecommunications                                                                                2017            2017
    Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  $000            $000

                              Secured bank borrowings                                             63,115        66,000
                              Unsecured bank borrowings                                        1,019,269     1,081,923
                              Guaranteed notes (a)                                             1,546,463     1,542,762


                                                                                               2,628,847     2,690,685
                              Less: bank borrowings included under
                                     current liabilities                                        (134,552)     (133,636)


                              Non-current portion                                              2,494,295     2,557,049


                              (a)    On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                     the Company, issued US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due in 2023, which
                                     are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and
                                     unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will rank pari passu with all other
                                     outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.




                  44
                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                           INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




19   Bank and other borrowings (continued)
     The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities
     approximate their fair values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of
     the bank borrowings included under non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their
     future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at the period end date for similar
     borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the market price are as
     follows:

                                                       Level 1    Level 2          Level 3        Total
                                                         $000       $000             $000         $000

     At 31 December 2017
     Secured bank borrowings                                 –     57,220                –       57,220
     Unsecured bank borrowings                               –    804,753                –      804,753
     Guaranteed notes                                1,580,690          –                –    1,580,690


     Total                                           1,580,690    861,973                –    2,442,663


                                                        Level 1    Level 2          Level 3       Total
                                                                                                               INTERIM
                                                          $000       $000             $000        $000         REPORT

                                                                                                               2017/18
     At 30 June 2017
     Secured bank borrowings                                 –     60,186                –       60,186
     Unsecured bank borrowings                               –    857,606                –      857,606
     Guaranteed notes                                1,584,921          –                –    1,584,921


     Total                                           1,584,921    917,792                –    2,502,713

     At 31 December 2017, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group
     (note 14) (30 June 2017: same).


20   Share capital
                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                             Shares of
                                                                             $0.1 each           $000

     Authorised
     At 30 June 2017 and 31 December 2017                           2,000,000,000             200,000


     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 July 2017                                                 1,105,812,453             110,581
     Repurchase of shares (a)                                         (12,774,500)             (1,277)
     Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends (b)                     28,143,051               2,814


     At 31 December 2017                                            1,121,181,004             112,118



                                                                                                          45
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       20     Share capital (continued)
                              (a)    During the six months ended 31 December 2017, the Company repurchased and
                                     cancelled 12,774,500 shares on the HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these
                                     cancelled shares of $120,536,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity
                                     holders.

                              (b)    On 29 August 2017, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents per
                                     share for the year ended 30 June 2017. The shareholders were provided with an
                                     option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 19 December 2017,
                                     28,143,051 shares were issued at $9.312 per share in respect of the final dividend.


                       21     Share option scheme
                              (a)    Movements in share options
                                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                                        Average
                                                                                                   exercise price          Numbers of
                                                                                                       per share         share options
         SmarTone
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited                 At 30 June 2017 and 31 December 2017                                 $14.28           3,000,000

                                     At 31 December 2017, 1,000,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise
                                     price of $14.28 per share.

                              (b)    Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance
                                     sheet date
                                                                                                            Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                          31 December          30 June
                                                                                                                  2017            2017
                                                                                                              Number           Number
                                                                                         Exercise price       of share         of share
                                     Date of grant        Exercise period                    per share         options          options


                                     25 July 2016         25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021         $14.28        3,000,000        3,000,000


                              (c)    Details of share options exercised
                                     No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2017 and
                                     2016.




                  46
                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22   Commitments and contingent liabilities
     (a)   Capital commitments
                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                         2017                2017
                                                                         $000                $000

           Fixed assets
             Contracted for                                              89,442             73,987
             Authorised but not contracted for                          272,948                  –


                                                                        362,390             73,987


     (b)   Operating lease commitments
           The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased
           lines under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms,
           escalation clauses and renewal rights.
                                                                                                             INTERIM
           At 31 December 2017, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable                REPORT

           operating leases are payable as follows:                                                          2017/18


                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                         2017                2017
                                                                         $000                $000

           Land and buildings and transmission sites
             No later than 1 year                                       556,848           533,831
             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                395,384           278,427
             Later than 5 years                                           5,629             9,487


                                                                        957,861           821,745


           Leased lines
             No later than 1 year                                       237,011           243,722
             Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                669,579           690,446
             Later than 5 years                                         236,922           309,637


                                                                      1,143,512         1,243,805




                                                                                                        47
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       22     Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
                              (c)    Performance bonds
                                                                                             Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                           31 December            30 June
                                                                                                  2017              2017
                                                                                                  $000              $000

                                     Hong Kong                                                  201,243           301,243
                                     Macau                                                        3,883             3,883


                                                                                                205,126           305,126


                                     The performance bonds were issued by certain banks in favour of the
                                     Telecommunications Authorities of Hong Kong and Macau in accordance with various
                                     telecommunications licences issued by those authorities to the Group. The banks’
                                     obligations under the performance bonds are guaranteed by the Company and various
                                     subsidiaries of the Company.

         SmarTone             (d)    At 31 December 2017, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited
                                     corporate guarantee for general banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary
                                     of US$145,495,000 (approximately $1,137,231,000) and $600,000,000, of which
                                     US$74,728,000 (approximately $584,093,000) and $450,000,000 of the banking
                                     facilities were utilised by the subsidiary.



                       23     Related party transactions
                              The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 65.96% of the Company’s
                              shares as at 31 December 2017. The remaining 34.04% of the shares are widely held, of which
                              3.73% is held by another subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate
                              holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.




                  48
                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                           INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




23   Related party transactions (continued)
     (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2017, the Group had significant transactions
           with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of
           business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in accordance
           with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.


                                                                       Unaudited six months
                                                                       ended 31 December
                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                           $000               $000

           Operating lease rentals for land and
             buildings and transmission sites (i)                        64,158            62,400
           Insurance expenses (ii)                                        2,398             2,758


           (i)    Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites

                  Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises
                  to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted            INTERIM
                                                                                                            REPORT
                  licences to the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and
                  telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.                                       2017/18


                  For the six months ended 31 December 2017, rental and licence fees paid and
                  payable to subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP totalled $64,158,000
                  (2016: $62,400,000).

           (ii)   Insurance services

                  Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP,
                  provides general insurance services to the Group. For the six months ended 31
                  December 2017, insurance premiums paid and payable were $2,398,000 (2016:
                  $2,758,000).

     (b)   At 31 December 2017, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder
           of which is a subsidiary of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in
           an equity fund which primarily invests in technology related companies in the People’s
           Republic of China.




                                                                                                       49
                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       23     Related party transactions (continued)
                              (c)    Key management compensation
                                     Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or
                                     payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                               Unaudited six months
                                                                                               ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2017               2016
                                                                                                   $000               $000

                                     Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee
                                       benefits                                                  20,407           19,831
                                     Share-based payments                                         1,224            2,013


                                                                                                 21,631           21,844


                              (d)    The trading balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated
                                     companies (the “SHKP Group”) (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP
         SmarTone                    Group) are included within the relevant balance sheet items:
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited

                                                                                            Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                          31 December            30 June
                                                                                                 2017              2017
                                                                                                 $000              $000

                                     Trade receivables (note 17)                                  1,321            1,231
                                     Deposits and prepayments (note 17)                          26,447           24,029
                                     Other receivables (note 17)                                    314              314
                                     Trade payables (note 18)                                       617            3,259
                                     Other payables and accruals                                  4,222            3,861

                                     The trading balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those
                                     offered to unrelated parties and arises from the ordinary course of business from
                                     provision of goods and services.




                  50
                                                              OTHER INFORMATION
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 18 cents per share for the six months ended 31
December 2017 (2016: 27 cents). The interim dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to
receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend
Scheme”). The Directors may, after having made enquiry regarding the legal restrictions under the
laws of the relevant place and the requirements of the relevant regulatory body or stock exchange
in relation to the Scrip Dividend Scheme, exclude any shareholder outside Hong Kong from the Scrip
Dividend Scheme provided that the Directors consider such exclusion to be necessary or expedient on
account either of the legal restrictions under the laws of the relevant place or the requirements of the
relevant regulatory body or stock exchange in that place. Such shareholders will receive the interim
dividend in cash. A circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election
form are expected to be sent to shareholders on or about Monday, 12 March 2018.

The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the
Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The interim dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates issued under the Scrip Dividend
Scheme will be sent on or about Friday, 13 April 2018 to shareholders whose names appear on the
Register of Members of the Company on Friday, 2 March 2018.                                                       INTERIM
                                                                                                                  REPORT

                                                                                                                  2017/18
Closure of register of members
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Friday, 2 March 2018. For determining the
entitlement to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one
day on Friday, 2 March 2018 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for
the interim dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration
no later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 1 March 2018.




                                                                                                             51
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
                       As at 31 December 2017, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
                       Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                       corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”))
                       which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”)
                       pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they
                       were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
                       register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
                       pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
                       Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKSE (the
                       “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the HKSE, were as follows:

                       1.     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                       Number of shares held
                                                               Personal                                      Number of
                                                               interests                                     underlying
                                                                (held as                                    shares held                  % of
                                                              beneficial          Other                    under equity                shares
         SmarTone                                                owner)        interests           Total    derivatives       Total   in issue
Telecommunications
                              Name of Director
    Holdings Limited

                              Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                –        5,005,0481       5,005,048              –   5,005,048      0.45
                              Fung Yuk-lun, Allen              428,210                 –         428,210              –     428,210      0.04
                              Anna Yip                               –                 –               –     3,000,0002   3,000,000      0.27
                              Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  –           11,0003          11,000              –      11,000      0.00

                              Notes:

                              1.        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by
                                        virtue of him being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                              2.        These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the
                                        time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of
                                        these share options are shown in the section entitled “Share option scheme”.

                              3.        These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.




                  52
                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2.   Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
     corporations of the Company
     (a)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)

                                                                   Number of shares held
                                                            Personal                                         Number of
                                                            interests                                        underlying
                                                             (held as                                       shares held                                         % of
                                                           beneficial            Other                     under equity                                       shares
           Name of Director                                   owner)          interests              Total derivatives                        Total          in issue


           Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                           188,743     514,093,1861       514,281,929                        –      514,281,929              17.75

           Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                               1,000                   –             1,000                     –              1,000              0.00

           David Norman Prince                                 2,000                   –             2,000                     –              2,000              0.00

           Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                      –            7,0002              7,000                     –              7,000              0.00
                                                                                                                                                                              INTERIM
                                                                                                                                                                              REPORT
           John Anthony Miller                                      –                  –                   –                 –3                   –                 –
                                                                                                                     (personal                                                2017/18
                                                                                                                   interests in
                                                                                                               shares options)

           Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                       –            4,0284              4,028                     –              4,028              0.00

           Notes:

           1.         Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by
                      virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV
                      of the SFO.

           2.         These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

           3.         These underlying shares of SHKP represented the share options (being regarded for the
                      time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SHKP under its share
                      option scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                                                              Cancelled/
                                                                                            Outstanding          Granted        Exercised        Lapsed Outstanding at
                                            Date of               Exercise Exercise            at 1 July       during the      during the     during the 31 December
                      Name of Director      grant                    price period*                 2017            period          period         period         2017
                                                                         $

                      John Anthony Miller   11 July 2014           106.80 11 July 2015 to        48,000                 –          48,000             –             –
                                                                             10 July 2019

                      *             The share options of SHKP can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the
                                    first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second
                                    anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
                                    anniversary of the date of grant.

           4.         These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.                                                                            53
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                              (b)     SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)

                                                                                              Number of shares held
                                                                                       Personal                                            Number of
                                                                                       interests                                           underlying
                                                                                        (held as                                          shares held                                           % of
                                                                                      beneficial              Other                      under equity                                         shares
                                      Name of Director                                   owner)            interests               Total derivatives                          Total          in issue

                                      Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                  –         3,485,0001          3,485,000                       –            3,485,000              0.15

                                      Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                      –                    –                    –        4,000,0002              4,000,000              0.17

                                      Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                              50,000                     –            50,000                      –              50,000               0.00

                                      Notes:

                                      1.         Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision
                                                 by virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part
                                                 XV of the SFO.

         SmarTone                     2.         These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded
Telecommunications                               for the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision
    Holdings Limited                             under its share option scheme. Details of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                              Cancelled/
                                                                                                                          Outstanding          Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding at
                                                                       Date of               Exercise Exercise               at 1 July       during the      during the       during the 31 December
                                                 Name of Director      grant                    price period*                    2017            period          period           period         2017
                                                                                                    $

                                                 Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016                2.45 8 March 2017 to     4,000,000                 –               –               –      4,000,000
                                                                                                           7 March 2021


                                                 *              The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from
                                                                the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second
                                                                anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
                                                                anniversary of the date of grant.




                  54
                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION
                                                      (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




      (c)    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in
             shares of the following associated corporations:

                                                   Attributable     Attributable        Actual
                                                        holding   % of shares in       Holding        Actual %
                                                       through    issue through       through       interests in
             Name of associated corporation        corporation      corporation    corporation   issued shares


             Splendid Kai Limited                        2,500               25         1,5001               15

             Hung Carom Company Limited                     25               25            151               15

             Tinyau Company Limited                          1               50             11               50

             Open Step Limited                               8               80             41               40

             Note:

             1.       Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of
                      him being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.           INTERIM
                                                                                                                        REPORT

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2017, none of the Directors or chief executive of the                        2017/18
Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
would have to be notified to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the HKSE
pursuant to the Model Code.


Share option scheme
The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become
effective on 8 December 2011 (the “Scheme”). Pursuant to the Scheme, the Company granted/may
grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for the
shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                   55
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Movements of the share options granted to the participant pursuant to the Scheme during the six
                       months ended 31 December 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Number of share options
                                                                                                           Outstanding at     Granted         Exercised           Cancelled/   Outstanding at
                                                                                                                   1 July       during           during        Lapsed during    31 December
                       Grantee                           Date of grant   Exercise price Exercise period1            2017    the period       the period           the period            2017
                                                                                      $


                       Share options granted under the Scheme
                       Director
                       Anna Yip                          25 July 2016           14.28 25 July 2017 to           3,000,000            –                –                    –        3,000,000
                                                                                        24 July 2021

                       Note:

                       1.          The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of
                                   grant, up to two-thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                   part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.

                       Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to
                       other participants pursuant to the Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
         SmarTone      granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the period.
Telecommunications
    Holdings Limited

                       Interests of substantial shareholder
                       As at 31 December 2017, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief
                       executive of the Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be
                       disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
                       were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were
                       as follows:

                       Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                    Total number                       % of shares
                       Name                                                                                                             of shares                         in issue


                       Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                                         781,362,769                           69.69%

                       Note:

                       1.          TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned
                                   subsidiary of TFS) held 41,847,767 shares and 739,515,002 shares in the Company respectively. For the
                                   purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was deemed to be interested in 739,515,002 shares in the Company
                                   held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed interests in an aggregate of 781,362,769
                                   shares in the Company.

                                   In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is
                                   a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also
                                   deemed to be interested in the above-mentioned 781,362,769 shares in the Company.

                       Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2017, the Company had not been notified by any persons
                       (other than Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the
                       shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                       the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register
                       required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.
                  56
                                                              OTHER INFORMATION
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2017, the Company repurchased 12,774,500 shares of the
Company on the HKSE. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2017. Details
of the repurchases were as follows:

                                    Number of              Price per share
                                       shares                                              Aggregate
Month of repurchase               repurchased            Highest             Lowest        price paid
                                                               $                  $                 $


July 2017                              392,000              10.10             10.08        3,959,000
August 2017                          3,649,500               9.73              9.55       35,086,000
September 2017                       6,754,500               9.67              9.20       63,379,000
November 2017                        1,978,500               9.20              9.09       18,112,000


                                    12,774,500                                           120,536,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s net
asset value per share and/or the earnings per share. Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six          INTERIM
months ended 31 December 2017 was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or                      REPORT
any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.                                                                2017/18



Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations
to the Board. The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting
expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric. All the members
of the Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee
members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice
and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 7 February 2018 and reviewed the interim financial
statements of the Group for the six months ended 31 December 2017 as well as the report of the
Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the
accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line
with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that were omitted
from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and explanations shown
in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and internal
control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2017 have not been audited
but have been reviewed by the Company’s external auditor.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of
Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                            57
                       OTHER INFORMATION
                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                       Corporate governance
                       The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance.
                       Throughout the six months ended 31 December 2017, the Company has applied the principles
                       and complied with the requirements set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate
                       Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, except for the
                       following deviations:

                       Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a
                       specific term. Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they
                       are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
                       general meeting once every three years in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no
                       Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

                       Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other
                       non-executive directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of
                       the views of shareholders. Code Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of
                       the board should attend the annual general meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive
                       Director and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Yang Xiang-dong, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lam
                       Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general
                       meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2017 due to overseas commitments or other prior
         SmarTone
Telecommunications     engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors
    Holdings Limited   (representing 67% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at the
                       time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders. Mr.
                       Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, took the chair of the said meeting
                       pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

                       The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to
                       ensure compliance with the CG Code.


                       Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                       Directors
                       The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
                       regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each
                       Director had confirmed that during the six months ended 31 December 2017, they had fully complied
                       with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.

                       By order of the Board
                       Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                       Company Secretary

                       Hong Kong, 13 February 2018

                       As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Ms. Anna YIP (Chief Executive
                       Officer), Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick and CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are Mr.
                       KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. FUNG Yuk-
                       lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE, Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. John
                       Anthony MILLER; Independent Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-
                       sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine and Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny.


                  58
