ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK) is a leading
telecommunications company with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and
Macau, providing voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well as
fixed fibre broadband services for the consumer and corporate markets. Its goal
is to deliver unbeatable and valuable experiences to customers through its
powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate service. The company has
been listed in Hong Kong since 1996. It is a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited (0016.HK).
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information               2
Financial Highlights                              3
Business Highlights                               4
Chairman’s Statement                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis               10
Corporate Governance Report                      13
Report of the Directors                          24
Directors Profile                                40
Staff Engagement                                 48
Community Engagement                             50
Group Financial Summary                          52
Independent Auditor’s Report                     53
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             58
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   59
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       60
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 62
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      64
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   66




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                         1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                        Auditors




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               *  Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond            PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               	    Chairman                             Certified Public Accountants
                                               *  Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                    22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                               	    Deputy Chairman                      10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                               *  Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen
                                                    Deputy Chairman
                                                  Ms. Anna YIP
                                                                                         Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                    Chief Executive Officer              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                  Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick             Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                                  Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen              183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               *  Mr. David Norman PRINCE
                                               *  Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas                Principal Share Registrar
                                               *  Mr. John Anthony MILLER
                                                                                         MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               ** Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                                                         4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                               ** Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP
                                                                                         41 Cedar Avenue
                                               ** Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric
                                                                                         Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                               ** Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine
                                               ** Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                                                         Principal Bankers
                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                         Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                                                           Corporation Limited
                                               Company Secretary                         Hang Sang Bank Limited
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin
                                                                                         Legal Advisors to the Company
                                               Authorised Representatives                As to Hong Kong law
                                               Ms. Anna YIP                              Norton Rose Fulbright
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin
                                                                                         As to Bermuda law
                                               Registered Office                         Conyers, Dill & Pearman

                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                                                                         Bermuda Resident
                                                                                         Representative
                                               Head Office and Principal Place           Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               of Business                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                                                                         Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




      2
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                               Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                       2019             2018         Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                              8,415             9,988          (16%)
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                    632               615            3%
Basic earnings per share ($)                                           0.56              0.55            2%
Total dividends per share ($)                                          0.39              0.41           (5%)


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                          9,883          10,018             (1%)
Current liabilities                                                  (2,673)         (2,497)             7%


Total assets less current liabilities                                 7,210            7,521             (4%)
Non-current liabilities                                              (2,133)          (2,689)          (21%)
Non-controlling interests                                               (20)              (33)         (40%)


Net assets                                                            5,057             4,799            5%


Share capital                                                           112               112            0%
Reserves                                                              4,945             4,687            6%


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company            5,057             4,799            5%


                                                                   Year ended 30 June
                                                                       2019             2018         Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash generated from operating activities                          1,304             2,231          (42%)
Interest received                                                        70                63           11%
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (519)             (623)         (17%)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortised cost
   (2018: held-to-maturity debt securities)                              78               145           (46%)
Payment of mobile licence fees                                          (62)               (62)              –
Additions of handset subsidies                                            –              (515)        (100%)
Dividends paid                                                         (374)             (147)         154%




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                     (128)             (140)            (8%)
Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes                                –              (141)        (100%)
Payment or prepayment for repurchase of shares                          (58)             (266)          (78%)
Others                                                                   (2)                 1             N/A


Net increase in pledged bank deposits, short-term
  bank deposits, and cash and cash equivalents                          309              546           (44%)




                                                                                                                    3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone is committed to delivering unbeatable and valuable experiences to customers through
                                                 its powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate services. We continue to lead the market
                                                 through technology leadership, innovation, customer-centric strategy and digitalisation, bringing
                                                 outstanding user experience and valuable services to our customers.




                                               1. Technology Leadership

                                                     Pioneered Hong Kong’s first 5G live field trial in 3.5 GHz and 28 GHz bands simultaneously.




                                                             A dedicated SmarTone Cybersecurity Team offering three-pronged tactics of “People,
                                                             Process and Technology”, helping enterprises detect and prevent cyberthreats.




                                                    “SmarTone 5G X Fun Roadshow” offered an exciting first-hand 5G experience.




      4
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation

     SmarT Home leads with distinct products using reliable Z-wave
     wireless technology to achieve desirable home automation with ease.




                        The second edition of the SmarTone Hackathon, themed Smart Properties
                        continued to nurture talents and promote innovative entrepreneurship in property
                        technology. It attracted more participants from the Greater Bay Area and overseas
                        to unleash their potentials in “technopreneurship”.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                               5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Serving customers in different segments with a full range of services, unparalleled experiences and
                                                    extraordinary privileges, amplifies our 5S standard for network experience in the mobile service industry.




                                                    Standing by with our excellent customer services, we garnered multiple accolades at the
                                                    2018 Service & Courtesy Awards and Smiling Enterprise Award 2018-2019.




                                                                                     A premium membership class has been discovering a world of
                                                                                     prestige for customers, including birthday celebrations, selected offers,
                                                                                     priority and privileges, refined experiences as well as flash surprises.




      6
                                                                 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


4. Digitalisation

     Full digital brand “Birdie Mobile” continues to win in the digital savvy segment with
     numerous awards and industry recognitions.




     Enhancing cutting-edge customer experience                  Chatbot continues to improve customer
     through digitalisation.                                     experience and enhance efficiency.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                            7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year under review the mobile market remained intensely competitive. SmarTone maintained its focus on
                                               building a strong brand, strengthening its customer segmentation, and enhancing customer experience supported by
                                               an excellent network. Customer numbers increased 7% to 2.55 million and postpaid churn rate was at an industry-
                                               low of 0.8%.

                                               Under HKAS 18 which provides a consistent basis for comparison, group service revenue was flat at $5,047 million.
                                               Growth in the Enterprise Solutions business, Digital Brand and Hong Kong roaming offset the pressure from pricing
                                               competition and a weaker handset business. The Company’s productivity drive resulted in a 2% decline in total
                                               operating costs despite growth in customers and data usage. Group EBITDA increased 1% to $2,168 million, while
                                               group net profit declined 1% to $608 million. Excluding a one-off cost adjustment, underlying group net profit
                                               declined 10% to $556 million.

                                               Under HKFRS 15, group service revenue was restated to $4,634 million as part of the revenue in handset-bundled
                                               plans was reallocated to handset and accessories sales. As a result, group EBITDA is restated to $1,842 million
                                               as handset cost was reflected upfront above EBITDA. Group net profit for the year was restated to $632 million.
                                               Excluding a one-off cost adjustment, underlying group net profit would have been $581 million.

                                               The increased focus on customer segmentation and delivering tailored services supported growth in customer
                                               numbers, particularly in the high-tier segment, corporate customers and the digital brand. Mobile postpaid ARPU
                                               continued to be industry-leading at $224 (HKFRS 15).

                                               The Enterprise Solutions business achieved strong growth by capturing corporate demand for advanced information
                                               and communication solutions. In March, SmarTone unveiled the Cybersecurity Solutions practice. By working with
                                               leading-edge solution providers around the world, SmarTone Cybersecurity offers a total solution to prevent and
                                               detect cyber threats as well as providing timely responses when incidents happen. Early response from customers has
                                               been very encouraging.

                                               The Company’s digitalisation drive continued to focus on customer experience and operational effectiveness. S-Bot,
                                               the first bilingual AI chatbot launched by a Hong Kong operator, helped to reduce response time and enhance contact
                                               centre productivity. In addition, the SmarTone Online Store was recognised by the HK Retail Management Association
                                               as one of Hong Kong’s Top 10 E-Shops.

                                               SmarTone’s digital brand, Birdie, continued to register healthy customer growth in the student and millennial
                                               segments. It has won a number of prestigious digital marketing and telecom awards. The Company also launched
                                               Birdie Farm, the first game in Hong Kong to enable players to ‘grow’ in-game rewards into mobile data. In the coming
                                               year, Birdie will continue to build its digital community, enhance customer experience and expand partnerships.

                                               SmarTone continued to invest in the latest technologies to deliver excellent network performance. The Company was
                                               the first operator in Hong Kong to launch Licensed Assisted Access (LAA) to achieve download speeds from 600Mbps
                                               to 1Gbps. This, in combination with the installation of small cells at selected hotspots, have significantly improved
                                               network performance in those high traffic areas. In addition, SmarTone has been investing in preparation for 5G. In
                                               March, the Company pioneered Hong Kong’s first simultaneous 5G live trial in the 3.5GHz and 28GHz bands. The
                                               trial results lay the foundation for SmarTone to deliver cutting-edge 5G network performance in the future.


                                               Dividend
                                               In line with the Company’s 75% payout policy, the Board proposed a final dividend of 21 cents, making a full-year
                                               dividend of 39 cents per share, based on underlying net profit of $581 million (excluding one-off cost adjustment).
                                               Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend scheme.


      8
                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Outlook
The operating environment is marked by unusual macroeconomic uncertainties and intense competition, which
will put pressure on profitability. There will be substantial headwinds in the near term. The Company will focus on
fundamentals to be successful in the highly competitive market, and drive for growth in high potential areas. This
includes deepening its segmentation strategy, expanding Enterprise Solutions, enhancing customer experience and
improving productivity through digitalisation.

Development of 5G technology promises higher data speeds, much lower latency and larger network capacity. In
the medium term, 5G will bring ample new business opportunities, especially with the development of Smart City
initiatives. In the coming months, SmarTone will progressively invest to embrace new business opportunities from 5G.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their dedication and hard work.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 6 September 2019




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year under review, Hong Kong customer number grew 7% year-on-year to 2.55 million through growth in
                                               different segments. Postpaid churn rate remained stable at an industry low of 0.8%.

                                               With the implementation of the new accounting standard, HKFRS 15, a portion of Group service revenue of handset
                                               bundled plans is allocated to handset and accessory sales. Cost of inventories sold are recognised upfront with a
                                               corresponding reduction in handset subsidy amortisation.

                                               Group total revenue decreased by 16% to $8,415 million (2017/18: $9,988 million).

                                               Under HKFRS 15, Group service revenue fell 8% to $4,634 million (2017/18: $5,059 million) as part of the service
                                               revenue of handset bundled plans was allocated to handset and accessory sales. Based on the previous accounting
                                               standard HKAS 18 which provides a consistent basis for comparison with last year, Group service revenue remained
                                               stable despite intense competition. Mobile postpaid ARPU fell 4% to $247 under HKAS 18 ($224 under HKFRS 15).

                                               Roaming revenue, which made up of 16% of Group’s service revenue (2017/18: 14%) remained stable as healthy
                                               growth in data roaming was largely offset by weakness in voice roaming.

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales fell by $1,148 million or 23% to $3,781 million (2017/18: $4,929 million) amid
                                               lower demand for flagship handsets and lengthening handset replacement cycle.

                                               Under HKFRS 15, cost of inventories sold fell by $1,144 million or 24% to $3,723 million (2017/18: $4,867 million), in
                                               line with the corresponding decrease in handset and accessory sales. Handset subsidy can no longer be amortised and
                                               has to be reflected as cost of inventories sold as incurred.

                                               Staff costs rose by $28 million or 4% to $748 million (2017/18: $720 million) amid annual salary increment and
                                               increase in share-based payments due to the grant of share awards to over 300 staff during the year.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $163 million or 7% to $2,102 million (2017/18: $2,265
                                               million) as sales commissions were capitalised as customer acquisition costs and amortised over the contract period
                                               under HKFRS 15 instead of expensed as incurred previously.

                                               Based on the previous accounting standard, cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $98 million
                                               or 4% as a result of ongoing efficiency drives, despite higher customer number and data usage.

                                               Depreciation and loss on disposal rose by $15 million or 2% to $678 million (2017/18: $664 million) amid write off of
                                               certain obsolete equipment.

                                               Handset subsidy amortisation fell by $341 million (2017/18: $341 million) as handset subsidy is no longer amortised
                                               under HKFRS 15. It has to be reflected as cost of inventories sold.

                                               Amortisation of customer acquisition costs rose by $55 million (2017/18: nil) as sales commissions are capitalised
                                               as customer acquisition costs and amortised over contract period under HKFRS 15 instead of expensed as incurred
                                               previously.

                                               Spectrum utilisation fee amortisation remained stable at $285 million.

                                               Finance income rose by $24 million or 39% to $85 million (2017/18: $61 million) mainly amid higher deposit interest
                                               income.



10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Finance costs fell by $13 million or 11% to $108 million (2017/18: $121 million) mainly amid lower interest expenses
on US$ notes payable, lower handset instalment charges and lower accretion expenses on mobile licence fee liabilities.

Income tax expense amounted to $182 million (2017/18: $180 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 22.7%
(2017/18: 22.8%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fees, these payments
have been treated as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis, Group effective tax rate is therefore higher than
16.5%.

During the year under review, Group EBITDA fell by 14% to $1,842 million (2017/18: $2,136 million) mainly due to
the adoption of HKFRS 15. Group operating profit was $823 million, representing a 3% decrease as compared with
last year. Group profit attributable to shareholders rose by 3% to $632 million (2017/18: $615 million). Excluding a
one-off cost adjustment in current year, Group profit attributable to shareholders would have been 6% lower at $581
million.


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was financed by
share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 30 June 2019, the Group recorded
share capital of $112 million, total equity of $5,077 million and total borrowings of $2,303 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including short-term bank deposits) of
$2,129 million as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: $1,828 million).

As at 30 June 2019, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,303 million (30 June 2018: $2,430 million) of
which 78% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. Net cash, including
financial assets at amortised costs, amounted to $310 million as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: net debt of $36
million). Net cash to EBITDA was 0.17X as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: net debt to EBITDA was 0.02X).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $1,304 million and $70 million
respectively during the year ended 30 June 2019. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were
payments for purchase of fixed assets, payment for dividends, tax and mobile licence fees and repayment of bank
borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2020 with internal cash resources and available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortised costs. Bank deposits




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
and financial assets at amortised costs are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $75 million as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: $78 million).




                                                                                                                             11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interest rate exposure




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
                                               accounted for 22% of the Group’s total borrowings at 30 June 2019. The remaining 78% of the Group’s borrowings
                                               are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates in the
                                               future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency movements,
                                               principally in terms of certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, financial asset
                                               at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortised costs, trade and other payables and
                                               bank and other borrowings denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign
                                               exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               Performance bonds
                                               Certain banks, on the Group’s behalf, had issued performance bonds to the telecommunications authorities of
                                               Hong Kong and Macau in respect of obligations under mobile licences issued by those authorities. The total amount
                                               outstanding as at 30 June 2019 under these performance bonds was $404 million (30 June 2018: $4 million).

                                               During the year under review, a bank issued a standby letter of credit of $1,080 million to a subsidiary of the
                                               Company in favour of the Office of the Communications Authority (“OFCA”) regarding the acceptance of the offer of
                                               the right of first refusal for the re-assignment of two of the spectrum.

                                               A bank also issued two standby letters of credit with amounts of $580 million and $760 million respectively, being the
                                               final amount of spectrum utilisation fees determined during the auction.


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,893 full-time employees as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: 1,898), with the majority of them based
                                               in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $748 million for the year ended 30 June 2019 (2017/18: $720 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
                                               under review, 1,830,800 shares were granted and 157,200 share were lapsed. 3,545,400 shares (30 June 2018:
                                               1,871,800) were outstanding as at 30 June 2019.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the year under review, no share options were
                                               granted, cancelled or lapsed. 3,000,000 (30 June 2018: 3,000,000) share options were outstanding as at 30 June
                                               2019.




12
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2019, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except
for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are required to retire from
office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in
accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Code
Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin,
Eric and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 30 October 2018 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements.
The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 73% of all
independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in
person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders. Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, a Non-Executive Director of the
Company, took the chair of the said meeting pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.


The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                            13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Composition




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               As at 30 June 2019, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, six Non-Executive Directors and five Independent
                                               Non-Executive Directors. The presence of eleven Non-Executive Directors, of whom five are independent, is considered
                                               by the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly to the important
                                               function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also serve to ensure that the Board
                                               maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and
                                               balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or
                                               her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


                                               Appointment and re-election of Directors
                                               All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
                                               general meeting once every three years.

                                               One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
                                               annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
                                               accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
                                               Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

                                               Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after their appointment,
                                               and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


                                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                               In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
                                               concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those of the Chief Executive Officer.
                                               The Chairman of the Company is Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is Ms.
                                               Anna Yip. Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The Chairman
                                               is responsible for ensuring that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and
                                               procedures. The Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is
                                               responsible for managing the Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives
                                               adopted by the Board.




14
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalised agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.


Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2019. The attendance record of
the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                 Meetings attended/
                                                                            held during the term of office
Directors                                                                Board Meetings        General Meeting

Executive Directors
Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                                  4/4                       1/1
Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                              4/4                       1/1
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                               4/4                       1/1

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                  4/4                       0/1
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                   4/4                       1/1
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                               4/4                       1/1
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                 4/4                       1/1
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                 4/4                       1/1
Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                 4/4                       1/1




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                  4/4                       1/1
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                       4/4                       1/1
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                  3/4                       0/1
Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                       3/4                       1/1
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                4/4                       0/1




                                                                                                                             15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ training




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
                                               the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
                                               with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
                                               corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
                                               developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

                                               Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
                                               This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

                                               All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
                                               2019, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
                                               business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

                                               Directors                                                                                         Type of trainings

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                        A, B, C
                                               Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick                                                                                    A, B, C
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                        A, C

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                        A, B, C
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                         A, B, C
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                        A, C
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                                             C

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                             C
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                           C

                                               A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




16
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Committees
The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


Board Supervisory Committee (the “BSC”)
The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


Remuneration Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Non-Executive
Director). The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of
the Company.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Remuneration Committee held a meeting (of which all members attended)
and passed a written resolution for approving and/or recommending the emoluments to Directors and senior
management.

Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
measured against corporate objectives.

The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
businesses.




                                                                                                                          17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
                                               the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.


                                               Nomination Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
                                               members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
                                               Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
                                               Company.

                                               The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
                                               and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
                                               The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
                                               sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
                                               available on the Company’s website.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Nomination Committee passed a written resolution for reviewing the size,
                                               structure and composition of the Board and recommending re-election of Directors.

                                               The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
                                               themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2019 Annual General Meeting.

                                               Nomination policy
                                               The Board has formalised its existing practices into a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures
                                               for the selection, appointment and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a
                                               balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and
                                               strategic objectives of the Group.

                                               The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
                                               limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

                                               The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
                                               attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
                                               interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
                                               independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-
                                               executive directors of the Company.

                                               In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings or general meetings of the
                                               Company, the Committee will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the
                                               Board accordingly.




18
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board diversity
The Company adopted a board diversity policy for the Group. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits
of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and
balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting
the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from
a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
benefits of diversity on the Board.

The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board – Composition” of this
Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this Annual
Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.

The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review the policy, as
appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with professional
accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr.
Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members of the Committee are Independent Non-
Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and
experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2019 to review with management and the
Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).




                                                                                                                            19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                 Meetings
                                                                                                                                                            attended/held
                                                                                                                                                           during the term
                                               Directors                                                                                                          of office

                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                          2/2
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                          2/2
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                                     1/2

                                               The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 30 August 2019 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group
                                               for the year ended 30 June 2019 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
                                               Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
                                               are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
                                               were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
                                               the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
                                               control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                               External auditor’s independence
                                               The nature and ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to
                                               scrutiny by the Audit Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of
                                               Audit Committee so as to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.
                                               Details of the fees paid or payable to the auditor for the year ended 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                         HK$

                                               Audit services                                                                                                     2,638,000

                                               Non-audit services
                                                 Taxation                                                                                                            292,000
                                                 Review of interim financial statements                                                                              347,000
                                                 Others1                                                                                                             605,000


                                                                                                                                                                  1,244,000


                                               Total fees                                                                                                         3,882,000

                                               Note:

                                               1.   “Non-audit services – Others” mainly consists of consultancy services provided to the Group and other reporting services for
                                                    regulatory authorities, landlords and business partners.




20
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at and for the year ended 30 June
2019 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers. Before the commencement of the said audit, the Committee
received written confirmation from PricewaterhouseCoopers confirming that they are independent accountants with
respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of section 290 of the Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
independence and objectivity of PricewaterhouseCoopers and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution
of their re-appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2019 Annual General Meeting.


Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 53 to 57 of this Annual Report.


Risk management and internal control systems
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
effectiveness.

The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organisational structure
and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorised use and disposition; ensure
compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
against material misstatement, loss or fraud.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification, assessment,
treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.




                                                                                                                             21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with seven qualified professionals, which is an independent function




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in
                                               the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
                                               adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
                                               work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
                                               and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
                                               methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
                                               Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover
                                               major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
                                               are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.

                                               The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
                                               and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal control
                                               systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2019. The review considered the adequacy of resources,
                                               qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions,
                                               and their training programmes and budget. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational
                                               and compliance controls and risk management functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s
                                               risk management and internal control systems against control environment, risk management, control activities,
                                               information and communication and monitoring activities on all major business and operational processes. The
                                               review also considered (a) the changes, since the last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and
                                               the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of
                                               management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function
                                               and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board
                                               which enables it to assess control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control
                                               failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in
                                               unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had or may in the future have, a material impact
                                               on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
                                               reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

                                               In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
                                               stipulates the prohibition on unauthorised use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
                                               have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
                                               Futures Ordinance.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
                                               out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
                                               the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2019, they had
                                               fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




22
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Shareholders’ rights
Right to convene special general meeting
The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.

The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
months from the said date.

Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
the attention of the Company Secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the
meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of
the requisitionists:

(a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of
      any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

(b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not
      more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be
      dealt with at that meeting.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.


Communication with shareholders
Investor relations
To manage its relationship with investment community, the Group meets regularly with the press and financial




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
analysts and participates frequently in other conferences and presentations. The Company also communicates to
its shareholders through announcements and annual and interim reports. All such reports and announcements can
also be accessed via the Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of the
management team also respond to inquiries from shareholders and investment community promptly.

Dividend policy
The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earning performance, financial position, investment and funding
requirements, and future prospects. The normal target payout ratio is 75% of the Group’s recurring profit attributable
to shareholders of the year. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to
time.


                                                                                                                               23
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2019.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
                                               The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
                                               note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

                                               An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Business review
                                               The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 9 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 10 to 12 of this
                                               Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
                                               the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

                                               Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


                                               (i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
                                                    As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
                                                    on pages 21 to 22, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
                                                    management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
                                                    Group’s operations and business.

                                                    The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The followings are the key
                                                    risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

                                                    Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competitions, which had led to pricing pressure
                                                    and increased marketing costs.

                                                    Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
                                                    business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
                                                    operations and affect the service to customers.

                                                    Compliance – The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make
                                                    sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws
                                                    and regulations will result in legal penalty, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

                                                    Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
                                                    statements.


                                               (ii) Environmental policies and performance
                                                    The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
                                                    awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
                                                    build a green living environment.




24
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
     The Group recognises the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and risks of non-
     compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws and
     regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To
     the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
     regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2019.


(iv) Relationship with employees
     People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
     training and career development opportunities. It also recognises good performance. It provides a variety of
     activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

     The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


(v) Relationship with customers
     The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
     improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
     discussion, market survey, hotline, social media, online live chat, etc.

     The Group’s superior service has been widely recognised, as evidenced by the service awards received from
     various reputable organisations during the past years.


(vi) Relationship with suppliers
     The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
     anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
     suppliers.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2019 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
page 58.


Dividend
An interim dividend of $0.18 per share (2017/18: $0.18 per share) was paid on 27 March 2019. The Directors
recommended a final dividend of $0.21 per share (2017/18: $0.23 per share), making a total dividend of $0.39 per
share for the full year ended 30 June 2019 (2017/18: $0.41 per share). The proposed final dividend, if approved at the




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, will be payable in cash, with an option for the shareholders of
the Company to receive new fully paid shares of nominal value of $0.10 each in the share capital of the Company in
lieu of cash, or partly in cash and partly in new shares under a scrip dividend scheme.


Five years financial summary
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
page 52.




                                                                                                                            25
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Distributable reserves




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2019, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
                                               laws, amounted to $2,238,395,000 (30 June 2018: $1,265,864,000).


                                               Donations
                                               During the year, charitable and other donations made by the Group amounted to $15,000 (2017/18: Nil).


                                               Shares issued in the year
                                               Details of the shares issued in the year ended 30 June 2019 are shown in note 33 to the consolidated financial
                                               statements.


                                               Directors
                                               The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

                                               * Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                             **   Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                               	  Chairman
                                                                                                         **   Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
                                               * Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
                                               	  Deputy Chairman                                        **   Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

                                               * Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                 **   Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine
                                               	  Deputy Chairman
                                                                                                         **   Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                Ms. Anna Yip
                                               	 Chief Executive Officer

                                                    Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick

                                                    Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

                                               *    Mr. David Norman Prince

                                               *    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

                                               *    Mr. John Anthony Miller

                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director




26
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Mr. Chau Kam-kun,
Stephen, Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas, Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric and Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine retire by rotation at
the forthcoming annual general meeting. All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.

The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
Company’s Bye-laws.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or her
independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


Directors’ emoluments
The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
Company are based on terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 are shown in note 39 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
business
Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


Biographical details of Directors
Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 40 to 47.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                             27
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               As at 30 June 2019, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
                                               underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
                                               XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
                                               of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
                                               positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
                                               register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
                                               Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to
                                               the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the HKSE, were as follows:


                                               1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                           Number of shares held
                                                                               Personal                                              Number of
                                                                               interests                                             underlying
                                                                                (held as                                            shares held
                                                                              beneficial                Other                      under equity                   % of shares
                                                    Name of Director             owner)              interests         Total        derivatives           Total      in issue


                                                    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond           –            5,162,3371      5,162,337                     –    5,162,337          0.46

                                                    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen         437,359                     –       437,359                      –     437,359           0.04

                                                    Anna Yip                          –                     –             –            3,000,0002     3,229,000          0.29
                                                                                                                               (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                 in share options)

                                                                                                                                         229,0003
                                                                                                                                (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                      in unvested
                                                                                                                               shares under share
                                                                                                                                  award scheme)

                                                    Chan kai-lung, Patrick            –                     –             –              146,0003      146,000           0.01
                                                                                                                                (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                      in unvested
                                                                                                                               shares under share
                                                                                                                                   award scheme)

                                                    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             –               11,0004        11,000              146,0003      157,000           0.01
                                                                                                                                (Personal interests
                                                                                                                                      in unvested
                                                                                                                               shares under share
                                                                                                                                   award scheme)




28
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                      (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



  Notes:

  1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
       beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

  2.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
       physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
       entitled “Share option scheme”.

  3.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share
       award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

  4.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
  (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                 Number of shares held
                                     Personal                                            Number of
                                     interests                                           underlying
                                      (held as                                          shares held
                                    beneficial               Other                     under equity                 % of shares
       Name of Director                owner)             interests            Total    derivatives         Total      in issue


       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond        188,743          524,284,6861      524,543,429              –   524,543,429         18.10
                                                            70,0002

       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen            1,000                    –             1,000              –         1,000          0.00

       David Norman Prince              2,000                    –             2,000              –         2,000          0.00

       Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                  –                7,0003            7,000              –         7,000          0.00

       Li Ka-cheung, Eric                   –                4,0284            4,028              –         4,028          0.00

       Notes:

       1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
       2.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

       3.     These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

       4.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




                                                                                                                                     29
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         Number of shares held
                                                                                             Personal                                               Number of
                                                                                             interests                                              underlying
                                                                                              (held as                                             shares held
                                                                                            beneficial                Other                       under equity                               % of shares
                                                        Name of Director                       owner)              interests             Total     derivatives                   Total          in issue


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                      –            3,485,0001        3,485,000                 –              3,485,000              0.15

                                                        Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                          –                    –                  –       8,000,0002              8,000,000              0.34

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                   50,000                    –            50,000                 –                50,000               0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
                                                               beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.     These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                               physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
                                                               options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                                                   Outstanding     Granted        Exercised    Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                                                                     Exercise          Exercise       at 1 July      during          during Lapsed during      at 30 June
                                                               Name of Director      Date of grant      price           period*           2018     the year        the year      the year            2019
                                                                                                            $

                                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016          2.45 8 March 2017 to      4,000,000           –               –               –      4,000,000
                                                                                                                  7 March 2021

                                                                                      22 May 2019          6.69   22 May 2020 to             –    4,000,000              –               –      4,000,000
                                                                                                                    21 May 2024

                                                               *      The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                                      date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                                                      part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




30
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
         associated corporations:

                                                   Attributable Attributable %                   Actual
                                                        holding    of shares in                 Holding          Actual %
          Name of associated                           through issue through                   through         interests in
          corporation                              corporation     corporation              corporation     issued shares


          Splendid Kai Limited                             2,500                   25             1,5001                 15

          Hung Carom Company Limited                           25                  25                 151                15

          Tinyau Company Limited                                1                  50                  11                50

          Open Step Limited                                     8                  80                  41                40

          Note:

          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
               a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2019, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the HKSE
pursuant to the Model Code.


Share option scheme
The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on
8 December 2011 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company granted/may
grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the
Company.


1. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
     A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below pursuant to the requirements as
     contained in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules:




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
     (a) Purpose
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to reward participants who have made a valuable contribution
          to the growth of the Group and to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain employees who are
          regarded as valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of
          the Group.




                                                                                                                                    31
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) Participants




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of the subsidiaries, including any
                                                        director of the Company or any of the subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of
                                                        the Group based on his work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
                                                        relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme at the invitation of the Directors.

                                                   (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
                                                        The Company can issue options so that the total number of shares that may be issued upon exercise of
                                                        all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
                                                        Company does not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share
                                                        Option Scheme. The Company may renew this limit at any time, subject to shareholders’ approval and
                                                        the issue of a circular and in accordance with the Listing Rules provided that the number of shares to be
                                                        issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under all the share option
                                                        schemes of the Company does not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time. At 6 September
                                                        2019, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 102,761,185 shares which represents
                                                        approximately 9.15% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                        Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share of the Company.

                                                   (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                        The maximum entitlement for any participant is that the total number of shares issued and to be issued
                                                        upon exercise of options granted and to be granted in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest
                                                        grant does not exceed 1% of the relevant class of shares in issue.

                                                   (e) Time of exercise of option
                                                        The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
                                                        Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

                                                        The Share Option Scheme does not specify any minimum holding period before the option can be exercised
                                                        but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum holding period when the options are granted.

                                                   (f) Payment on acceptance of option
                                                        Acceptance of offer to grant an option shall be sent in writing together with a remittance in favour of the
                                                        Company of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant and must be received by the secretary of the
                                                        Company within 28 days from the date of the making of such offer.

                                                   (g) Basis of determining the exercise price
                                                        The price per share payable upon the exercise of any option will be determined by the Directors upon the
                                                        grant of such option. It will be at least the higher of (i) the average closing price of a share as stated in the
                                                        daily quotations sheets issued by the HKSE for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day of offer
                                                        of such option; (ii) the closing price of a share as stated in the HKSE’s daily quotations sheet on the day of
                                                        offer of such option, which must be a business day; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

                                                   (h) Remaining life
                                                        The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
                                                        adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2011.




32
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                 Outstanding     Granted      Exercised    Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                   Exercise          Exercise       at 1 July      during        during Lapsed during     at 30 June
    Grantee        Date of grant      price           period1           2018     the year      the year      the year           2019
                                          $


    Director
    Anna Yip        25 July 2016      14.28    25 July 2017 to     3,000,000           –              –             –     3,000,000
                                                 24 July 2021

    Note:

    1.    The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to two-
          thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
          anniversary of the date of grant.

    As at 6 September 2019, options to subscribe for a total of 3,000,000 shares were still outstanding under the
    Share Option Scheme which represents approximately 0.27% of the issued shares of the Company.

    Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
    participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
    granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the year.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected
employees until the end of each vesting period.


1. Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
    A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

    (a) Purpose and objectives




                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognise the contributions by certain
          employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and
          development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

    (b) Administration
          The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
          Scheme Rules.




                                                                                                                                           33
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (c) Duration




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the
                                                        Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                                   (d) Maximum limit
                                                        The Board shall not make any further award of shares which will result in the aggregate number of shares
                                                        awarded by the Board throughout the duration of the Share Award Scheme to be in excess of 10% of the
                                                        number of shares of the Company in issue as at the Adoption Date (that is, 1,124,269,277 shares).

                                                   (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any
                                                        employee (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share
                                                        Award Scheme as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or
                                                        allocation of awarded shares.

                                                        The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded
                                                        sums and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number
                                                        of shares in accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such
                                                        shares until they are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

                                                        When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                        the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer
                                                        the relevant awarded shares to that selected employee.

                                                   (f) Vesting and Lapse
                                                        Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
                                                        the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
                                                        anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
                                                        award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee
                                                        of the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

                                                        Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such
                                                        shares for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having
                                                        taken into account the recommendations of the Board.

                                                   (g) Voting Rights
                                                        The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

                                                   (h) Termination
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date
                                                        or such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect
                                                        any subsisting rights of the selected employees.




34
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Movements of awarded shares
  Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme
  during the year ended 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of awarded shares
                                                                  Outstanding    Awarded         Vested           Lapsed     Outstanding
                                                       Vesting       at 1 July      during        during           during      at 30 June
  Awardee                  Date of award               period1           2018     the year      the year         the year            2019


  Directors
  Anna Yip                   29 June 2018      29 June 2019 to        109,000           –             –                 –        109,000
                                                 29 June 2021

                           31 January 2019   31 January 2020 to             –     120,000             –                 –        120,000
                                               31 January 2022

  Chan kai-lung, Patrick     29 June 2018      29 June 2019 to         73,000           –             –                 –         73,000
                                                 29 June 2021

                           31 January 2019   31 January 2020 to             –      73,000             –                 –         73,000
                                               31 January 2022

  Chau Kam-kun, Stephen      29 June 2018      29 June 2019 to         73,000           –             –                 –         73,000
                                                 29 June 2021

                           31 January 2019   31 January 2020 to             –      73,000             –                 –         73,000
                                               31 January 2022

  Employees                  29 June 2018      29 June 2019 to      1,616,800           –             –          (130,500)     1,486,300
                                                 29 June 2021

                           31 January 2019   31 January 2020 to             –    1,564,800            –           (26,700)     1,538,100
                                               31 January 2022

  Note:

  1.     30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall
         vest on the third anniversary date of the date of award.




                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                                               35
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               As at 30 June 2019, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                  Total number                  % of shares
                                               Name                                                                                   of shares                    in issue


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                            798,054,590                       70.96%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                              798,984,902                       71.04%

                                               Note:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 42,741,737 shares and 755,312,853 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in 755,312,853 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
                                                    interests in an aggregate of 798,054,590 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 798,054,590 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 798,054,590 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2019, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
                                               or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
                                               Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
                                               SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                               a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.




36
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Directors’ interests in competing business
None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
Group.


Permitted indemnity provision
The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which
he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
the extent permitted by the laws.

The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


Sufficiency of public float
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.


Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Company repurchased 7,350,000 shares of the Company on the HKSE. Of
these repurchased shares, 6,800,000 shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2019 and the balance of 550,000 shares
were cancelled subsequently after 30 June 2019. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                 Number of shares                  Price per share                          Aggregate
Month of repurchase                  repurchased                   Highest                Lowest             price paid
                                                                          $                    $                      $


July 2018                                   744,000                    8.00                   7.93           5,938,000
September 2018                              819,500                    8.14                   7.83           6,506,000
April 2019                                  585,000                    8.20                   8.16           4,785,000
May 2019                                  3,961,500                    8.15                   7.65          31,287,000
June 2019                                 1,240,000                    7.66                   7.30           9,219,000


                                          7,350,000                                                         57,735,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
Save as disclosed above, and except that the trustee of the share award scheme of the Company, pursuant to the
terms of the rules and trust deed of the scheme, purchased on the HKSE a total of 1,092,000 shares of the Company
at a total consideration of $8,959,000, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2019 was there any purchase, sale
or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.




                                                                                                                                37
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Equity-linked agreements




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
                                               the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
                                               the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


                                               Management contracts
                                               No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
                                               the Company were entered into or existed during the year.


                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases and revenues attributable to major suppliers and customers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                               46%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                         57%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s largest customer                                                27%
                                               Percentage of revenues attributable to the Group’s five largest customers                                          33%

                                               None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the Directors
                                               owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers or customers
                                               noted above.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements also constituted
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. For the year ended 30 June 2019, rental and licence fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP totalled $128,834,000.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2019, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $4,072,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.




38
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
     or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
     Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions
     in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in accordance
     with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to
     HKSE.

2.   At 30 June 2019, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 6 September 2019




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                              39
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Directors




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 66) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from The Open
                                               University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
                                               Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui                 Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 69) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of
                                               the CPA Australia. He has been a practising solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo
                                               Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor
                                               in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
                                               Holdings Limited. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group Holdings Limited and
                                               Agile Group Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a
                                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. He had held the positions of deputy chairman
                                               of the council of The Open University of Hong Kong, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors
                                               Limited, a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of
                                               Hong Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from The Open University of
                                               Hong Kong in 2016.




40
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 51) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a
Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in
1996–1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
is also a director of certain SHKP subsidiaries. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited. Mr. Fung was a non-executive
director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited).

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in 1997. During
his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and also served institutions in Europe and
Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner
of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong
Kong Chinese to become a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in
McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the president of
the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an honorary treasurer of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth
Groups, and a council member and an executive committee member of The Hong Kong Management Association. He
is also a council member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund, a member of the board of the Asian Youth Orchestra,
a member of the Advisory Committee on Gifted Education of Education Bureau of the Government of Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region and a member of the board of the Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.


Anna YIP          Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip (aged 49) was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June 2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree (First Honours) in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong,
and both MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.

Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the overall performance
of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip was the Managing Director for Corporate
Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas Bank in Singapore. Previously, she was a Partner with




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
McKinsey & Company in Greater China where she was a co-leader of the Asia Financial Institutional Group and led
the Asia Payments practice. Ms. Yip has rich experience in leading organisations to build a strong service culture and
drive superior customer engagement across multiple channels.

Ms. Yip is currently an independent non-executive director of Bupa (Asia) Limited. She is also a member of the
Advisory Board of MBA Programs and an advisor to the Alumni Entrepreneurs Association of The Chinese University of
Hong Kong. She is an appointed lay member by the HKSAR Government at the Joint Committee on Student Finance
and an ex-council member of The Open University of Hong Kong.

Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




                                                                                                                             41
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Patrick Chan (aged 59) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October 1996 and became
                                               Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer responsible for the formulation and
                                               execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk management and corporate development. He is also
                                               responsible for investor relations, legal and regulatory affairs and procurement.

                                               Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance at leading
                                               international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December 1994 to May 1996, he was
                                               seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as a full-time member.

                                               Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 58) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a member of the Technology Review Panel of Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research
                                               Institute Company Limited (ASTRI), the Executive Council of Hong Kong Information Technology Federation (HKITF)
                                               and the Executive Committee of Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK). He is also a member of the
                                               Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, the
                                               Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering of The University of
                                               Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of City University
                                               of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




42
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince (aged 68) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun
Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the
global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 66) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director
of Wilson Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu
had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business
operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                            43
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller (aged 69), SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

                                               Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by Sun
                                               Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, The Kowloon Motor
                                               Bus Company (1933) Limited and RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited). He was
                                               also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                               Limited.

                                               Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
                                               Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning
                                               35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
                                               2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
                                               (1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
                                               and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
                                               degree from London University.


                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li (aged 66), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was
                                               appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified
                                               Public Accountants and an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport
                                               International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited and China Resources
                                               Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

                                               Dr. Li was an independent non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group
                                               Limited).

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
                                               a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, a past
                                               president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-member of the
                                               Financial Reporting Review Panel.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.




44
                                                                           DIRECTORS PROFILE



NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 70) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent
non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013), Hanhua Financial Holding Co.,
Ltd. (since June 2013) and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited (since 1 March 2018).

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress, P.R.C.

Mr. Ng was a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (until 13 April 2018), vice-chairman of Chiyu
Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until
May 2017), general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from
2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong
from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of
the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Programme
Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative
Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority
from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing
board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management
of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
the Company.


GAN Fock-kin, Eric             Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan (aged 56) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president
of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SoftBank Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for Goldman
Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia, including the listing of
SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and many other telecom related IPO
and advisory projects.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
Japan (since 1990).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




                                                                                                                          45
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mrs. Christine Ip (aged 55) was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
                                               Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater
                                               China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong Kong since 2012 and CEO Greater China with effect
                                               from 1 July 2016.

                                               Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
                                               she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
                                               in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
                                               States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                                               Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
                                               2008.

                                               Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
                                               University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The Institute of Bankers.


                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 45) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

                                               Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
                                               Two Sigma (with effect from 8 April 2019).

                                               Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
                                               Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
                                               Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
                                               Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
                                               Pennsylvania.

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
                                               from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
                                               Franklin Scholar.




46
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except the Executive Directors) and there is no
fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which
are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by
the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary performance
bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director
of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws
of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority
granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of
directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated 1 May 2002 under
which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect from 15 May 2002 with no fixed term of
service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility
and performance. He is also entitled to discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability
of the Group. Mr. Chan’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled to a director’s fee
which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to
annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a
basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the
Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’
fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2019 are disclosed in note 39 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2019 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 28 to 31 of this Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                                47
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone understands people is the most valuable assets to the company. We communicate with
                                                 them, empower them with training and career development opportunities as well as recognise
                                                 their performance. We also encourage work-life balance through a variety of activities.




                                               1. Grooming Talents

                                                   Introduce diversified opportunities for people development, including cross-sector exchanges for
                                                   frontline service staff, townhall meeting, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions.




48
                                                                      STAFF ENGAGEMENT



2. Caring for Staff

           Aspiring work-life balance to embark staff’s innovation and creativity in a fun workplace
           with festive delights, happy Friday drinks, happy family Friday, workplace massage session and
           sport events.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                               49
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone is dedicated in corporate social responsibility and is actively engaged in a wide range of
                                                 social service activities to contribute to the community. SmarTone Volunteer Team has also been
                                                 formed to encourage our staff to give back to the society.




                                               1. Caring for the Community

                                                   Giving care and warmth to those in need in the community where we serve, making our
                                                   business more meaningful.




50
                                                            COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



2. Supporting Charities

       With our valuable assets, staff and powerful network, we rendered full support to charity events in town.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                      51
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                2019        2018        2017      2016      2015

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                        8,415        9,988      8,715     18,356    18,659

                                               Profit attributable to equity
                                                 holders of the Company                          632         615         672       797       935

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                     0.56         0.55       0.62       0.75      0.89

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                 438          458        659        644       634
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)               0.39         0.41       0.60       0.60      0.60


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                    9,883      10,018        9,776    10,403    10,814
                                               Current liabilities                            (2,673)     (2,497)      (2,185)   (2,863)   (3,292)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities           7,210        7,521       7,591     7,540     7,522
                                               Non-current liabilities                        (2,133)      (2,689)     (2,956)   (3,176)   (3,614)
                                               Non-controlling interests                         (20)         (33)        (41)      (47)      (57)


                                               Net assets                                      5,057        4,799      4,594      4,317     3,851


                                               Share capital                                     112          112        111        108       106
                                               Reserves                                        4,945        4,687      4,483      4,209     3,745


                                               Total equity attributable to equity
                                                 holders of the Company                        5,057        4,799      4,594      4,317     3,851




52
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements (“Consolidated Financial Statements”) of SmarTone Telecommunications
Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 58 to 140, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2019;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 30 June 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                             53
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                               of the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

                                               •    Revenue recognition

                                               •    Capitalisation of assets and useful lives

                                               Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                         Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition included:

                                               Refer to note 2(aa) and note 2(b) – Summary of •                 Testing the relevant IT control environment in which
                                               significant accounting policies and note 3(a) – Critical         billing and other relevant support systems reside,
                                               accounting estimates and judgements.                             including changes made to processes and new
                                                                                                                applications to support the implementation of HKFRS
                                               We focused on this area because the accuracy of                  15;
                                               revenue amounts recorded in the Consolidated Financial
                                               Statements is an inherent risk in the telecommunications •       Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                               industry. Revenue recognition is therefore designated as         assessments on the identification of performance
                                               a significant audit risk. Significant effort is spent auditing   obligations based on the contractual agreements and
                                               the revenue recognised because of the high volume of             our knowledge of the business;
                                               transactions, complexity of the systems, frequent changes
                                               to a variety of tariff structures and different types of •       Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                               multiple-element contracts.                                      judgements and estimates used to determine the
                                                                                                                stand-alone selling price of each performance
                                               In addition, the Group has adopted HKFRS 15 “Revenue             obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                               from Contracts with Customers” from 1 July 2018                  element arrangements with reference to observable
                                               using the modified retrospective approach which does             market data;
                                               not require restatement of comparatives. Significant
                                               management judgement is required to assess the relative •        Testing, the key controls over the capture and
                                               standalone selling price of each performance obligation          measurement of revenue transactions and performing
                                               and the allocation of revenue among those different              detailed testing of revenue transactions, on a sample
                                               performance obligations in multiple-element contracts.           basis, by tracing the transactions from the billing
                                               Management has used an in-house developed application            systems to supporting documents, such as underlying
                                               to extract relevant data from the existing systems to            invoices, contractual agreements and evidence of
                                               allocate and recognise revenue under the new standard.           cash receipts;

                                                                                                           •    Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                                                                                                allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                                                                                                performance obligation of multiple-element
                                                                                                                arrangements and the related journal entries posting;
                                                                                                                and

                                                                                                           •    Assessing the appropriateness of the methods used
                                                                                                                to determine the impact of the implementation of
                                                                                                                HKFRS 15 and resulting adjustments to opening
                                                                                                                retained earnings under the modified retrospective
                                                                                                                approach.
54
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Capitalisation of assets and useful lives                      We evaluated the design and tested the key controls in
                                                               respect of the capitalisation of fixed assets. We tested, on
Refer to note 2(h) – Summary of significant accounting         a sample basis, the nature of costs incurred for network
policies; note 3(b) – Critical accounting estimates and        under construction and network and testing equipment
judgements                                                     to the underlying supporting invoices and assessed
                                                               whether these expenditure met the capitalisation criteria.
We focused on this area because a number of areas
where management judgement impact the carrying value           We also tested on a sample basis, the timing of transfer
of fixed assets, and their respective depreciation profiles.   of network under construction to network and testing
                                                               equipment during the year, to the engineering status
These include:                                                 reports and supporting documents.

•    the decision to capitalise or expense costs;              We tested the key controls over the annual review of
                                                               asset lives. We assessed the asset lives by considering
•    the timeliness of the transfer from assets in the         our knowledge of the business, the practice as well as
     course of construction; and                               technology development in the telecommunications
                                                               industry.
•    the annual asset life review by management to assess
     the appropriateness of their estimated economic
     useful lives.

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated
Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                                 55
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements that give
                                               a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
                                               Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                               preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                               error.

                                               In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                               alternative but to do so.

                                               The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981
                                               of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                               scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                                    Group’s internal control.

                                               •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                                    related disclosures made by the directors.

                                               •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
                                                    on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
                                                    cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                                                    uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
                                                    Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
                                                    are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                                    conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

56
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse Ming Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 6 September 2019




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                                  57
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                                                     Notes               $000              $000

                                               Service revenue                                                                      4,633,700         5,059,258
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          3,781,337         4,929,234


                                               Revenues                                                                5            8,415,037         9,988,492
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (3,722,748)       (4,867,053)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (376,809)         (368,475)
                                               Staff costs                                                             6             (748,259)         (720,333)
                                               Other operating expenses                                                            (1,725,432)       (1,896,417)
                                               Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal                         9           (1,018,586)       (1,289,773)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       823,203           846,441
                                               Finance income                                                          7               85,190            61,423
                                               Finance costs                                                           8             (107,733)         (120,909)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                 9             800,660           786,955
                                               Income tax expense                                                      10            (181,864)         (179,803)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                618,796          607,152


                                               Attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                                          632,247          615,243
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                              (13,451)           (8,091)


                                                                                                                                      618,796          607,152


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of
                                                 the Company during the year (expressed in cents per share)            14
                                                 Basic                                                                                   56.3              55.4
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 56.3              55.4




                                               The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

58
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                  For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                            2019            2018
                                                                                            $000            $000

Profit for the year                                                                      618,796         607,152


Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial investments, net of tax                                        –           (1,366)
   Currency translation differences                                                       (5,365)           2,050
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
     income, net of tax                                                                   (2,086)               –


Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                                (7,451)            684


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  611,345         607,836


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                                            624,796         615,927
Non-controlling interests                                                                (13,451)          (8,091)


                                                                                         611,345         607,836




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.

                                                                                                                        59
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2019
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                              2019        2018
                                                                                                                  Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Leasehold land and land use rights                                  16        10,038      11,315
                                               Fixed assets                                                        17     2,839,714   2,970,680
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                          18        60,288           –
                                               Contract assets                                                     19       103,196           –
                                               Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22         4,560           –
                                               Financial assets at amortised cost                                  23       156,423           –
                                               Held-to-maturity debt securities                                    23             –     486,599
                                               Intangible assets                                                   24     2,764,958   3,516,902
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       121,568     117,135
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                          26         4,789       5,542


                                               Total non-current assets                                                   6,065,537   7,108,176


                                               Current assets
                                               Inventories                                                         27        79,472     161,465
                                               Financial assets at amortised cost                                  23       326,912           –
                                               Available-for-sale financial assets                                 22             –       6,646
                                               Held-to-maturity debt securities                                    23             –      80,092
                                               Contract assets                                                     19       294,867           –
                                               Trade receivables                                                   25       442,312     364,757
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       167,287     172,877
                                               Other receivables                                                   25       124,995      43,645
                                               Tax reserve certificate                                                      252,362     252,362
                                               Short-term bank deposits                                            28       173,327      96,155
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                           28     1,955,987   1,731,951


                                               Total current assets                                                       3,817,521   2,909,950


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                                                      29      448,469     521,620
                                               Other payables and accruals                                         29      812,171     852,081
                                               Contract liabilities                                                30      267,970           –
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                              508,199     457,389
                                               Bank borrowings                                                     31      430,393     135,789
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits                                           146,172     247,081
                                               Deferred income                                                                   –     222,996
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities                                      32       60,041      60,041


                                               Total current liabilities                                                  2,673,415   2,496,997




60
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                              At 30 June 2019
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2019           2018
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Customer prepayments and deposits                                                      22,650         98,087
Asset retirement obligations                                                           41,911         43,027
Bank and other borrowings                                              31           1,872,516      2,294,592
Mobile licence fee liabilities                                         32              83,309        127,991
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             112,608        125,708


Total non-current liabilities                                                       2,132,994      2,689,405


Net assets                                                                          5,076,649      4,831,724


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          33             112,453        112,426
Reserves                                                                            4,944,710      4,686,655


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                          5,057,163      4,799,081
Non-controlling interests                                                              19,486         32,643


Total equity                                                                        5,076,649      4,831,724

The financial statements on pages 58 to 140 were approved by the Board of Directors on 6 September 2019 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Anna Yip
Director                                         Director




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                    61
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                     2019          2018
                                                                                                                         Notes       $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                           800,660      786,955
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                             17      654,575      647,886
                                                 Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights                       16          643           672
                                                 Amortisation of intangible assets                                        24      285,470      626,065
                                                 Amortisation of customer acquisition costs                               18       54,776             –
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                         9        23,122        15,150
                                                 Finance income                                                           7       (85,190)      (61,423)
                                                 Finance costs                                                            8       107,733      120,909
                                                 Share-based payments                                                     6        12,468         2,304


                                                                                                                                 1,854,257    2,138,518
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Decrease in inventories                                                           81,993        20,238
                                                 Increase in contract assets, trade receivables, deposits, prepayments
                                                   and other receivables                                                           (75,593)     (67,662)
                                                 (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables, accruals, contract
                                                   liabilities and deferred income                                                (108,149)    283,382
                                                 (Decrease)/increase in customer prepayments and deposits                         (153,660)     77,318
                                                 Capitalisation of customer acquisition costs                                      (61,173)          –


                                               Cash generated from operations                                                    1,537,675    2,451,794
                                                 Interest paid                                                                     (78,700)      (88,939)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                                  (155,391)    (132,214)


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         1,303,584    2,230,641


                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                             (519,448)    (622,510)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                              8,074        1,727
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortised cost
                                                    (2018: held-to-maturity debt securities)                                        78,404      144,852
                                                 Payment of mobile licence fees                                                    (62,350)     (62,350)
                                                 Additions of handset subsidies                                           24             –     (514,964)
                                                 (Increase)/decrease in short-term bank deposits                                   (77,501)      29,402
                                                 Interest received                                                                  69,592       62,637


                                               Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (503,229)    (961,206)




62
                                         CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2019                 2018
                                                                     Notes              $000                 $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                    (53,717)           (247,421)
  Prepayment for repurchase of shares                                                  (4,018)             (18,178)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                            (8,987)                   –
  Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                         –                2,385
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                        66,000                    –
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                       (194,426)           (139,706)
  Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes                                                –            (141,122)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                                     (373,964)           (147,114)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                           (569,112)           (691,156)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            231,243             578,279

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                1,731,951            1,146,795
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                              (7,207)               6,877


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                   28          1,955,987            1,731,951


                                                                                        2019                2018
                                                                                        $000                $000

In the consolidated cash flow statement, proceeds from disposal of
   fixed assets comprise:

Net book amount of disposed fixed assets (note 17)                                     31,196              16,877
Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                      (23,122)            (15,150)


Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                                  8,074               1,727




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                         63
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                                                      Capital                         share-based                                                   Non-
                                                                                               Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed      compensation       Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                                                                              capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus             reserve       reserve      profits        Total      interests       Total
                                                                                               $000         $000          $000          $000             $000                $000          $000        $000          $000          $000         $000

                                               At 1 July 2017                                110,581    1,137,774        6,114        11,769              2,507             4,291         1,328    3,319,199     4,593,563       40,734     4,634,297


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                 –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     615,243       615,243         (8,091)    607,152
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value loss on financial investments,
                                                   net of tax                                      –           –        (1,366)            –                  –                    –          –             –       (1,366)            –       (1,366)
                                               Currency translation differences                    –           –             –             –                  –                    –      2,050             –        2,050             –        2,050


                                               Total comprehensive income
                                                  for the year ended 30 June 2018                  –           –        (1,366)            –                  –                    –      2,050     615,243       615,927         (8,091)    607,836


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                       –           –             –             –                  –             2,304             –             –        2,304             –        2,304
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 33(c))              (2,779)          –             –         2,779             (2,159)                –             –     (245,262)     (247,421)            –     (247,421)
                                               Prepayment for repurchase of shares                 –           –             –             –                  –                 –             –       (18,178)     (18,178)            –      (18,178)
                                               Payment of 2017 final dividend (note 33(b))     2,814     259,254             –             –                  –                 –             –     (361,355)      (99,287)            –      (99,287)
                                               Payment of 2018 interim dividend (note 15)      1,810     150,699             –             –                  –                 –             –     (200,336)      (47,827)            –      (47,827)


                                               Total transactions with owners                  1,845     409,953             –         2,779             (2,159)            2,304             –     (825,131)     (410,409)            –     (410,409)


                                               At 30 June 2018                               112,426    1,547,727        4,748        14,548               348              6,595         3,378    3,109,311     4,799,081       32,643     4,831,724




64
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                     For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                             Capital                    share-based                                                     Non-
                                                    Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption       Contributed compensation       Exchange       Retained                  controlling
                                                   capital    premium         reserve        reserve          surplus       reserve        reserve        profits        Total      interests       Total
                                                     $000         $000           $000           $000             $000          $000           $000          $000         $000           $000        $000

At 30 June 2018 as originally reported             112,426    1,547,727         4,748         14,548              348           6,595       3,378       3,109,311    4,799,081        32,643    4,831,724
Changes in accounting policies (note 2(b))               –            –             –              –                –               –           –          61,504       61,504           294       61,798


Restated total equity at 1 July 2018               112,426    1,547,727         4,748         14,548              348           6,595       3,378       3,170,815    4,860,585        32,937    4,893,522
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                      –           –              –              –                 –              –            –       632,247      632,247        (13,451)    618,796
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
    through other comprehensive income,
    net of tax                                           –           –         (2,086)             –                 –              –            –              –       (2,086)            –       (2,086)
Currency translation differences                         –           –              –              –                 –              –       (5,365)             –       (5,365)            –       (5,365)


Total comprehensive income for the year
   ended 30 June 2019                                    –           –         (2,086)             –                 –              –       (5,365)      632,247      624,796        (13,451)    611,345


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                            –           –              –              –                 –         12,468            –             –       12,468              –      12,468
Lapse of share award                                     –           –              –              –               343           (343)           –             –            –              –           –
Repurchase of shares (note 33(c))                     (901)          –              –            901                 –              –            –       (53,717)     (53,717)             –     (53,717)
Prepayment for repurchase of shares                      –           –              –              –                 –              –            –        (4,018)      (4,018)             –      (4,018)
Purchase of shares for Share Award Scheme                –           –              –              –            (8,987)             –            –             –       (8,987)             –      (8,987)
Payment of 2018 final dividend (note 33(b))             73       7,447              –              –                 –              –            –      (257,714)    (250,194)             –    (250,194)
Payment of 2019 interim dividend (note 15)             855      77,197              –              –                 –              –            –      (201,822)    (123,770)             –    (123,770)


Total transactions with owners                         27       84,644              –            901            (8,644)        12,125            –       (517,271)    (428,218)            –     (428,218)


At 30 June 2019                                    112,453    1,632,371         2,662         15,449            (8,296)        18,720       (1,987)     3,285,791    5,057,163        19,486    5,076,649




                                                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                65
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 6 September 2019.


                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
                                                   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                                   stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                                                              Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                                                              Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
                                                              basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at
                                                              fair value.

                                                        (ii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                             adopted by the Group
                                                              The Group has applied the following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to
                                                              existing standards for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing 1 July 2018.

                                                              Annual Improvements Project               Annual Improvements 2014–2016 Cycle
                                                              HKAS 28 (Amendment)                       Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                              HKAS 40 (Amendments)                      Transfers of Investment Property
                                                              HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                       First Time Adoption of HKFRS
                                                              HKFRS 2 (Amendments)                      Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                                                                                           Transactions
                                                              HKFRS 4 (Amendments)                      Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                                                                           Insurance Contracts
                                                              HKFRS 9                                   Financial Instruments
                                                              HKFRS 15                                  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                                                              HKFRS 15 (Amendments)                     Clarifications to HKFRS 15
                                                              HK(IFRIC) 22                              Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

                                                              The Group had to change its accounting policies and make certain modified retrospective adjustments
                                                              following the adoption of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15. The impact of the adoption of these standards is
                                                              disclosed in note 2(b) below. The other standards did not have any impact on the Group’s accounting
                                                              policies and did not require retrospective adjustments.

66
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted
          Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
          been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2019 reporting periods and have not been early
          adopted by the Group.

          Annual Improvements Project                     Annual Improvements 2015–2017 Cycle1
          HKAS 19 (Amendments)                            Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
          HKAS 28 (Amendments)                            Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
          HKFRS 9 (Amendments)                            Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                             its Associate or Joint Venture3
          HKFRS 16                                        Leases1
          HKFRS 17                                        Insurance Contracts2
          HK(IFRIC) 23                                    Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
          3
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

          None of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of
          the Group, except the following set out below:

          HKFRS 16, “Leases”
          HKFRS 16 will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The new standard
          provides a single, on balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees. It will result in almost all
          leases being recognised by the lessee on the consolidated balance sheet, as the distinction between
          operating and finance leases is removed. Under HKFRS 16, an asset (the right to use the leased
          item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and
          low-value leases. In addition, the nature of expenses related to those leases will now change as
          HKFRS 16 replaces the straight-line operating lease expense with a depreciation charge for right-of-
          use assets and interest expense on lease liabilities. With all other variables remain unchanged, the
          new accounting treatment will lead to a higher EBITDA and EBIT. The combination of a straight-line
          depreciation of the right-of-use asset and effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability
          results in a decreasing “total lease expense” over the lease term. In the initial years of a lease, the
          new standard will result in a profit and loss account expense which is higher than the straight-line




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          operating lease expense typically recognised under the current standard, and a lower expense after
          the mid-term of the lease as the interest expense reduces. The Group’s profit after tax for a particular
          year may be affected negatively or positively depending on the maturity of the Group’s overall lease
          portfolio in that year.




                                                                                                                         67
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                        (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                              not yet adopted (continued)
                                                            HKFRS 16, “Leases” (continued)
                                                            As a lessee, the Group can either apply the standard using a full retrospective approach, or a modified
                                                            retrospective approach with optional practical expedients.

                                                            The transition accounting under the full retrospective approach requires entities to retrospectively
                                                            apply the new standard to each prior reporting period presented. Under this transition approach, an
                                                            entity will require extensive information about its leasing transactions in order to apply the standard
                                                            retrospectively. This will include historical information about lease payments and discount rates. It will
                                                            also include the historical information that the entity would have used in order to make the various
                                                            judgements and estimates that are necessary to apply the lessee accounting model. The information
                                                            will be required as at lease commencement, and also as at each date on which an entity would have
                                                            been required to recalculate lease assets and liabilities on a reassessment or modification of the lease.

                                                            In view of the costs and significant complexity involved of applying the full retrospective approach,
                                                            the Group intends to adopt the modified retrospective approach. Under the modified retrospective
                                                            approach, (i) comparative information for prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial
                                                            application of HKFRS 16 is the first day of the annual reporting period in which the Group first applies
                                                            the requirement of HKFRS 16, i.e. 1 July 2019 and (iii) right-of-use assets will be measured at the
                                                            amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted by any prepaid or accrued lease expenses).

                                                            Lease expenses in the consolidated profit and loss account are replaced by depreciation and interest
                                                            expenses. Adoption of the new standard will have effects to the financial performance of the Group by
                                                            increasing EBITDA and EBIT, while, when comparing to the HKAS 17, higher expenses will be incurred
                                                            in the early years of lease terms, diminishing over the lease terms and will result in lower expenses in
                                                            the later part of the lease terms.

                                                            As at 30 June 2019, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitment in respect of land
                                                            and buildings and transmission sites of $1,059,286,000 of which $50,378,000 relate to short term
                                                            leases which does not fall within the scope of HKFRS 16.

                                                            The Group will continue to assess the full impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16 and further update of
                                                            the impact will be provided in the interim report for six months ending 31 December 2019.

                                                            There are no other new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                            that are not yet effective which would be expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s results
                                                            of operations and financial position.




68
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Changes in accounting policies
      This note explains the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments and HKFRS 15 Revenue
      from Contracts with Customers on the Group’s financial statements.

      The adoption of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 has had no impact on the Group’s operating, investing and
      financing cash flows.

      (i)   HKFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”
            HKFRS 9 replaces the provisions of HKAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and
            measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments and
            impairment of financial assets.

            The adoption of HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments from 1 July 2018 resulted in changes in accounting
            policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the financial statements. In accordance with
            the transitional provisions in HKFRS 9, comparative figures have not been restated.

            Reclassification from held-to-maturity debt securities to financial assets at amortised cost
            Bonds that would have previously been classified as held-to maturity are now classified at amortised
            cost. The Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual cash flows and these cash
            flows consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The
            carrying amount of the bonds remained the same on transition to HKFRS 9 and therefore, there is no
            difference to be recognised in the opening retained earnings at 1 July 2018.

            Available-for-sale equity instruments classified as fair value through other comprehensive income
            (“FVOCI”)
            The Group elected to present in OCI changes in the fair value of all its equity investments previously
            classified as available-for-sale, because these investments are held as long-term strategic investments
            that are not expected to be sold in the short to medium term.

      (ii) HKFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
            The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 from 1 July 2018 which resulted in changes in accounting policies.
            In accordance with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15, the Group has adopted the modified
            retrospective approach for transition to the new revenue standard. Under this transition approach,
            (i) comparative information for prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial application
            of HKFRS 15 is the first day of the annual reporting period in which the Group first applies the




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
            requirement of HKFRS 15, i.e. 1 July 2018; (iii) the Group recognises the cumulative effect of initial
            application of HKFRS 15 as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profit (or other
            component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption, i.e. as at 1 July 2018; and (iv) the Group
            elects to apply the new standard only to contracts that are uncompleted contracts at 1 July 2018.

            The new accounting policies are set out in note 2(k), note 2(q), note 2(u) and note 2(aa).




                                                                                                                          69
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                                                        (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements
                                                            The following tables show the adjustments recognised for each individual line items after the
                                                            application of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15:

                                                                                                                     For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                  Reported                          Balance
                                                                                                              under current                     without the
                                                                                                                accounting          Effect of   adoption of
                                                            Consolidated Profit and Loss Account                    policies       HKFRS 15       HKFRS 15
                                                                                                                       $000             $000           $000

                                                            Service revenue                                       4,633,700         413,315      5,047,015
                                                            Handset and accessory sales                           3,781,337        (340,641)     3,440,696


                                                            Revenues                                              8,415,037          72,674       8,487,711
                                                            Cost of inventories sold                             (3,722,748)        318,308      (3,404,440)
                                                            Cost of services provided                              (376,809)              –        (376,809)
                                                            Staff costs                                            (748,259)              –        (748,259)
                                                            Other operating expenses                             (1,725,432)        (65,141)     (1,790,573)
                                                            Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal      (1,018,586)       (355,416)     (1,374,002)


                                                            Operating profit                                        823,203         (29,575)       793,628
                                                            Finance income                                           85,190               –         85,190
                                                            Finance costs                                          (107,733)              –       (107,733)


                                                            Profit before income tax                                800,660         (29,575)       771,085
                                                            Income tax expense                                     (181,864)          4,769       (177,095)


                                                            Profit after income tax                                618,796          (24,806)       593,990


                                                            Attributable to
                                                            Equity holders of the Company                          632,247          (24,618)       607,629
                                                            Non-controlling interests                              (13,451)            (188)       (13,639)


                                                                                                                   618,796          (24,806)       593,990




70
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
      (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements (continued)
                                                                  For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                        Balance
                                                      Reported                                      without the
                                                  under current                                      adoption of
          Consolidated Statement of                 accounting          Effect of      Effect of    HKFRS 9 and
          Comprehensive Income                         policies         HKFRS 9       HKFRS 15         HKFRS 15
                                                          $000              $000           $000            $000

          Profit for the year                          618,796                 –        (24,806)        593,990


          Other comprehensive (loss)/income
          Items that may be reclassified
             subsequently to profit and loss:
             Fair value loss on available-for-
               sale financial assets, net of
               tax                                            –           (2,086)             –           (2,086)
             Currency translation differences            (5,365)               –            620           (4,745)
          Items that will not be reclassified
             subsequently to profit and loss:
             Fair value loss on financial asset
               at fair value through other
               comprehensive income,
               net of tax                                (2,086)           2,086              –                –


          Other comprehensive (loss)/income
            for the year, net of tax                     (7,451)               –            620           (6,831)


          Total comprehensive income for
            the year                                   611,345                 –        (24,186)        587,159


          Total comprehensive income
            attributable to
          Equity holders of the Company                624,796                 –        (23,998)        600,798




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          Non-controlling interests                    (13,451)                –           (188)        (13,639)


                                                       611,345                 –        (24,186)        587,159




                                                                                                                       71
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                                                        (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements (continued)
                                                                                                                       At 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                                     Balance
                                                                                                      Reported                                   without the
                                                                                                  under current                                   adoption of
                                                                                                    accounting    Effect under    Effect under   HKFRS 9 and
                                                            Consolidated Balance Sheet                 policies       HKFRS 9        HKFRS 15       HKFRS 15
                                                                                                          $000            $000            $000          $000

                                                            Non-current assets
                                                            Leasehold land and land use rights          10,038               –              –          10,038
                                                            Fixed assets                             2,839,714               –              –       2,839,714
                                                            Customer acquisition costs                  60,288               –        (60,288)              –
                                                            Contract assets                            103,196               –       (103,196)              –
                                                            Interest in an associate                         3               –              –               3
                                                            Financial asset at fair value
                                                               through other comprehensive
                                                               income                                    4,560         (4,560)              –               –
                                                            Financial assets at amortised cost         156,423       (156,423)              –               –
                                                            Held-to-maturity debt securities                 –        156,423               –         156,423
                                                            Intangible assets                        2,764,958              –         375,804       3,140,762
                                                            Deposits and prepayments                   121,568              –               –         121,568
                                                            Deferred income tax assets                   4,789              –               –           4,789


                                                            Total non-current assets                 6,065,537          (4,560)       212,320       6,273,297


                                                            Current assets
                                                            Inventories                                 79,472              –               –          79,472
                                                            Financial assets at amortised cost         326,912       (326,912)              –               –
                                                            Available-for-sale financial assets              –          4,560               –           4,560
                                                            Held-to-maturity debt securities                 –        326,912               –         326,912
                                                            Contract assets                            294,867              –        (294,867)              –
                                                            Trade receivables                          442,312              –               –         442,312
                                                            Deposits and prepayments                   167,287              –               –         167,287
                                                            Other receivables                          124,995              –               –         124,995
                                                            Tax reserve certificate                    252,362              –               –         252,362
                                                            Short-term bank deposits                   173,327              –               –         173,327
                                                            Cash and cash equivalents                1,955,987              –               –       1,955,987


                                                            Total current assets                     3,817,521          4,560        (294,867)      3,527,214




72
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
      (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements (continued)
                                                                     At 30 June 2019
                                                                                                   Balance
                                                    Reported                                   without the
                                                under current                                   adoption of
                                                  accounting    Effect under   Effect under    HKFRS 9 and
          Consolidated Balance Sheet                 policies       HKFRS 9       HKFRS 15        HKFRS 15
                                                        $000            $000           $000           $000

          Current liabilities
          Trade payables                             448,469              –              –         448,469
          Other payables and accruals                812,171              –         41,579         853,750
          Contract liabilities                       267,970              –       (267,970)              –
          Current income tax liabilities             508,199              –        (16,773)        491,426
          Bank borrowings                            430,393              –              –         430,393
          Customer prepayments and
            deposits                                 146,172              –         30,527         176,699
          Deferred income                                  –              –        216,074         216,074
          Mobile licence fee liabilities              60,041              –              –          60,041


          Total current liabilities                2,673,415              –            3,437      2,676,852


          Non-current liabilities
          Customer prepayments and
            deposits                                  22,650              –               –          22,650
          Asset retirement obligations                41,911              –               –          41,911
          Bank and other borrowings                1,872,516              –               –       1,872,516
          Mobile licence fee liabilities              83,309              –               –          83,309
          Deferred income tax liabilities            112,608              –               –         112,608


          Total non-current liabilities            2,132,994              –                –      2,132,994


          Net assets                               5,076,649              –        (85,984)       4,990,665




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          Capital and reserves
          Share capital                              112,453              –              –          112,453
          Reserves                                 4,944,710              –        (85,502)       4,859,208


          Total equity attributable to equity
            holders of the Company                 5,057,163              –        (85,502)       4,971,661
          Non-controlling interests                   19,486              –           (482)          19,004


          Total equity                             5,076,649              –        (85,984)       4,990,665


                                                                                                                 73
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                                                        (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements (continued)
                                                            As explained in note 2(b)(i) and note 2(b)(ii) above, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 were adopted without
                                                            restating comparative information. The reclassifications and the adjustments are therefore not
                                                            reflected in the balance sheet as at 30 June 2018, but are recognised in the opening balance sheet on
                                                            1 July 2018.

                                                                                                  30 June 2018
                                                                                                   As previously   Effect under    Effect under
                                                            Consolidated Balance Sheet                 reported        HKFRS 9        HKFRS 15      1 July 2018
                                                                                                           $000           $000            $000             $000

                                                            Non-current assets
                                                            Leasehold land and land use rights          11,315                –             –           11,315
                                                            Fixed assets                             2,970,680                –             –        2,970,680
                                                            Customer acquisition costs                       –                –        54,511           54,511
                                                            Contract assets                                  –                –       159,520          159,520
                                                            Interest in an associate                         3                –             –                3
                                                            Financial asset at fair value
                                                               through other comprehensive
                                                               income                                        –           6,646               –           6,646
                                                            Financial assets at amortised cost               –         486,599               –         486,599
                                                            Held-to-maturity debt securities           486,599        (486,599)              –               –
                                                            Intangible assets                        3,516,902               –        (466,474)      3,050,428
                                                            Deposits and prepayments                   117,135               –               –         117,135
                                                            Deferred income tax assets                   5,542               –               –           5,542


                                                            Total non-current assets                 7,108,176           6,646        (252,443)      6,862,379


                                                            Current assets
                                                            Inventories                                161,465                –             –          161,465
                                                            Financial assets at amortised cost               –          80,092              –           80,092
                                                            Available-for-sale financial assets          6,646           (6,646)            –                –
                                                            Held-to-maturity debt securities            80,092         (80,092)             –                –
                                                            Contract assets                                  –                –       305,299          305,299
                                                            Trade receivables                          364,757                –             –          364,757
                                                            Deposits and prepayments                   172,877                –             –          172,877
                                                            Other receivables                           43,645                –             –           43,645
                                                            Tax reserve certificate                    252,362                –             –          252,362
                                                            Short-term bank deposits                    96,155                –             –           96,155
                                                            Cash and cash equivalents                1,731,951                –             –        1,731,951


                                                            Total current assets                     2,909,950          (6,646)       305,299        3,208,603




74
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Changes in accounting policies (continued)
      (iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements (continued)
                                                30 June 2018
                                                 As previously   Effect under    Effect under
          Consolidated Balance Sheet                 reported        HKFRS 9        HKFRS 15     1 July 2018
                                                         $000           $000            $000            $000

          Current liabilities
          Trade payables                             521,620               –               –       521,620
          Other payables and accruals                852,081               –         (37,696)      814,385
          Contract liabilities                             –               –        262,432        262,432
          Current income tax liabilities             457,389               –          12,004       469,393
          Bank borrowings                            135,789               –               –       135,789
          Customer prepayments and
            deposits                                 247,081               –          (22,686)     224,395
          Deferred income                            222,996               –        (222,996)            –
          Mobile licence fee liabilities              60,041               –                –       60,041


          Total current liabilities                2,496,997               –          (8,942)    2,488,055


          Non-current liabilities
          Customer prepayments and
            deposits                                  98,087               –                –       98,087
          Asset retirement obligations                43,027               –                –       43,027
          Bank and other borrowings                2,294,592               –                –    2,294,592
          Mobile licence fee liabilities             127,991               –                –      127,991
          Deferred income tax liabilities            125,708               –                –      125,708


          Total non-current liabilities            2,689,405               –                –    2,689,405


          Net assets                               4,831,724               –          61,798     4,893,522


          Capital and reserves
          Share capital                              112,426               –               –       112,426




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          Reserves                                 4,686,655               –          61,504     4,748,159


          Total equity attributable to equity
            holders of the Company                 4,799,081               –          61,504     4,860,585
          Non-controlling interests                   32,643               –             294        32,937


          Total equity                             4,831,724               –          61,798     4,893,522




                                                                                                                  75
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (c) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                                                        (i)   Subsidiaries
                                                              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                                              controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                                                              with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
                                                              of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                                                              Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
                                                              are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                                              impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                                                              necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                                                              statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                        (ii) Associates
                                                              Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                              control. This is generally the case where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                              Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                              after initially being recognised at cost.

                                                        (iii) Equity method
                                                              Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                                                              thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                              profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                              in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a
                                                              reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                                                              When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                              the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                                                              losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                              Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                              of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                              provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                              investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                              Group.

                                                              The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                              policy described in note 2(l).




76
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (c) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
      (iv) Changes in ownership interests
           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
           transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
           between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
           interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
           attributable to owners of the Company.

           When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
           control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
           fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
           initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
           associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
           income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
           assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
           are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
           applicable HKFRSs.

           If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
           proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
           reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


   (d) Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
      costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
      received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          77
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (e) Segment reporting
                                                        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                                                        operating decision maker.

                                                        The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
                                                        performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions.


                                                   (f) Foreign currency translation
                                                        (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                                                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                                                              the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                                                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
                                                              the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                                                              at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                                                              such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                              currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                                                              Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings, financial assets at
                                                              amortised cost, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and
                                                              losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account on a net basis within “other operating
                                                              expenses”.

                                                              Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
                                                              fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognised in other comprehensive income.




78
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (f) Foreign currency translation (continued)
      (iii) Group companies
            The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
            hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
            are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

            •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                 of that balance sheet,

            •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                 are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                 cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                 expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

            •    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

            On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
            entities are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the associated
            exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

            In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
            includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
            are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss.


   (g) Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortisation (where
      the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(l).

      (i)   Mobile licence fees
            Spectrum utilisation fees represent the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
            telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
            present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,
            together with the related obligations. Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over the
            remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

            The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
            represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being
            ready for its intended use, is capitalised as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
            borrowing costs as set out in note 2(v). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
            use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
            they are incurred.

            Variable annual payments are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.




                                                                                                                             79
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (h) Fixed assets
                                                        Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
                                                        Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                                                        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                                                        appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                                                        the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
                                                        accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
                                                        charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

                                                        Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
                                                        over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

                                                        Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
                                                        Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
                                                        Network and testing equipment                                                                      10%–50%
                                                        Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                                 20%–331/3%
                                                        Other fixed assets                                                                               20%–331/3%

                                                        The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
                                                        cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

                                                        No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
                                                        therein.

                                                        Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.

                                                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                        reporting period.

                                                        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                                                        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(l)).

                                                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                                        included in profit or loss.




80
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (i) Leasehold land and land use rights
      Leasehold land and land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
      Cost represents upfront prepayments made for the rights to use the land on which various plants and
      buildings are situated for periods varying from 10 to 50 years. Amortisation of leasehold land and land use
      rights is expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the
      lease or when there is impairment, the impairment is expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account.


   (j) Leases
      Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not transferred to the Group
      as lessee are classified as operating leases (note 36). Payments made under operating leases (net of any
      incentives received from the lessor) are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of
      the lease.


   (k) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalisation
      The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
      have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
      capitalised as an asset when incurred, and amortised on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
      loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


   (l) Impairment of non-financial assets
      Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
      amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
      carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
      value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
      at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
      of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
      suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
      period.


   (m) Investments and other financial assets
      (i)   Classification
            From 1 July 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

            •    those to be measured subsequently at FVOCI, and




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
            •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

            The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
            contractual terms of the cash flows.

            For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income
            (“OCI”). For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
            whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for
            the equity investment at FVOCI.



                                                                                                                          81
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (m) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                        (i)   Classification (continued)
                                                              The Group classifies its debt instruments at amortised cost. Assets that are held for collection of
                                                              contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are
                                                              measured at amortised cost. The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business
                                                              model for managing those assets changes.

                                                        (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                                                              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                                                              receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                                                        (iii) Measurement
                                                              At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
                                                              are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

                                                              Debt instruments
                                                              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                                                              the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from these financial assets
                                                              is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on
                                                              derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses), together
                                                              with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account.

                                                              Equity instruments
                                                              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                                                              has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
                                                              reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
                                                              investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other
                                                              income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                                                        (iv) Impairment
                                                              From 1 July 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated
                                                              with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                                                              whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. For trade receivables and contract assets,
                                                              the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime
                                                              losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.




82
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (m) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      (v) Accounting policies applied until 30 June 2018
          The Group has applied HKFRS 9 retrospectively, but has elected not to restate comparative
          information. As a result, the comparative information provided continues to be accounted for in
          accordance with the Group’s previous accounting policy.

          Until 30 June 2018, the Group classified its financial assets in the following categories:

          •     loans and receivables,

          •     held-to-maturity debt securities, and

          •     available-for-sale financial assets

          The classification determined on the purpose for which the investments were acquired. Management
          determined the classification of its investments at initial recognition and, in the case of assets classified
          as held-to-maturity, re-evaluated this designation at the end of each reporting period.

          (a)   Subsequent measurement
                Subsequent to the initial recognition, loans and receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities
                were subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                Available-for-sale financial assets were subsequently carried at fair value. Gains or losses
                arising from changes in the fair value for available-for-sale financial assets were recognised
                in other comprehensive income. When securities classified as available-for-sale were sold, the
                accumulative fair value adjustments recognised in other comprehensive income were reclassified
                to profit or loss.

                Dividends on available-for-sale financial assets were recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
                right to receive payments was established.

                Interest on held-to-maturity debt securities and loans and receivables calculated using the
                effective interest method was recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as finance
                income.

          (b)   Impairment of financial assets




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
                The Group assessed at the end of each reporting period whether there was objective evidence
                that a financial asset or a group of financial assets was impaired. A financial asset or a group of
                financial assets was impaired and impairment losses were incurred only if there was objective
                evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial
                recognition of the asset (a “loss event”) and that loss event (or events) had an impact on the
                estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of financial assets that can be reliably
                estimated. In the case of equity investments classified as available-for-sale, a significant or
                prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost was considered an indicator that
                the assets are impaired.




                                                                                                                             83
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (m) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                        (v) Accounting policies applied until 30 June 2018 (continued)
                                                             (b)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                                                                   Assets carried at amortised cost
                                                                   For loans and receivables, the amount of the loss was measured as the difference between the
                                                                   asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future
                                                                   credit losses that had not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective
                                                                   interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset was reduced and the amount of the loss was
                                                                   recognised in profit or loss. As a practical expedient, the Group could measure impairment on the
                                                                   basis of an instrument’s fair value using an observable market price.

                                                                   If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreased and the decrease could
                                                                   be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such as an
                                                                   improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised impairment
                                                                   loss was recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                   Assets classified as available-for-sale
                                                                   If there was objective evidence of impairment for available-for-sale financial assets, the cumulative
                                                                   loss – measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any
                                                                   impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in profit or loss – was removed from
                                                                   equity and recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                   Impairment losses on equity instruments that were recognised in profit or loss were not reversed
                                                                   through profit or loss in a subsequent period.


                                                   (n) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                        currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                                        on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                        arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                        in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                   (o) Inventories
                                                        Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
                                                        Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
                                                        ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.




84
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (p) Trade receivables
      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
      course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
      classified as current.

      Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
      the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(m) for a description of the Group’s
      impairment policies.


   (q) Contract assets
      Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognised when the Group has performed
      the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
      payment is due.


   (r) Cash and cash equivalents
      For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
      at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
      investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
      of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


   (s) Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
      deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including
      any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
      Company’s equity holders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
      shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
      transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
      equity holders.

      Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
   (t) Trade and other payables
      These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
      financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
      as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
      recognised initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortised costs using the effective
      interest method.




                                                                                                                         85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (u) Contract liabilities
                                                        The Group recognises contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to
                                                        an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
                                                        to the customer.


                                                   (v) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                                                        settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                                                        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                        production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                        prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                        period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                        on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                                                        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   (w) Current and deferred income tax
                                                        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                                                        based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                        liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                        (i)   Current income tax
                                                              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                              enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                              and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                                                              taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                                                              interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
                                                              to the tax authorities.




86
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (w) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
      (ii) Deferred income tax
           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
           affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
           (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
           expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
           liability is settled.

           Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
           utilise those temporary differences and losses.

           Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
           amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
           the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
           reverse in the foreseeable future.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
           tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
           Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
           and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
           in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


   (x) Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
      events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
      can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
      not recognised for future operating losses.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
      settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
      if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
      be small.

      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
      to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
      present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
      risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
      expense.




                                                                                                                               87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (y) Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not recognised
                                                              until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company after certain adjustments.
                                                              The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that
                                                              has created a constructive obligation.

                                                        (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                              The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                                              for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                              schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                              Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
                                                              as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognised
                                                              as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
                                                              are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                              available.

                                                              The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                              contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                              employee service in the current and prior periods.

                                                        (iv) Share-based payments
                                                              Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share option scheme and share
                                                              award scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 34. The Group operates equity-
                                                              settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
                                                              consideration for equity instruments of the Group.




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (y) Employee benefits (continued)
      (iv) Share-based payments (continued)
           Share option scheme
           The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised
           as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
           by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
           (for example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
           impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
           sales growth targets). The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over
           which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period,
           the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
           market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
           any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

           When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
           directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

           The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
           undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
           received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
           an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
           financial statements.

           Share award scheme
           Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
           value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognised as an
           expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
           reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognised
           over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
           satisfied.

           The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
           treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognised
           over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
           equity in the parent entity financial statements.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
   (z) Contingent assets and liabilities
      A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
      only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
      the Group.

      Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
      inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognised.




                                                                                                                          89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (z) Contingent assets and liabilities (continued)
                                                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                                                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                                                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                        cannot be measured reliably.

                                                        A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                        change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a
                                                        provision.


                                                   (aa) Revenue recognition
                                                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
                                                        and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                        discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                        The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                        future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                        activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                        consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                        Revenue is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:

                                                        (i)   Sales of goods
                                                              Revenue from the sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has been transferred to
                                                              the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
                                                              title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                        (ii) Provision of services
                                                              Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                              and facilities and is recognised when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                              service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

                                                        (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                              The amount of revenue recognised for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                              standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                              element provided within the bundled contracts.

                                                        (iv) Interest income
                                                              Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial asset at FVOCI (2018: available-for-
                                                              sale financial assets, held-to-maturity debt securities and loans and receivables) calculated using the
                                                              effective interest method is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as part of “finance
                                                              income”. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                                                              amount of a financial asset.




90
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (aa) Revenue recognition (continued)
      (iv) Interest income (continued)
            Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
            financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
            financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset
            (after deduction of the loss allowance).

      (v) Dividend income
            Dividends are recognised as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.


   (ab) Earning per share
      (i)   Basic earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

            •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company

            •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                 excluding shares held for share award scheme.

      (ii) Diluted earnings per share
            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
            take into account:

            •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                 assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


   (ac) Dividend distribution
      Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
      the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
      the reporting period.


   (ad) Financial guarantee
      A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
      for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the
      terms of a debt instrument. The Group recognises financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and
      performs a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
      guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
      or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
      entire difference is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.




                                                                                                                              91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (ae) Related parties
                                                        For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the
                                                        Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the
                                                        party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are
                                                        subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals including
                                                        key management or other entities.


                                               3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                   The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                                                   equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
                                                   policies.

                                                   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                   including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
                                                   reasonable under the circumstances.


                                                   (a) Revenue recognition
                                                        The amount of revenue recognised for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                        standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                        element provided within the bundled contracts. The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement
                                                        in relation to estimating the fair value of undelivered element.


                                                   (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                        The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                        annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
                                                        each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
                                                        estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
                                                        economic utilisation and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
                                                        time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
                                                        the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
                                                        Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                        unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                        trends and rapid advancement in technology.


                                                   (c) Impairment of assets
                                                        At each balance sheet date, the Group performs an impairment assessment of fixed assets and intangible
                                                        assets.

                                                        Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
                                                        (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
                                                        be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
                                                        projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
                                                        selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
                                                        the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
                                                        financial condition and results of operations.


92
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  (d) Current and deferred income tax
         The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
         determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
         were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
         in the period in which such determination is made.

         The Group has exercised its critical judgement in determining the taxability of certain income and
         deductibility of certain payments in assessing the Group’s current and deferred taxation, which are revisited
         from time to time. In prior years, the Group had taken the position in the past to treat the one-off upfront
         payments for spectrum utilisation fees as tax-deductible on the same basis as for annual payments.
         Commencing from the year ended 30 June 2014, in light of the uncertainty of the outcome of the tax
         deductibility of the spectrum utilisation fee by the Inland Revenue Department (“IRD”), the payment has
         been treated as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis, and an under-provision for current income
         tax of approximately $250 million and reversal of deferred tax of approximately $228 million was recorded
         for the year ended 30 June 2014. While the Group will vigorously defend its position and pursue tax
         deduction for the one-off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation, should the IRD decide to treat the one-
         off upfront payments for spectrum utilisation fees as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis and this
         view be upheld, the Group effective tax rate in subsequent years is also likely to be higher than 16.5%.


4 Financial risk management
  This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
  financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
  context.

  Risk                                  Exposure arising from                                 Measurement

  Market risk –                         Future commercial transactions                        Cash flow forecasting
   foreign exchange                     Recognised financial assets and liabilities not       Sensitivity analysis
                                          denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
  Market risk – interest rate           Long-term borrowings at variable rates                Sensitivity analysis
  Market risk – security prices         Investments in equity securities                      Sensitivity analysis
  Credit risk                           Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,         Aging analysis
                                          financial assets at amortised cost and contract     Credit ratings
                                          assets
  Liquidity risk                        Borrowings and other liabilities                      Projected cash flow
                                                                                                analysis




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
  The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimise
  the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
  financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.




                                                                                                                               93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                        (i)   Market risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                              There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                              Foreign exchange risk
                                                              Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities
                                                              denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                              with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will
                                                              impact the Group’s operating results.

                                                              Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                              currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.

                                                              Exposure
                                                              The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, expressed in Hong
                                                              Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                                                                             2019               2018
                                                                                                                                             USD                 USD
                                                                                                                                             $000               $000

                                                              Financial assets at amortised cost                                          483,335                  –
                                                              Held-to-maturity debt securities                                                  –            566,691
                                                              Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income              4,560                  –
                                                              Available-for-sale financial assets                                               –              6,646
                                                              Trade receivables                                                            51,258             24,456
                                                              Other receivables                                                            18,599              3,761
                                                              Short-term bank deposits                                                    173,327             93,770
                                                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                 1,695,503          1,478,153
                                                              Bank and other borrowings                                                (1,787,958)        (1,921,845)
                                                              Trade payables                                                              (81,459)          (325,349)
                                                              Other payables and accruals                                                 (46,672)           (23,686)

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange
                                                              rates. The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from US-dollar
                                                              denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                      Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                                           $000             $000

                                                              US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                           5,105               (974)
                                                              US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                          (5,105)               974

                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant

94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank and other
            borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk which is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings
            and financial assets at amortised cost issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate
            risk.

            The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as
            follows:

                                                        2019     % of total                2018         % of total
                                                        $000    borrowings                 $000        borrowings

            Variable rate borrowings                 514,951            22%            508,536                21%
            Fixed rate borrowings                  1,787,958            78%          1,921,845                79%


                                                   2,302,909           100%          2,430,381               100%

            An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
            the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
            borrowings.

            Sensitivity
            Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
            on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                         2019             2018
                                                                                         $000             $000

            Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                               15,923             11,953
            Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                              (15,923)           (11,953)




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
            *    Holding all other variables constant




                                                                                                                           95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial
                                                              asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset
                                                              value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
                                                              manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
                                                              that may affect the value of the investment.

                                                              At 30 June 2019, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                              income (2018: available-for-sale financial assets) had increased or decreased by 10% and all other
                                                              variables were held constant, the investment revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or
                                                              decrease by approximately $456,000 (2018: $665,000).

                                                        (ii) Credit risk
                                                              Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried
                                                              at amortised cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
                                                              customers, including outstanding receivables.

                                                              Risk management
                                                              The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
                                                              ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the
                                                              treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
                                                              financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortised cost in accordance with the mandates as
                                                              approved by the Board of Directors.

                                                              The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
                                                              Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
                                                              does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

                                                              Impairment
                                                              The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                                                              •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
                                                                   of multiple-element arrangements;

                                                              •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements; and

                                                              •    other financial assets at amortised cost.

                                                              While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
                                                              identified impairment loss was immaterial.




96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
          measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
          and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

          The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is
          considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
          these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2019 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
          for these contract assets during the year.

          Other financial assets at amortised cost include corporate listed bonds, other receivables and deposits.
          These financial assets are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity to meet
          their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model resulted in
          an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.

      (iii) Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
          from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

          The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
          cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
          funding requirements could be met.

          The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
          meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                             The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
                                                             their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

                                                             The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
                                                             12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                             Contractual maturities of          1 year    1 year to   2 years to      Over    contractual    Carrying
                                                             financial liabilities              or less     2 years      5 years    5 years    cash flows     amount
                                                                                                 $000          $000         $000       $000          $000        $000

                                                             At 30 June 2019
                                                             Trade payables                    448,469           –            –          –       448,469      448,469
                                                             Other payables and accruals       720,515           –            –          –       720,515      720,515
                                                             Bank and other borrowings
                                                               (include interest payable)      508,876     199,239    1,810,066     78,170     2,596,351     2,317,816
                                                             Mobile licence fee liabilities     62,350      62,350       38,280          –       162,980       143,350


                                                             Total                            1,740,210    261,589    1,848,346     78,170     3,928,315     3,630,150


                                                             At 30 June 2018
                                                             Trade payables                    521,620           –            –          –       521,620      521,620
                                                             Other payables and accruals       754,180           –            –          –       754,180      754,180
                                                             Bank and other borrowings
                                                               (include interest payable)      223,287     518,792    2,044,874     30,234     2,817,187     2,430,381
                                                             Mobile licence fee liabilities     62,350      62,350      100,630          –       225,330       188,032


                                                             Total                            1,561,437    581,142    2,145,504     30,234     4,318,317     3,894,213


                                                   (b) Capital management
                                                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

                                                        •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                             shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, and

                                                        •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                                                        The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company, comprising share
                                                        capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
                                                        optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
                                                        Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.




98
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (b) Capital management (continued)
      The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
      total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance
      sheet less cash and cash equivalents and short-term bank deposits.

                                                                                         2019               2018
                                                                                         $000               $000

      Net debt                                                                        173,595           602,275
      Total equity                                                                  5,076,649         4,831,724

      Net debt to equity ratio                                                             3%               12%


   (c) Fair value estimation
      This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
      instruments that are recognised and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
      indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
      financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
      each level follows underneath the table.

      The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 30 June 2019 and 2018.

                                                  Level 1            Level 2           Level 3              Total
                                                    $000               $000              $000               $000

      Assets
      Financial asset at fair value
         through other comprehensive
         income (note 22)

      At 30 June 2019                                   –             4,560                  –             4,560


      Assets
      Available-for-sale financial assets
        (note 22)




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
      At 30 June 2018                                   –             6,646                  –             6,646

      There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.




                                                                                                                         99
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                4 Financial risk management (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                         Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                         and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                         market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                         included in level 1.

                                                         Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                         the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                                                         market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                         value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                         Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                         included in level 3.

                                                         See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
                                                         no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

                                                         All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


                                                5 Segment reporting
                                                    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
                                                    management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
                                                    resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

                                                    The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
                                                    the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
                                                    tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




100
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segment is set out as follows:


   (a) Segment results
                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                             Hong Kong               Macau       Elimination       Consolidated
                                                  $000                 $000            $000                $000

        External revenue                       7,966,110            448,927                 –         8,415,037
        Inter-segment revenue                    331,346              5,804          (337,150)                –


        Total revenue                          8,297,456            454,731          (337,150)        8,415,037


        Timing of revenue recognition
          At a point in time                   3,765,075            346,037          (329,775)        3,781,337
          Over time                            4,532,381            108,694            (7,375)        4,633,700


                                               8,297,456            454,731          (337,150)        8,415,037


        EBITDA#                                1,849,629             (7,840)                 –        1,841,789
        Depreciation, amortisation and
          loss on disposal                       (980,104)          (38,499)               17        (1,018,586)


        Operating profit/(loss)                  869,525            (46,339)               17          823,203


        Finance income                                                                                   85,190
        Finance costs                                                                                  (107,733)


        Profit before income tax                                                                       800,660


        Other information
        Additions to fixed assets                545,714              9,734                  –         555,448
        Depreciation                             617,342             37,242                 (9)        654,575
        Amortisation of leasehold land




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
          and land use rights                        643                   –                 –             643
        Amortisation of intangible assets        285,470                   –                 –         285,470
        Amortisation of customer
          acquisition costs                        53,675             1,101                  –           54,776
        Loss on disposal of fixed assets           22,974               156                 (8)          23,122
        Impairment loss of trade
          receivables                               4,043               815                  –            4,858
        Impairment loss of inventories              1,205               104                  –            1,309




                                                                                                                      101
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                5 Segment reporting (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2018
                                                                                                     Hong Kong                 Macau        Elimination              Consolidated
                                                                                                          $000                  $000              $000                      $000

                                                         External revenue                             9,280,864               707,628                    –             9,988,492
                                                         Inter-segment revenue                          563,782                 6,533             (570,315)                    –


                                                         Total revenue                                9,844,646               714,161             (570,315)            9,988,492


                                                         Timing of revenue recognition
                                                           At a point in time                         4,922,958               568,465             (562,189)            4,929,234
                                                           Over time                                  4,921,688               145,696               (8,126)            5,059,258


                                                                                                      9,844,646               714,161             (570,315)            9,988,492


                                                         EBITDA#                                      2,114,864                21,350                      –           2,136,214
                                                         Depreciation, amortisation and
                                                           loss on disposal                          (1,241,002)              (48,799)                    28          (1,289,773)


                                                         Operating profit/(loss)                        873,862               (27,449)                    28             846,441


                                                         Finance income                                                                                                   61,423
                                                         Finance costs                                                                                                  (120,909)


                                                         Profit before income tax                                                                                        786,955


                                                         Other information
                                                         Additions to fixed assets                      543,895                19,324                      –             563,219
                                                         Additions to intangible assets                 506,585                 8,379                      –             514,964
                                                         Depreciation                                   609,991                37,910                    (15)            647,886
                                                         Amortisation of leasehold land
                                                           and land use rights                              672                     –                      –                 672
                                                         Amortisation of intangible assets              615,701                10,364                      –             626,065
                                                         Loss on disposal of fixed assets                14,638                   525                    (13)             15,150
                                                         Impairment loss of trade
                                                           receivables                                     9,196                 1,615                     –              10,811
                                                         (Reversal of impairment loss)/
                                                           impairment loss of inventories                  (2,932)                 477                     –               (2,455)

                                                         Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by the relevant parties
                                                         and are eliminated on consolidation.

                                                         #
                                                              EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal.


102
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                           At 30 June 2019
                                                  Hong Kong                Macau      Unallocated          Consolidated
                                                       $000                 $000             $000                  $000

        Segment assets                              8,878,622            259,387             745,049              9,883,058


        Segment liabilities                        (4,059,149)           (126,454)          (620,806)            (4,806,409)

                                                                           At 30 June 2018
                                                   Hong Kong               Macau        Unallocated         Consolidated
                                                        $000                $000              $000                 $000

        Segment assets                              8,886,222            300,660             831,244             10,018,126


        Segment liabilities                        (4,479,696)           (123,609)          (583,097)            (5,186,402)

        The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value through other
        comprehensive income, financial assets at amortised cost and deferred income tax assets located in Hong
        Kong is $5,718,899,000 (2018: $6,397,256,000), and the total of these non-current assets located in
        Macau is $180,863,000 (2018: $218,776,000).

        Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificate, interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value
        through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortised cost and deferred income tax assets.

        Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax liabilities.


6 Staff costs
                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                                 $000                 $000

   Wages and salaries                                                                        653,918               635,062
   Bonuses                                                                                    41,067                43,420
   Contributions to defined contribution plans*                                               40,806                39,547
   Share-based payments                                                                       12,468                 2,304




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                             748,259               720,333

   *    Net of forfeited contributions of $707,000 (2018: $1,504,000).




                                                                                                                                  103
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                7 Finance income




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                    Interest income from listed debt securities                                         23,157            29,792
                                                    Interest income from bank deposits                                                  47,358            29,353
                                                    Gain on disposal of listed debt securities                                               –             1,391
                                                    Gain on repurchase of guaranteed notes                                                   –                12
                                                    Accretion income                                                                     2,510               875
                                                    Others                                                                              12,165                 –


                                                                                                                                        85,190            61,423

                                                    Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
                                                    effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the year.


                                                8 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                      Notes               $000              $000

                                                    Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                       84,937            88,784
                                                    Bank charges for credit card instalment                                              1,466             7,621
                                                    Accretion expenses
                                                       Mobile licence fee liabilities                                  32               17,668            22,456
                                                       Asset retirement obligations                                                      1,661             1,467
                                                    Net exchange loss on financing activities                          13                2,001               581


                                                                                                                                       107,733           120,909

                                                    Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement obligations due
                                                    to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of the
                                                    liabilities at the beginning of the year.




104
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                                            2019             2018
                                                                       Notes                $000             $000

  Charging:
  Operating lease rentals for land and buildings, transmission sites
    and leased lines                                                                    1,038,322       1,062,290
  Impairment loss of trade receivables                                  25                  4,858          10,811
  Impairment loss of inventories                                        27                  1,309               –
  Auditor’s remuneration
    – Audit services                                                                        2,638           2,519
    – Non-audit services                                                                    1,244           1,071
  Net exchange loss                                                     13                      –           8,871
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                         23,122          15,150
  Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and land use rights                        655,218         648,558
  Amortisation of handset subsidies                                     24                      –         340,595
  Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                   24                285,470         285,470
  Amortisation of customer acquisition costs                            18                 54,776               –

  Crediting:
  Net exchange gain                                                     13                  2,035               –
  Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                            27                      –           2,455




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                         105
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                10 Income tax expense




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
                                                    assessable and non-deductible items.


                                                    (a) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                       2019              2018
                                                                                                                                       $000              $000

                                                         Current income tax
                                                           Hong Kong profits tax                                                    192,570           187,590
                                                           Overseas tax                                                               1,176             1,374
                                                         Under-provision in prior years
                                                           Hong Kong profits tax                                                         465            1,280
                                                           Overseas tax                                                                    –                1


                                                         Total current income tax expense                                           194,211           190,245


                                                         Deferred income tax
                                                         Decrease in deferred income tax assets (note 26(a))                             753               588
                                                         Decrease in deferred income tax liabilities (note 26(b))                    (13,100)          (11,030)


                                                         Total deferred income tax benefit                                           (12,347)          (10,442)


                                                         Income tax expense                                                         181,864           179,803




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Income tax expense (continued)
   (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax
       payable
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                          $000               $000

      Profit before income tax expense                                                800,660            786,955


      Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2018: 16.5%)                            132,109            129,848
      Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in
        calculating taxable income:
        Interest income                                                                 (8,360)            (5,809)
        Net exchange loss/(gain)                                                           354               (343)
        Others                                                                              11                209


        Subtotal                                                                      124,114            123,905
      Difference in overseas tax rates                                                  2,034              1,554
      Under-provision in prior years                                                      465              1,281
      Tax loss not recognised                                                           9,807              9,599
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                  (119)                (85)
      Temporary differences not recognised                                             45,563             43,549


      Income tax expense                                                              181,864            179,803


   (c) Tax losses
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                          $000               $000

      Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised           205,532            149,632


      Potential tax benefit                                                             28,318             20,506

      The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits
      in the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
      indefinitely and have no expiry date. For a subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an expiry




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
      period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.




                                                                                                                          107
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                11 Five highest paid individuals




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Of the five highest paid individuals, three (2018: three) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 39.
                                                    The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two (2018: two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              7,304              7,199
                                                    Bonuses                                                                                1,181              1,009
                                                    Retirement scheme contributions                                                          413                324
                                                    Share-based payments                                                                     667                  3


                                                                                                                                           9,565              8,535

                                                    The emoluments of the two (2018: two) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                           2019                2018
                                                                                                                                     Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                                     Individuals         Individuals

                                                    $3,500,001 – $4,000,000                                                                     –                  1
                                                    $4,000,001 – $4,500,000                                                                     –                  1
                                                    $4,500,001 – $5,000,000                                                                     2                  –


                                                                                                                                                2                  2


                                                12 Employee retirement benefits
                                                    The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
                                                    (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets
                                                    of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s
                                                    management.

                                                    Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
                                                    of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
                                                    contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
                                                    at 30 June 2019, all available forfeited contributions had been utilised by the Group to reduce its contributions
                                                    payable (2018: same).

                                                    The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in
                                                    December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
                                                    employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
                                                    subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2018: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
                                                    immediately.




108
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




13 Net exchange (gain)/loss
  The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                          $000              $000

  Other operating expenses                                                              (4,036)            8,290
  Finance costs (note 8)                                                                 2,001               581


                                                                                        (2,035)            8,871


14 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

       •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company

       •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
            excluding shares held for Share Award Scheme (note 34).

                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                         Cents              Cents

       Total basic earnings per share attributable to
         the equity holders of the Company                                                56.3               55.4


  (b) Diluted earnings per share
       Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
       into account:

       •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
            assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                         Cents              Cents




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
       Total diluted earnings per share attributable to
         the equity holders of the Company                                                56.3               55.4


  (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                          $000              $000

       Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company used in
         calculating basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share          632,247            615,243



                                                                                                                         109
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                14 Earnings per share (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                                                                                           Number              Number

                                                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
                                                           the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
                                                           (less shares held for Share Award Scheme)                                1,122,123,600      1,110,194,100
                                                         Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
                                                           Effect of Awarded Shares                                                        559,683                    –


                                                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares and
                                                          potential ordinary shares used as the denominator in
                                                          calculating diluted earnings per share                                    1,122,683,283      1,110,194,100


                                                15 Dividends
                                                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                    Interim dividend, paid, of 18 cents (2018: 18 cents) per fully paid share              201,822            200,336
                                                    Final dividend, proposed, of 21 cents (2018: 23 cents) per fully paid share            235,881            257,903


                                                                                                                                           437,703            458,239

                                                    For the dividends attributable to the years ended 30 June 2019 and 2018, scrip dividend elections were offered
                                                    to shareholders. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’ election to receive shares are set out in note
                                                    33.

                                                    At a meeting held on 6 September 2019, the directors proposed a final dividend of 21 cents per fully paid share.
                                                    This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be reflected as
                                                    an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2020.

                                                    The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
                                                    financial statements.


                                                16 Leasehold land and land use rights
                                                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                    At 1 July                                                                               11,315             11,383
                                                    Amortisation of leasehold land and land use rights                                        (643)              (672)
                                                    Exchange differences                                                                      (634)               604


                                                    At 30 June                                                                              10,038             11,315



110
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Fixed assets
                                                                       Computer,
                                                                            billing
                                                           Network      and office                      Network
                                Leasehold                and testing    telephone           Other          under
                             improvements    Buildings   equipment     equipment      fixed assets   construction         Total
                                     $000        $000          $000          $000            $000           $000          $000

  At 1 July 2017
  Cost                            250,245    156,648      7,264,375    1,025,126         124,884        317,125       9,138,403
  Accumulated depreciation       (214,246)    (22,136)   (4,839,910)    (899,405)         (90,981)            –      (6,066,678)


  Net book amount                 35,999     134,512     2,424,465       125,721          33,903        317,125      3,071,725


  Year ended 30 June 2018
  Opening net book amount          35,999    134,512     2,424,465       125,721          33,903         317,125     3,071,725
  Exchange differences                201        263             –              7             28                –           499
  Additions                        11,984          –         6,588        79,530           8,979         456,138       563,219
  Reclassifications                     –          –       495,843              –              –        (495,843)             –
  Disposals                             –          –       (14,843)            (3)           (96)          (1,935)      (16,877)
  Depreciation                    (16,758)    (4,360)     (540,350)      (79,817)         (6,601)               –     (647,886)


  Closing net book amount         31,426     130,415     2,371,703       125,438          36,213        275,485      2,970,680


  At 30 June 2018
  Cost                            260,442    157,035      7,516,246    1,103,797         131,284        275,485       9,444,289
  Accumulated depreciation       (229,016)    (26,620)   (5,144,543)    (978,359)         (95,071)            –      (6,473,609)


  Net book amount                 31,426     130,415     2,371,703       125,438          36,213        275,485      2,970,680


  Year ended 30 June 2019
  Opening net book amount          31,426    130,415     2,371,703       125,438          36,213         275,485     2,970,680
  Exchange differences               (209)      (276)            –          (132)            (26)              –          (643)
  Additions                        23,360          –        11,158        94,551           8,712         417,667       555,448
  Reclassifications                     –          –       523,829             –               –        (523,829)            –
  Disposals                             –          –       (29,270)          (71)            (69)         (1,786)      (31,196)
  Depreciation                    (15,331)    (4,348)     (558,886)      (69,357)         (6,653)              –      (654,575)




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
  Closing net book amount         39,246     125,791     2,318,534       150,429          38,177        167,537      2,839,714


  At 30 June 2019
  Cost                           279,807     156,597      7,842,340     1,191,218        135,455        167,537       9,772,954
  Accumulated depreciation      (240,561)    (30,806)    (5,523,806)   (1,040,789)       (97,278)             –      (6,933,240)


  Net book amount                 39,246     125,791     2,318,534       150,429          38,177        167,537      2,839,714

  At 30 June 2019, buildings with a carrying amount of $75,182,000 (2018: $77,620,000) were pledged as
  security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 31).
                                                                                                                                      111
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                18 Customer acquisition costs




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                         $000

                                                    At 1 July 2017 and 30 June 2018
                                                    Cost                                                                                                     –
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                                                                 –


                                                    Net book amount                                                                                          –


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                    Opening net book amount                                                                                  –
                                                    Changes in accounting policies (note 2(b))                                                          54,511


                                                    At 1 July 2018                                                                                      54,511
                                                    Additions                                                                                           61,173
                                                    Amortisation (note 9)                                                                              (54,776)
                                                    Exchange differences                                                                                  (620)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                                                             60,288


                                                    At 30 June 2019
                                                    Cost                                                                                               114,882
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                                                           (54,594)


                                                    Net book amount                                                                                     60,288


                                                19 Contract assets
                                                                                       Current                  Non-current                    Total
                                                                                  30 June          1 July    30 June        1 July       30 June         1 July
                                                                                     2019          2018         2019        2018            2019         2018
                                                                                     $000          $000         $000        $000            $000         $000

                                                    Contract assets               294,867        305,299    103,196        159,520       398,063       464,819

                                                    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
                                                    customers.




112
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                       Place of             Principal activities and                    Particulars of
  Name                 incorporation        place of operation                          issued share capital          Group equity interest
                                                                                                                          2019          2018

  SmarTone (BVI)       The British Virgin   Investment holding and group financing in   1,000 ordinary shares of         100%          100%
    Limited*              Islands (“BVI”)      BVI                                         US$1 each
                                                                                        US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile      Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares      100%          100%
    Communications                             handsets and accessories in Hong Kong       of $1 each
    Limited                                                                             $100,000,000

  SmarTone             Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares of $1          100%          100%
    Communications                             Hong Kong                                   each
    Limited                                                                             $2

  SmarTone Finance     BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in             1 ordinary share of US$1         100%          100%
    Limited                                     Hong Kong                                  each
                                                                                        US$1

  SmarTone-            Macau                Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares of MOP100          72%           72%
    Comunicações                               handsets and accessories in Macau           each
    Móveis, S.A.                                                                        MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務            The People’s         Provision of customer support services      Registered capital of            100%          100%
   有限公司                   Republic of          and telemarketing services in Mainland      $27,400,000
                          China                China

  *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.

  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.




                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                                                  113
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                21 Interest in an associate




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                2019                 2018
                                                                                                                                                $000                 $000

                                                    Share of net assets                                                                              3                    3

                                                    During the year ended 30 June 2019, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2018:
                                                    same).

                                                    Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                                                                       Place of          Principal activities and           Particulars of issued
                                                    Name               incorporation     place of operation                 shares held                   Interest held
                                                                                                                                                          2019       2018

                                                    New Top Finance    BVI               Investment holding in BVI          375 ordinary shares of       37.5%      37.5%
                                                      Limited                                                                 US$1 each

                                                    The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                    immaterial to the Group.

                                                    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                                22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                   income
                                                    (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
                                                        comprehensive income
                                                         Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) comprise:

                                                         •    Equity securities which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial
                                                              recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this
                                                              classification to be more relevant.




114
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (continued)
  (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
      income
                                                                                               2019                2018*
                                                                                               $000                $000

     Non-current asset
     Unlisted security                                                                        4,560                     –

     *    This investment was classified as available-for-sale in 2018, see (e) below. This investment was also held in the
          previous period.

     On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the FVOCI reserve is reclassified to retained
     earnings.

     In the prior financial year, the Group had designated equity investment as available-for-sale where
     management intended to hold it for the medium to long-term.

     Note 2(b) explains the change of accounting policy and the reclassification of certain equity investments
     from available-for-sale to at fair value through other comprehensive income. Note 2(m) sets out the
     remaining accounting policies.


  (c) Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
     During the year, the following loss was recognised in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                               2019                2018
                                                                                               $000                $000

     Loss recognised in other comprehensive income; 2018 relating to
       available-for-sale financial assets, see (e) below                                     2,086               1,366




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                                 115
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   income (continued)
                                                    (d) Fair value and risk exposure
                                                          The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
                                                          dollars.

                                                          The financial asset at FVOCI is stated at fair value based on the net asset value per unit of the respective
                                                          fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

                                                          Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

                                                          For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).


                                                    (e) Financial asset previously classified as available-for-sale financial
                                                        assets
                                                                                                                                                   2019          2018
                                                                                                                                                   $000          $000

                                                          Current asset
                                                          Unlisted security                                                                            –        6,646


                                                          Classification of financial assets as available-for-sale
                                                          Investments were designated as available-for-sale financial assets if they did not have fixed maturities and
                                                          fixed or determinable payments, and management intended to hold them for the medium to long-term.
                                                          Financial assets that were not classified into any of the other categories (fair value through profit or loss,
                                                          loans and receivables or held-to-maturity investments) were also included in the available-for-sale category.

                                                          Impairment indicators for available-for sale financial assets
                                                          A security was considered to be impaired if there had been a significant or prolonged decline in the fair
                                                          value below its cost. See note 2(m) for further details about the Group’s previous impairment policies for
                                                          available-for-sale financial assets.


                                                23 Financial assets at amortised cost
                                                    Financial assets at amortised cost include the following debt investments:

                                                                                                   2019                                            2018
                                                                                     Current     Non-current             Total         Current   Non-current     Total
                                                                                       $000            $000              $000            $000          $000      $000

                                                    Listed bonds (i)                 326,912         156,423          483,335                –             –         –

                                                    See note 2(b) for the impact of the change in accounting policy following the adopting of HKFRS 9 on the
                                                    classification of financial assets and note 2(m) for the remaining relevant accounting policies.




116
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




23 Financial assets at amortised cost (continued)
   The fair values of the listed bonds are based on quoted market prices.

                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Fair values of listed bonds                                                          480,820           557,831

   The financial assets at amortised cost are denominated in US dollars. There is no exposure to price risk as the
   investments will be held to maturity.


   (i) Financial assets previously classified as held-to-maturity investments
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                          $000               $000

        Non-current assets
        Listed bonds                                                                          –           486,599


        Current assets
        Listed bonds                                                                          –            80,092


                                                                                              –           566,691

        The above investments have been reclassified to financial assets at amortised cost on adoption of HKFRS 9
        Financial Instruments.

        In previous years, the Group classified investments as held-to-maturity if:

        •    they were non-derivative financial assets;

        •    they were quoted in an active market;

        •    they had fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities; and

        •    the Group intended to, and was able to, hold them to maturity.

        Held-to-maturity financial assets were included in non-current assets, except for those with maturities less




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
        than 12 months from the end of the reporting period, which would have been classified as current assets.

        None of the held-to-maturity investments were either past due or impaired in the prior year.




                                                                                                                          117
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                24 Intangible assets




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         Handset         Mobile
                                                                                                        subsidies   licence fees        Total
                                                                                                           $000            $000         $000

                                                    At 1 July 2017
                                                    Cost                                              1,101,738      4,103,521      5,205,259
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                           (806,237)      (767,623)    (1,573,860)


                                                    Net book amount                                     295,501      3,335,898     3,631,399


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2018
                                                    Opening net book amount                             295,501      3,335,898     3,631,399
                                                    Additions                                           514,964              –       514,964
                                                    Amortisation                                       (340,595)      (285,470)     (626,065)
                                                    Disposal                                              (3,396)            –         (3,396)


                                                    Closing net book amount                             466,474      3,050,428     3,516,902


                                                    At 30 June 2018
                                                    Cost                                               1,609,148     4,103,521      5,712,669
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                          (1,142,674)   (1,053,093)    (2,195,767)


                                                    Net book amount                                     466,474      3,050,428     3,516,902


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                    Opening net book amount at 30 June 2018,
                                                      as originally stated                              466,474      3,050,428     3,516,902
                                                    Changes in accounting policies (note 2(b))         (466,474)             –      (466,474)


                                                    Restated opening net book amount at 1 July 2018            –     3,050,428     3,050,428
                                                    Amortisation                                               –      (285,470)     (285,470)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                    –     2,764,958     2,764,958


                                                    At 30 June 2019
                                                    Cost                                                       –     4,103,521      4,103,521
                                                    Accumulated amortisation                                   –    (1,338,563)    (1,338,563)


                                                    Net book amount                                            –     2,764,958     2,764,958




118
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




24 Intangible assets (continued)
   In assessing whether intangible assets have suffered any impairment, the carrying value of the intangible assets
   is compared with its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to dispose and
   value in use. The recoverable amounts are determined by utilising cash flow projections based on the latest
   approved budgets for 5 years discounted to present value at a discount rate of 7.3% (2018: 8.1%). The Group
   prepared the budgets reflecting current and prior year performances, market development expectations and
   where available and relevant, observable market data. There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved
   for the preparation of the budget and cash flow projections. Key assumptions include the expected growth in
   revenue, gross margin, operating costs, future capital expenditures, dividend payout ratio and growth rates.
   A reasonably possible change in a key assumption would not cause the recoverable amount to fall below the
   carrying value of the intangible assets. The results of the tests undertaken as at 30 June 2019 and 2018 indicated
   no impairment charge was necessary.


25 Trade and other receivables
                                           2019                                            2018
                                Current Non-current              Total        Current    Non-current          Total
                                  $000        $000               $000           $000           $000           $000

   Trade receivables            449,491               –       449,491        372,791               –       372,791
   Loss allowance                (7,179)              –        (7,179)         (8,034)             –         (8,034)


                                442,312               –       442,312        364,757               –       364,757
   Other receivables            124,995               –       124,995         43,645               –        43,645


                                567,307              –        567,307        408,402              –        408,402
   Deposits                      71,261         77,907        149,168         77,950         72,220        150,170
   Prepayments                   96,026         43,661        139,687         94,927         44,915        139,842


   Total trade and
     other receivables          734,594        121,568        856,162        581,279        117,135        698,414

   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
   receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                           119
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                25 Trade and other receivables (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
                                                    of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                                                              $000               $000

                                                    Current to 30 days                                                                    381,416            276,802
                                                    31 – 60 days                                                                           43,166             45,066
                                                    61 – 90 days                                                                            5,524              4,705
                                                    Over 90 days                                                                           12,206             38,184


                                                                                                                                          442,312            364,757

                                                    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
                                                    customers.

                                                    Due to the short-term nature of the receivables, their carrying amounts are considered to be the same as their
                                                    fair values.

                                                    The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                                                    expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $4,858,000 for the
                                                    impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                                    As at 30 June 2019, trade receivables of $200,379,000 (2018: $135,371,000) were past due but not impaired.
                                                    These relate to a number of independent customers for whom there is no recent history of default. An ageing
                                                    analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                                                              $000               $000

                                                    Past due 1 – 30 days                                                                  139,519              64,261
                                                    Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                  43,172              30,639
                                                    Past due over 60 days                                                                  17,688              40,471


                                                                                                                                          200,379            135,371




120
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                           2019              2018
                                                                                           $000              $000

   At 1 July                                                                              8,034            12,852
   Impairment loss recognised in the consolidated
     profit and loss account (note 9)                                                      4,858           10,811
   Amounts written off during the year                                                    (5,713)         (15,629)


   At 30 June                                                                             7,179             8,034

   At 30 June 2019, trade receivables of $7,179,000 (2018: $8,034,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                           2019              2018
                                                                                           $000              $000

   Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                    876               931
   Past due 61 – 90 days                                                                  1,376             1,171
   Past due over 90 days                                                                  4,927             5,932


                                                                                          7,179             8,034

   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          121
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                26 Deferred income tax




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and overseas
                                                    is calculated at 16.5% (2018: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
                                                    respectively.

                                                    The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
                                                    offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


                                                    (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                                                                                                     Decelerated
                                                                                                                                                     depreciation
                                                                                                                                                       allowance
                                                                                                                                                            $000

                                                         At 1 July 2017                                                                                    (6,130)
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 10(a))                                  588


                                                         At 30 June 2018                                                                                   (5,542)


                                                         At 1 July 2018                                                                                   (5,542)
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account (note 10(a))                                 753


                                                         At 30 June 2019                                                                                  (4,789)


                                                    (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                                                        Mobile      Accelerated
                                                                                                                    licence fee    depreciation
                                                                                                                         assets      allowance              Total
                                                                                                                          $000            $000              $000

                                                         At 1 July 2017                                               (21,368)         158,106           136,738
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                           account (note 10(a))                                         2,479          (13,509)          (11,030)


                                                         At 30 June 2018                                              (18,889)         144,597           125,708


                                                         At 1 July 2018                                               (18,889)         144,597           125,708
                                                         Recognised in the consolidated profit and
                                                           loss account (note 10(a))                                    3,268          (16,368)          (13,100)


                                                         At 30 June 2019                                              (15,621)         128,229           112,608




122
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




26 Deferred income tax (continued)
   Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the
   related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognised deferred income
   tax assets of $28,318,000 (2018: $20,506,000) in respect of tax losses of $205,532,000 (2018: $149,632,000).
   Under the current tax legislation, unrecognised tax losses of $124,319,000 (2018: $92,966,000) related to a
   subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss
   arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.


27 Inventories
                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                          $000              $000

   Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                    93,079           173,763
   Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                            (13,607)           (12,298)


                                                                                        79,472           161,465

   The Group recognised an impairment provision of $1,309,000 (2018: reversal of impairment provision of
   $2,455,000) for slow-moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2019. The amount has
   been included in “cost of inventories sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.


28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                          $000              $000

   Cash at bank and in hand                                                            51,766            259,010
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,904,221          1,472,941


   Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   1,955,987          1,731,951
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more than 3 months               173,327             96,155


                                                                                    2,129,314          1,828,106


   Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  2,125,794          1,822,345




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
   number of banks.




                                                                                                                         123
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (continued)
                                                    Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                    Hong Kong dollars                                                                   248,724         231,149
                                                    US dollars                                                                        1,868,830       1,571,923
                                                    Renminbi                                                                              1,261           3,433
                                                    Others                                                                               10,499          21,601


                                                                                                                                      2,129,314       1,828,106


                                                29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                    Current liabilities
                                                    Trade payables (a)                                                                 448,469            521,620
                                                    Other payables and accruals (b)                                                    812,171            852,081


                                                                                                                                      1,260,640       1,373,701

                                                    (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                          Current to 30 days                                                           151,275            377,911
                                                          31 – 60 days                                                                  86,820             42,004
                                                          61 – 90 days                                                                  45,841             12,016
                                                          Over 90 days                                                                 164,533             89,689


                                                                                                                                       448,469            521,620

                                                          At 30 June 2019, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in HK dollars
                                                          which accounted for 82%.

                                                          At 30 June 2018, the carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in US dollars
                                                          which accounted for 62%.




124
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




29 Trade and other payables (continued)
   (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                                       2019                 2018
                                                                                                       $000                 $000

         Accrued expenses                                                                          485,917              527,990
         Payables for fixed assets                                                                 253,348              253,440
         Receipt in advance                                                                         72,906               70,651


                                                                                                   812,171              852,081

   The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.


30 Contract liabilities
                                                                                                   30 June                 1 July
                                                                                                      2019                 2018*
                                                                                                      $000                 $000

   Contract liabilities
   – Mobile telecommunications service contracts                                                   267,970              262,432

   *     Change in accounting policies (note 2(b))

   Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
   balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $262 million, was recognised during the year ended 30 June
   2019.

   No revenue is recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods during the year ended 30
   June 2019.


   (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts
                                                                                                                        30 June
                                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                                           $000




                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
         Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term contracts that
           are partially or fully satisfied as at 30 June 2019**                                                      2,184,190

         **   As permitted under the transitional provisions in HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to (partially) unsatisfied
              performance obligations as at 30 June 2018 is not disclosed.

         Management expects that 69% of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as of 30 June
         2019 will be recognised as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 31% will be recognised
         as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2020.




                                                                                                                                          125
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                31 Bank and other borrowings




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            2019                                           2018
                                                                                 Current Non-current            Total        Current     Non-current       Total
                                                                                   $000        $000             $000           $000            $000        $000

                                                    Secured bank borrowings             –        66,000        66,000         5,976          54,209       60,185
                                                    Unsecured bank
                                                      borrowings                 430,393        396,213       826,606       129,813         827,528      957,341
                                                    Guaranteed notes (a)               –      1,410,303     1,410,303             –       1,412,855    1,412,855


                                                    Total bank and
                                                      other borrowings           430,393      1,872,516     2,302,909       135,789       2,294,592    2,430,381

                                                    (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                          US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                                          Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will rank pari
                                                          passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

                                                          During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Group has not redeemed any guaranteed notes (2018: a gain of
                                                          $12,000 upon redemption of US$18,185,000 guaranteed notes).

                                                    The maturity of long-term bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                                                                           $000            $000

                                                    Between 1 and 2 years                                                                131,970         436,756
                                                    Between 2 and 5 years                                                              1,676,746       1,829,239
                                                    Over 5 years                                                                          63,800          28,597


                                                                                                                                       1,872,516       2,294,592




126
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




31 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
   rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
   market price are as follows:

                                                   Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                     $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2019
   Secured bank borrowings                              –             66,000                  –            66,000
   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            387,678                  –           387,678
   Guaranteed notes                             1,455,781                  –                  –         1,455,781


   Total                                        1,455,781            453,678                  –         1,909,459

                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2018
   Secured bank borrowings                              –             54,209                  –            54,209
   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            752,553                  –           752,553
   Guaranteed notes                             1,407,481                  –                  –         1,407,481


   Total                                        1,407,481            806,762                  –         2,214,243

   At 30 June 2019, 78% (2018: 79%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in US dollars
   and 22% (2018: 21%) are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

   At 30 June 2019, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 17) (2018: same).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          127
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                32 Mobile licence fee liabilities




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                                                                     $000        $000

                                                    At 1 July                                                                      188,032    227,926
                                                    Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)    17,668      22,456
                                                    Payment                                                                        (62,350)    (62,350)


                                                    At 30 June                                                                     143,350    188,032
                                                    Less: mobile licence fee liabilities included under current liabilities        (60,041)    (60,041)


                                                    Non-current portion                                                             83,309    127,991

                                                    Analysis of the present value of mobile licence fee liabilities:

                                                                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                                                                     $000        $000

                                                    Minimum annual fees payable
                                                      Within 1 year                                                                 62,350     62,350
                                                      After 1 year but within 5 years                                              100,630    162,980


                                                                                                                                   162,980    225,330
                                                    Less: future finance charges                                                   (19,630)    (37,298)


                                                    Present value of mobile licence fee liabilities                                143,350    188,032


                                                    Comprising:
                                                      Within 1 year                                                                 60,041     60,041
                                                      After 1 year but within 5 years                                               83,309    127,991


                                                                                                                                   143,350    188,032




128
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




33 Share capital
                                                                                       Shares of
                                                                      Notes           $0.1 each              $000

  Authorised
  At 30 June 2018 and 30 June 2019                                              2,000,000,000            200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2017                                                                1,105,812,453            110,581
  Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends                             (b)         46,242,824              4,624
  Repurchase of shares                                                  (c)        (27,786,000)            (2,779)


  At 30 June 2018                                                               1,124,269,277            112,426
  Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends                             (b)         9,278,753                928
  Repurchase of shares                                                  (c)        (9,008,000)              (901)


  At 30 June 2019                                                               1,124,540,030            112,453

  (a)   During the years ended 30 June 2019 and 2018, no share options were exercised.

  (b)   On 5 September 2018, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 23 cents (2018: 33 cents) per fully
        paid share for the year ended 30 June 2018. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the
        final dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 14 December 2018, 733,527 (2018: 28,143,051) shares were
        issued at $10.252 (2018: $9.312) per share in respect of the final dividend.

        On 30 January 2019, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 18 cents (2018: 18 cents) per
        fully paid share for the year ended 30 June 2019. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive
        the interim dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 27 March 2019, 8,545,226 (2018: 18,099,773) shares
        were issued at $9.134 (2018: $8.426) per share in respect of the interim dividend.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                          129
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                33 Share capital (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (c)   During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Company repurchased and cancelled 6,800,000 shares on the
                                                          HKSE. Of these repurchased shares together with 2,208,000 repurchased in June 2018, 9,008,000 shares
                                                          were cancelled prior to 30 June 2019. The amount paid to acquire the 6,800,000 cancelled shares of
                                                          $53,717,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders and the amount paid to acquire the
                                                          2,208,000 cancelled shares of $18,178,000 has been paid during the year ended 30 June 2018.

                                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                           repurchased              Price per share                Aggregate
                                                          Month of repurchase             and cancelled            Highest          Lowest          price paid
                                                                                                                                                         $000

                                                          July 2018                               744,000             $8.00             $7.93           5,938
                                                          September 2018                          819,500             $8.14             $7.83           6,506
                                                          April 2019                              585,000             $8.20             $8.16           4,785
                                                          May 2019                              3,961,500             $8.15             $7.65          31,287
                                                          June 2019                               690,000             $7.66             $7.37           5,201


                                                                                                6,800,000                                              53,717

                                                          During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Company repurchased and cancelled 27,786,000 shares on the
                                                          HKSE. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $247,421,000 was deducted from equity
                                                          attributable to equity holders.

                                                                                         Number of shares
                                                                                             repurchased             Price per share                Aggregate
                                                          Month of repurchase               and cancelled           Highest            Lowest        price paid
                                                                                                                                                          $000

                                                          July 2017                               392,000           $10.10             $10.08           3,959
                                                          August 2017                           3,649,500            $9.73              $9.55          35,086
                                                          September 2017                        6,754,500            $9.67              $9.20          63,379
                                                          November 2017                         1,978,500            $9.20              $9.09          18,112
                                                          February 2018                         8,205,500            $9.06              $8.24          70,452
                                                          March 2018                            1,604,000            $8.68              $8.33          13,700
                                                          April 2018                            2,816,500            $8.27              $8.14          23,097
                                                          May 2018                              2,385,500            $8.30              $8.20          19,636


                                                                                               27,786,000                                             247,421




130
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Share option scheme and share award scheme
  (a) Share option scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2011, the
     Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
     subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed
     under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the share
     options issued.

     (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                 Average
                                                                            exercise price       Number of
                                                                                per share      share options

           At 30 June 2018 and 30 June 2019                                       $14.28         3,000,000

           At 30 June 2019, 2,000,000 (2018: 1,000,000) share options were exercisable with average exercise
           price of $14.28 (2018: $14.28) per share.

     (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date
                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                       Exercise     Number          Number
                                                                      price per     of share        of share
           Date of grant          Exercise period                         share     options         options

           25 July 2016           25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021          $14.28    3,000,000      3,000,000


     (iii) Details of share options exercised
           No share options were exercised during the years ended 30 June 2019 and 2018.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                  131
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                34 Share option scheme and share award scheme (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (b) Share award scheme
                                                         Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
                                                         may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
                                                         terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
                                                         the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

                                                         (i)   Details of share award granted during the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                          Number of            Average
                                                                                      awarded shares          fair value
                                                               Date of grant                granted           per share    Vesting period

                                                               29 June 2018                 1,871,800             $8.10    29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021
                                                               31 January 2019              1,830,800             $9.31    31 January 2020 to 31 January 2022

                                                         (ii) Movements in share award
                                                                                                                                        2019              2018

                                                               Number of awarded shares
                                                               Outstanding at 1 July                                               1,871,800                 –
                                                               Granted                                                             1,830,800         1,871,800
                                                               Lapsed                                                               (157,200)                –


                                                               Outstanding at 30 June                                              3,545,400         1,871,800


                                                         (iii) Shares held for share award scheme
                                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                                      shares              $000

                                                               Opening balance 1 July 2018                                                  –                 –
                                                               Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                  (1,092,000)           (8,987)
                                                               Shares received in form of scrip dividend                              (20,579)                –


                                                               Balance 30 June 2019                                                (1,112,579)           (8,987)




132
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




35 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                     Bank        Guaranteed
                                                borrowings            notes            Total
                                                     $000             $000             $000

   At 1 July 2017                               1,147,923         1,542,762       2,690,685
   Repayment of bank borrowings                  (139,706)                 –       (139,706)
   Payment for repurchase of guaranteed notes           –          (141,122)       (141,122)
   Finance costs                                    9,309            11,227          20,536
   Finance income                                       –                (12)            (12)


   At 30 June 2018                              1,017,526         1,412,855       2,430,381
   Proceeds from bank borrowings                   66,000                 –          66,000
   Repayment of bank borrowings                  (194,426)                –        (194,426)
   Finance costs                                    3,506            (2,552)            954


   At 30 June 2019                                892,606         1,410,303       2,302,909


36 Commitments and contingent liabilities
   (a) Capital commitments
                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                       $000            $000

       Fixed assets
          Contracted for                                             62,123          24,899




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                   133
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                36 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (b) Operating lease commitments
                                                         The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased lines under non-
                                                         cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal
                                                         rights.

                                                         At 30 June 2019, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are
                                                         payable as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2019              2018
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                         Land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                           No later than 1 year                                                        621,602            583,863
                                                           Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                 433,913            454,132
                                                           Later than 5 years                                                            3,771              1,521


                                                                                                                                     1,059,286          1,039,516


                                                         Leased lines
                                                           No later than 1 year                                                        216,232            236,479
                                                           Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                 515,279            618,703
                                                           Later than 5 years                                                          129,030            197,031


                                                                                                                                       860,541          1,052,213


                                                    (c) Performance bonds
                                                                                                                                           2019              2018
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                         Hong Kong                                                                     400,000                  –
                                                         Macau                                                                           3,883              3,883


                                                                                                                                       403,883              3,883

                                                         The performance bonds were issued by certain banks in favour of the Telecommunications Authorities of
                                                         Hong Kong and Macau in accordance with various telecommunications licences issued by those authorities
                                                         to the Group. The banks’ obligations under the performance bonds are guaranteed by the Company and
                                                         various subsidiaries of the Company.




134
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




36 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
   (d) During the year ended 30 June 2019, a bank issued a standby letter of credit of $1,080,000,000 to a
        subsidiary of the Company in favour of the Office of the Communications Authority (“OFCA”) regarding
        the acceptance of the offer of the right of first refusal for the re-assignment of two of the spectrum.

        A bank also issued two standby letters of credit with amount of $580,000,000 and $760,000,000
        respectively to a subsidiary of the Company in favour of OFCA, being the final amount of spectrum
        utilisation fees determined during the auction.


   (e) At 30 June 2019, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided corporate guarantee for general
        banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary of US$145,495,000 (approximately $1,137,042,000)
        and $600,000,000, of which US$49,052,000 (approximately $383,341,000) and $450,000,000 of the
        banking facilities were utilised by the subsidiary.


37 Related party transactions
   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 67.17% of the Company’s shares as at 30
   June 2019. The remaining 32.83% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.80% is held by another subsidiary
   of SHKP. The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.


   (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
        SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
        accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                             $000              $000

        Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)          128,834         127,868
        Insurance expense (ii)                                                               4,072           4,562


        (i)   Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites
              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
              offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to the Group for the installation of
              base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

              For the year ended 30 June 2019, rental and licence fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and associated
              companies of SHKP totalled $128,834,000 (2018: $127,868,000).




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
        (ii) Insurance services
              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
              insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2019, insurance premiums paid and
              payable were $4,072,000 (2018: $4,562,000).




                                                                                                                            135
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                37 Related party transactions (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (b) At 30 June 2019, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
                                                         of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in
                                                         technology related companies in the People’s Republic of China.


                                                    (c) Key management compensation
                                                         Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key
                                                         management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                         Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                          32,703            37,238
                                                         Share-based payments                                                               3,385             2,270


                                                                                                                                           36,088            39,508


                                                    (d) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                         (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                         sheet items:

                                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                         Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                25,282            24,983
                                                         Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              4,061             4,610

                                                         The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.




136
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




38 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                              2019             2018
                                                                              $000             $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,411,067       6,899,044


  Current assets
  Prepayments                                                                   425             206
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              39,575          44,256
  Tax recoverable                                                                55             177
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     409             252


  Total assets                                                               40,464          44,891


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             4,444,283       4,007,418
  Other payables and accruals                                                 3,657           3,154


  Total liabilities                                                       4,447,940       4,010,572


  Net assets                                                              4,003,591       2,933,363


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             112,453         112,426
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     3,891,138       2,820,937


  Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company              4,003,591       2,933,363

  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 6 September 2019 and was
  signed on its behalf.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19
  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                         Anna Yip
  Director                                        Director




                                                                                                           137
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                38 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Note (a) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                            Company
                                                                                                                                    Employee
                                                                                                          Capital                 share-based
                                                                                              Share   redemption    Contributed compensation      Retained
                                                                                           premium        reserve       surplus        reserve      profits        Total
                                                                                              $000          $000           $000          $000        $000          $000

                                                    1 July 2017                           1,123,978       11,769       741,696          4,290    1,353,349     3,235,082
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Loss for the year                             –            –              –             –       (1,891)       (1,891)
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments                          –            –              –         2,304             –         2,304
                                                    Repurchase of shares (note 33 (c))            –        2,779         (2,159)            –     (245,262)     (244,642)
                                                    Prepayment for repurchase of shares           –            –              –             –       (18,178)      (18,178)
                                                    Payment of 2017 final dividend
                                                       (note 33(b))                        259,254             –              –             –     (361,355)     (102,101)
                                                    Payment of 2018 interim dividend
                                                       (note 33(b))                        150,699             –              –             –     (200,336)      (49,637)


                                                    At 30 June 2018 and 1 July 2018       1,533,931       14,548       739,537          6,594     526,327      2,820,937
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Profit for the year                          –             –              –             –    1,498,446     1,498,446
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments                         –             –             –         12,468            –        12,468
                                                    Lapse of share award                         –             –           343           (343)           –             –
                                                    Repurchase of shares (note 33(c))            –           901             –              –      (53,717)      (52,816)
                                                    Prepayment for repurchase of shares          –             –             –              –       (4,018)       (4,018)
                                                    Purchase of shares for Share Award
                                                       Scheme                                     –            –        (8,987)             –             –       (8,987)
                                                    Payment of 2018 final dividend
                                                       (note 33(b))                          7,447             –              –             –     (257,714)     (250,267)
                                                    Payment of 2019 interim dividend
                                                       (note 33(b))                         77,197             –              –             –     (201,822)     (124,625)


                                                    At 30 June 2019                       1,618,575       15,449       730,893         18,719    1,507,502     3,891,138




138
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




39 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                               2019                                            2018
                                                                                            Estimated
                                                                           Retirement     money value
                                                  Salaries and                 scheme         of other Share-based
                                          Fees     allowances    Bonuses contributions        benefits   payments     Total    Total
                                          $000            $000      $000          $000            $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Anna Yip                          144          7,026      1,105          351             89         1,704   10,419   15,685
     Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick            144          5,600        917          560             78           507    7,806    7,349
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             144          5,860      1,103          586             98           507    8,298    7,939

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond           180              –          –              –            –             –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui                   162              –          –              –            –             –     162      162
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               162              –          –              –            –             –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince               144              –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas               144              –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. John Anthony Miller               144              –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*           288              –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*                288              –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*               288              –          –              –            –             –     288      288
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine*    144              –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*             144              –          –              –            –             –     144      144
     Mr. Yang Xiang-dong* (1)                –              –          –              –            –             –       –       48


                                          2,520        18,486      3,125         1,497           265         2,718   28,611   33,109


     2018                                 2,568        18,145      8,405         1,470           254         2,267

     *       Independent Non-Executive Director

     (1)
             Retired on 2 November 2017




                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018/19




                                                                                                                                          139
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                39 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                         During the years ended 30 June 2019 and 2018, no director:

                                                         •    received any emoluments from Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the ultimate holding
                                                              company of the Company, in respect of their services to the Group;

                                                         •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                         •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                         In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share options and share awards under the
                                                         Company’s share option and share award schemes. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under
                                                         the section “Share option scheme” and “Share award scheme” in the Report of the Directors and note 34.


                                                    (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                        contracts
                                                         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                                                         Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                         indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                                40 Ultimate holding company
                                                    The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2019 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                    company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of HKSE.




140
