ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK) is a leading
telecommunications company with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and
Macau, providing voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well as
fixed fibre broadband services for the consumer and corporate markets. Its goal
is to deliver unbeatable and valuable experiences to customers through its
powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate service. The company has
been listed in Hong Kong since 1996. It is a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited (0016.HK).
CONTENTS



     About Us
2    Business Highlights
6    Chairman’s Statement
8    Management Discussion and Analysis
12   Directors’ Profile
20   Staff Engagement
22   Community Engagement
24   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
25   Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
26   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
27   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
29   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
30   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
32   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
62   Other Information
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                                                    Together We Thrive
                                                            SmarTone is committed to delivering unbeatable and valuable experiences
                                                            to customers through its powerful network, purposeful apps and passionate
                                                            services. We continue to lead the market through technology leadership,
                                                            innovation, customer-centric strategy and digitalisation, bringing outstanding
                                                            user experience and valuable services to our customers.




                                               1. Technology Leadership
2

                                               Pioneering end-to-end ICT solutions
                                               on NB-IoT enabled network for
                                               diversified industries.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     Leading the mobile network evolution by conducting
                                                     FDD Massive MIMO trial and launching HK’s first live
                                                     commercial LAA Network supporting blazing 1Gbps
                                                     download speeds.




                                                                                                    Partnering with Ericsson and Qualcomm to
                                                                                                    successfully demonstrate a 5G connection
                                                                                                    on a smartphone form factor device based on the
                                                                                                    latest 5G NSA (Non-standalone) mode in the 3GPP
                                                                                                    Release 15.
                                                                                                                    3



                                                                      BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
2. Empowering Innovation




                                                                                                                    SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                               Catering for the needs of digital-savvy consumers,
                                                               Smart Home and Smart Hotel Solutions were
                                                               showcased at the SmarTone Innovation Hub
                                                               – Hong Kong’s first open ecosystem to foster
                                                               industry collaboration.




The second edition of the SmarTone Hackathon,
themed Smart Properties, continued to nurture talents and
promote innovative entrepreneurship in property technology.
It attracted more participants from the Greater Bay Area and
overseas to unleash their potentials in “technopreneurship”.
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy

                                                                                                            Serving customers in different segments with a full
                                                                                                            range of services, unparalleled experiences and
                                                                                                            extraordinary privileges, amplifies our 5S standard
                                                                                                            for network experience in the mobile service industry.




4




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                Standing by with our excellent customer services, we garnered multiple
                                                accolades at the 2018 Service & Courtesy Awards and
                                                Top 10 Quality E-Shop Awards organised by the Hong
                                                Kong Retail Management Association.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                               A premium membership class, has been
                                                                                                               discovering a world of prestige for customers,
                                                                                                               including birthday celebrations, selected offers,
                                                                                                               priority and privileges, refined experiences as well
                                                                                                               as flash surprises.
                                                                                                               5



                                                                 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
4. Digitalisation




                                                                                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                          New stores couple with digitalised customer services
                                          to deliver innovative and caring in-store customer experiences.




Enhancing our omni-channel strategy brings
seamless customer experience from all touchpoints.




                                                        Proactive social media strategy engages with
                                                        customers, business community and potential talents.




                            Full digital brand “Birdie Mobile” was
                            launched to offer customers with innovative
                            features, including data P2P, member-get-
                            member, community and embedded travel
                            data passes. The premiere of the online game
                            “Birdie Farm” showered customers with
                            creativity to earn data.
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               During the period under review, the overall market remained highly competitive. Nevertheless, the Company’s
                                               continued focus on providing excellent network and customer experience contributed to a 12% increase in
                                               customer number to 2.47 million while postpaid churn rate remained at an industry low of 1.0%.

                                               SmarTone has adopted the new accounting standard HKFRS 15 for the period under review. Under the
                                               modified retrospective approach of HKFRS 15, prior period numbers are reported under the previous
                                               accounting standard HKAS 18, with the current period based on HKFRS 15.

                                               Based on the previous accounting standard HKAS 18 which provides a consistent basis for comparison with
                                               the same period last year, group net profit was $325 million, a drop of 1% compared to the same period last
                                               year. Group service revenue increased 1% to $2,552 million, and handset and accessory sales grew 66% due
                                               to volume increase. Consequently, group total revenue increased 26% while group EBITDA increased 3%.

                                               Under the new accounting standard HKFRS 15, the impact on group net profit was minimal with group net
                                               profit at $332 million, showing an increase of 1% compared to the same period last year. However, due to the
6                                              reallocation of a portion of service revenue for handset-bundled plans to handset and accessory sales, reported
                                               group service revenue was 7% lower while handset and accessory sales increased 79%. This led to an increase
                                               of 26% in group total revenue. Group EBITDA was lower by 13% as handset subsidy amortisation was netted
                                               off against service revenue above EBITDA.

                                               During the period under review, with its strong customer-centric brand, superior network performance and
                                               excellent customer service, the Company successfully expanded its flagship SuperCare customer segment.
                                               SmarTone’s excellent customer experience won recognition at the annual HK Retail Management Association
                                               Service Awards competition, winning six of the most prestigious awards. In addition, the Company won top
                                               industry awards for its e-commerce services and SmarTone CARE app which provides efficient and convenient




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               digital services to meet growing demand from customers. The Company will continue to invest in staff and
                                               technology to achieve ever higher standards in customer experience and engagement.

                                               SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions business continued to register robust growth in the current period. Through
                                               a deep understanding of customer needs and cutting-edge technologies, the Company’s broad portfolio of
                                               industry-specific solutions enabled its clients to improve performance and enhance efficiency. SmarTone will
                                               continue to develop new industry applications to meet growing demands as Hong Kong moves towards 5G
                                               and its Smart City vision.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               SmarTone further strengthened its position in the Millennial market with Birdie, Hong Kong’s first digital
                                               mobile brand, registering healthy customer growth. The brand received favourable market response and has
                                               won prestigious awards in digital marketing since the launch of Birdie Travel in July 2017. Birdie will continue
                                               to grow through a combination of engaging community initiatives and strategic partnerships.

                                               As a leader in mobile technology in Hong Kong, SmarTone is committed to delivering the best products and
                                               services that cater to customer needs. The Company has further refarmed spectrum to extend its leading
                                               network performance along MTR lines. The implementation of licensed assisted access (LAA) and small cells
                                               at selected hotspots have also significantly improved network performance, especially during periods of high
                                               traffic flows. In addition, the transition of the network to a Network Function Virtualisation (NFV) architecture
                                               has increased efficiency and reduced service and product introduction times. Through the acquisition of
                                               additional low frequency 900MHz & 1800MHz spectrum in the recent spectrum renewal, SmarTone’s
                                               spectrum portfolio will expand in 2021, further enhancing its high quality in-building coverage and network
                                               performance, including in the MTR.
                                                                                                                   7



                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
The Company continued to deepen its digitalisation initiatives to enhance customer experience and improve
efficiency. S-Bot, the first bilingual AI chatbot launched by a Hong Kong mobile operator, has improved
customer service and contact centre efficiency. In addition, the implementation of digital tools like robotic
process automation (RPA) and redesign of workflows have enabled SmarTone to serve a lot more customers
without incurring additional costs.

Employees are at the heart of the Company’s success story. As a recognition of their contribution, SmarTone
established an employee share award scheme to share the fruits of success with over 300 staff. The Company




                                                                                                                   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
also implemented family leave, birthday leave and a number of new engagement initiatives to enhance work-
life balance and collaboration among teams.


Dividend
In line with the Company’s dividend policy, the Board declared an interim dividend of 18 cents per share.
Shareholders have the option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend
scheme.


Outlook
The mobile industry remains highly competitive due to persisting tariff pressures on both local and roaming
businesses. Nevertheless, SmarTone will continue to focus on its priorities, including enhancing its proposition
to targeted segments like family and millennial, driving further growth in the Enterprise segment, and
deepening digitalisation initiatives to improve customer experience and enhance operational efficiency.

The industry is also facing rising cost pressures. Spectrum costs for the recently renewed spectrum have
significantly increased fixed costs for all operators. The Company is concerned that the very high spectrum
costs in Hong Kong, compared to elsewhere in the region, will act as a brake on Hong Kong’s development
as a Smart City. While SmarTone is committed to driving new technology to bring benefits to customers,
the industry is yet to agree on the economic viability of the 5G business model, especially in the early
years of rollout. The Company therefore urges the Government to critically review its spectrum policy to
enable operators to invest more in 5G and the Smart City initiative. This is crucial to boost Hong Kong’s
competitiveness in the region in upgrading towards a digital economy, bringing significant benefits to both
businesses and consumers.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their
continuing support, to my fellow directors for their guidance as well as to our staff for their dedication and
hard work.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 January 2019
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the period under review, Hong Kong customer number increased by 12% year-on-year and 3% half-
                                               on-half despite intense competition. Postpaid churn rate remained stable at an industry low of 1.0%.

                                               With the implementation of the new accounting standard, HKFRS 15, a portion of Group service revenue of
                                               handset bundled plans is allocated to handset and accessory sales. Cost of inventories sold are recognised
                                               upfront with a corresponding reduction in handset subsidy amortisation.

                                               Group total revenue increased by $1,079 million or 26% to $5,187 million (first half of 2017/18: $4,108
                                               million) mainly due to higher handset revenue. Compared with the second half of 2017/18, Group total
                                               revenue decreased by $694 million or 12% to $5,187 million (second half of 2017/18: $5,881 million) mainly
                                               amid lower handset revenue.

                                               Under HKFRS 15, Group service revenue fell 7% to $2,345 million (first half of 2017/18: $2,522 million) as part
                                               of the service revenue of handset bundled plans was allocated to handset and accessories sales. Based on the
                                               previous accounting standard HKAS 18 which provides a consistent basis for comparison with the same period
8                                              last year, Group service revenue remained resilient, increasing 1% despite challenging market environment.
                                               Mobile postpaid ARPU was at an industry-leading $250.

                                               Compared with the second half of 2017/18, Group service revenue fell by $193 million or 8% (second half
                                               of 2017/18: $2,538 million), mainly due to the reallocation of a portion of service revenue to handset and
                                               accessories sales under HKFRS 15.

                                               Roaming revenue, which made up of 16% of Group’s service revenue (first half of 2017/18: 15%) rose by 1%
                                               as healthy growth in data roaming more than offset weakness in voice roaming.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               During the period under review, Group’s handset and accessory sales rose by $1,256 million or 79% to $2,842
                                               million when compared with $1,586 million for the first half of 2017/18. Both sales volume and average unit
                                               selling price increased. Part of the increase is attributable to the reallocation of a portion of service revenue of
                                               handset bundled plans to handset and accessory sales under HKFRS 15.

                                               Compared with the second half of 2017/18, Group’s handset and accessories sales fell by $501 million or
                                               15%. Lower sales volume was partly offset by higher average unit selling price.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Under HKFRS 15, cost of inventories sold rose by $1,265 million or 82% to $2,813 million when compared
                                               with $1,547 million for the first half of 2017/18. Handset subsidy can no longer be amortised and has to be
                                               reflected as cost of inventories sold as incurred. Compared with the second half of 2017/18, cost of inventories
                                               sold fell by $507 million or 15%, in line with the corresponding decrease in handset and accessory sales.

                                               Staff costs rose by $6 million or 2% to $364 million (first half of 2017/18: $358 million) amid increase in share-
                                               based payments due to the grant of share awards to over 300 staff in June 2018.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $51 million or 5% to $1,071 million when
                                               compared with $1,122 million for the first half of 2017/18 as sales commissions were capitalised as customer
                                               acquisition and retention costs and amortised over the contract period under HKFRS 15 instead of expensed as
                                               incurred previously. Based on the previous accounting treatment, cost of services provided and other operating
                                               expenses fell by $18 million or 2% as a result of ongoing efficiency drives, despite expansion in customer base
                                               and increased data usage.
                                                                                                                     9



                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
Depreciation and loss on disposal rose by $1 million to $330 million when compared with $329 million for the
first half of 2017/18. Compared with the second half of 2017/18, depreciation and loss on disposal fell slightly
by $5 million or 1% (second half of 2017/18: $335 million).

Handset subsidy amortisation fell by $155 million (first half of 2017/18: $155 million) as handset subsidy can
no longer be amortised under HKFRS 15. It has to be reflected as cost of inventories sold.

Amortistion of customer acquisition and retention costs rose by $27 million (first half of 2017/18: nil) as sales




                                                                                                                     SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
commissions are capitalised as customer acquisition and retention costs and amortised over contract period
under HKFRS 15 instead of expensed as incurred previously.

Spectrum utilisation fee amortisation remained stable at $143 million.

Finance income rose by $7 million to $36 million (first half of 2017/18: $29 million) amid higher deposit
interest income. Compared with the second half of 2017/18, finance income rose by $4 million (second half of
2017/18: $32 million).

Finance costs fell by $10 million to $55 million when compared with $64 million for the first half of 2017/18
amid lower handset instalment charges and lower accretion expenses on mobile license fee liabilities.
Compared with $57 million for the second half of 2017/18, finance costs fell slightly by $2 million.

Income tax expenses amounted to $94 million (first half of 2017/18: $93 million), reflecting an effective tax
rate of 22.4% (first half of 2017/18: 22.4%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum
utilisation fees, these payments have been treated as non-deductible on cash or amortisation basis. Group
effective tax rate is therefore higher than 16.5%.

During the period under review, Group EBITDA fell by 13% to $939 million (first half of 2017/18: $1,080
million) mainly due to the adoption of HKFRS 15. Group operating profit was $439 million, representing a 3%
decrease as compared with same period last year. Group profit attributable to shareholders rose by 1% to $332
million (first half of 2017/18: $328 million).

Compared with the second half of 2017/18, Group EBITDA fell by 11% (second half of 2017/18: $1,056
million), while Group operating profit rose by 12% mainly amid savings in operating costs. Group profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company rose by 16% (second half of 2017/18: $287 million).


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was
financed by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 31 December
2018, the Group recorded share capital of $112 million, total equity of $4,951 million and total borrowings of
$2,370 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances (including short-term bank deposits)
of $1,379 million as at 31 December 2018 (30 June 2018: $1,828 million).

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $2,370 million (30 June 2018: $2,430
million) of which 78% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. Net
debt, after deducting cash and financial assets at amortised costs, amounted to $442 million (30 June 2018: $36
million). Net debt to EBITDA (annualised) was 0.2X as at 31 December 2018 (30 June 2018: 0.02X).
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $194 million and $36
                                               million respectively during the period ended 31 December 2018. The Group’s major outflows of funds during
                                               the period were purchases of fixed assets, payment for dividends and mobile licence fees and repayment of
                                               bank borrowings.

                                               The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital
                                               requirements for the financial year ending 30 June 2019 with internal cash resources and available banking
                                               facilities.


                                               Treasury policy
                                               The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the
                                               board of directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortised
                                               costs. Bank deposits and financial assets at amortised costs are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong
                                               dollars and US dollars.

                                               The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The
10                                             Group may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


                                               Charges on assets
                                               Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
                                               carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $76 million as at 31 December 2018 (30 June 2018: $78
                                               million).


                                               Interest rate exposure



INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars
                                               which accounted for 22% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2018. The remaining 78% of the
                                               Group’s borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase
                                               in interest rates in the future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
                                               movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortised costs, trade payables and bank and
                                               other borrowings denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign
                                               exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               Performance bonds
                                               A bank, on the Group’s behalf, had issued a performance bond to the telecommunications authority of Macau
                                               in respect of obligation under the mobile licence issued by the authority. The total amount outstanding as at
                                               31 December 2018 under the performance bond was $4 million (30 June 2018: $4 million).

                                               During the period under review, a bank issued a standby letter of credit of $1,400 million to a subsidiary of the
                                               Company in favor of the Office of the Communications Authority (“OFCA”) regarding the acceptance of the
                                               offer of the right of first refusal for the re-assignment of two of the spectrum. This standby letter of credit will
                                               be amended to the reduced amount of $1,080 million.
                                                                                                                    11



                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
A bank also issued a standby letter of credit with amount of $1,520 million to a subsidiary of the Company
in favor of OFCA for submission of a deposit to participate in the auction for two of the spectrum. This
standby letter of credit will be cancelled and replaced by two letters of credit of $580 million and $760 million
respectively, being the final amount of spectrum utilisation fees determined during the auction, to be issued in
March 2019.


Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
The Group had 1,928 full-time employees as at 31 December 2018 (30 June 2018: 1,898), with the majority




                                                                                                                     SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
of them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $364 million for the period ended 31 December 2018 (first
half of 2017/18: $358 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus
payments are discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual
employee’s performance. Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees
are provided with both internal and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions
by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During
the period under review, no shares were granted or vested. 35,200 shares were lapsed. 1,836,600 shares (30
June 2018: 1,871,800) were outstanding as of 31 December 2018.

The Group has share option schemes under which the Company may grant options to participants, including
directors and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the period under review, no
share options were granted, cancelled or lapsed. 3,000,000 (30 June 2018: 3,000,000) share options were
outstanding as at 31 December 2018.
                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE



                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in
                                               Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration
                                               from The Open University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a
                                               director of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP,
                                               Cellular 8 and TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
                                               Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
                                               Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties
                                               Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a
                                               member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is also a member of the 13th National
12                                             Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
                                               Kwok did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a
                                               member of the CPA Australia. He has been a practising solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant
                                               of the law firm Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as
                                               an advocate and solicitor in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-
                                               executive director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport
                                               International Holdings Limited. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group
                                               Holdings Limited and Agile Group Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a director of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. He had held the positions of deputy
                                               chairman of the council of The Open University of Hong Kong, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong
                                               Institute of Directors Limited, a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs
                                               Committee of The Law Society of Hong Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue
                                               Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from The Open University
                                               of Hong Kong in 2016.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee,
                                               Mr. Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                                                                                                                  13



                                                                     DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Director of the Company in December 2013. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and
East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr.
Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at
Brown University in 1996–1997.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the Executive Committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio




                                                                                                                   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
investments. He is also a director of certain SHKP subsidiaries. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive
director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.
Mr. Fung was a non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group
Limited).

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in 1997.
During his time in McKinsey, he primarily served clients in China and Hong Kong, and also served institutions
in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He
was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of
McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong Chinese to become a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also
the head of recruiting for the Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the
president of the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an honorary treasurer of The Hong Kong
Federation of Youth Groups, and a council member and an executive committee member of The Hong Kong
Management Association. He is also a council member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund, a member of the
board of the Asian Youth Orchestra, a member of the Advisory Committee on Gifted Education of Education
Bureau of the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a member of the board of the
Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Fung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.

Anna YIP          Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Anna Yip was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June 2016.

Ms. Yip holds a Bachelor degree (First Honours) in Business Administration from The Chinese University of
Hong Kong, and both MPhil and DPhil degrees in Management Studies from the University of Oxford.

Ms. Yip was Head of Hong Kong and Macau, MasterCard Asia/Pacific, taking responsibility for the overall
performance of MasterCard across the two markets. Prior to joining MasterCard, Ms. Yip was the Managing
Director for Corporate Planning and International Strategy at United Overseas Bank in Singapore. Previously,
she was a Partner with McKinsey & Company in Greater China where she was a co-leader of the Asia Financial
Institutional Group and led the Asia Payments practice. Ms. Yip has rich experience in leading organisations to
build a strong service culture and drive superior customer engagement across multiple channels.

Ms. Yip is currently an independent non-executive director of Bupa (Asia) Limited. She is also a member of
the Advisory Board of MBA Programs and an advisor to the Alumni Entrepreneurs Association of The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. She is an appointed lay member by the HKSAR Government at the Joint Committee
on Student Finance and an ex-council member of The Open University of Hong Kong.

Ms. Yip is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Ms. Yip received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and director’s fee of
HK$7,317,000, HK$5,961,000, HK$2,263,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.
                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE



                                               CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick Executive Director
                                               Mr. Patrick Chan was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in October 1996 and became
                                               Executive Director in May 2002. He is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer responsible for the formulation
                                               and execution of financial strategies, funding, investment, risk management and corporate development. He is
                                               also responsible for investor relations, legal and regulatory affairs and procurement.

                                               Mr. Chan held various positions in the areas of research, investment, investor relations and finance at leading
                                               international banking groups and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. From December 1994 to May 1996, he
                                               was seconded to the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government as a full-time member.

                                               Mr. Chan is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Chan received salaries (including allowances, retirement
                                               scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and
                                               director’s fee of HK$6,126,000, HK$1,077,000, HK$2,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.

14                                             CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer
                                               since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy,
                                               roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business
                                               operations and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high
                                               performance network, which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data experience. He is the




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               architect of the Company’s advanced service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering
                                               differentiation in the marketplace and real value to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the
                                               Company’s industry leading customer management and support systems enabling frontline staff to provide
                                               award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member
                                               of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (“IET”), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of
                                               Electrical Engineers, UK.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Chau is a member of the Technology Review Panel of Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology
                                               Research Institute Company Limited (ASTRI), the Executive Council of Hong Kong Information Technology
                                               Federation (HKITF) and the Executive Committee of Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK). He
                                               is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong, the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical and Electronic
                                               Engineering of The University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of
                                               Electronic Engineering of City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement
                                               scheme contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and
                                               director’s fee of HK$6,426,000, HK$1,367,000, HK$2,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.
                                                                                                                    15



                                                                      DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience
of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered Institute
of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant
of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited.




                                                                                                                     SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and chair of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the
global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this,
spent some 12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and
Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong
Telecommunications Limited until it was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group
chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his
time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the
gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee,
Mr. Prince did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of
Wilson Group (until June 2018), which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and
is wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to
joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His
experience covers finance, business operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of
SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is
a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Siu did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE



                                               John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller, SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

                                               Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by
                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, The Kowloon
                                               Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited and RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group
                                               Limited). He was also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of
                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong
                                               Special Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key positions held over a
                                               career spanning 35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and
                                               the Treasury (2002–2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002),
                                               Director-General of Trade (1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief
16                                             Secretary’s Office (1989–1991) and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA
                                               degree from Harvard University and a BA degree from London University.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Miller received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
                                               Miller did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was
                                               appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co.,




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               Certified Public Accountants and an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited,
                                               Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited and
                                               China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

                                               Dr. Li was an independent non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance
                                               Group Limited).

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
                                               He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
                                               convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
                                               the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.
                                                                                                               17



                                                                   DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of China
(Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent
non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013), Hanhua Financial Holding
Co., Ltd. (since June 2013) and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited (since 1 March 2018).

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress, P.R.C..




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Mr. Ng was a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (until 13 April 2018), vice-chairman
of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent non-executive director of MTR
Corporation Limited (until May 2017), general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China
and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the
Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997,
a member of the Corporate Contribution Programme Organisation Committee of The Community Chest
of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member
of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-
Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese
Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the
HKSAR government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit
Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.


GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president of
eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of SoftBank Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for
Goldman Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia,
including the listing of SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and
many other telecom related IPO and advisory projects.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now
lives in Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the
Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.
                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE



                                               IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mrs. Christine Ip was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United Overseas
                                               Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater
                                               China strategy. Mrs. Ip has been appointed as CEO of UOB Hong Kong since 2012 and CEO Greater China
                                               with effect from 1 July 2016.

                                               Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate
                                               Banking, and she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of
                                               senior management positions in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk
                                               management in Hong Kong, the United States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand
                                               Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

                                               Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker”
                                               in 2008.

                                               Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong
18                                             Kong University of Science and Technology. Mrs. Ip is also an associate of The Institute of Bankers.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mrs. Ip received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mrs.
                                               Ip did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. Mr. Lam is currently Group
                                               President of Noah Holdings Limited (“Noah”), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It provides
                                               comprehensive financial services such as wealth management, overseas asset allocation, high-end insurance




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               and high-end education for enterprises and high networth customers. Mr. Lam oversees all of Noah’s
                                               management and operations and is responsible for driving all key strategic initiatives in both China and
                                               overseas.

                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a Global Partner at McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”) based in Hong Kong, a
                                               co-Leader of its Asia Financial Institution Practice, and Head of Asia Wealth and Asset Management Practice.
                                               For 16 years, he has led transformational programs for leading financial institutions across Asia.

                                               Mr. Lam has strong expertise in bringing innovations to enhancing customer service. He also has rich




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               knowledge of “fintech” developments in Asia.

                                               Before McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong,
                                               counseling multinational corporations in various M&A transactions and NYSE/Nasdaq public offerings.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
                                               Asia Pacific Foundation).

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in
                                               Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar
                                               and a Benjamin Franklin Scholar.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2018, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
                                               Lam did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                                                                                                                                   19



                                                                               DIRECTORS’ PROFILE




                                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any
directorships in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold
any other positions in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior
management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Executive Directors) and there is
no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to




                                                                                                                                    SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings.
The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong
Kong.

Ms. Anna Yip, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Company for her serving as Executive
Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. She is entitled to a basic salary which is
subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to
a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group.
Ms. Yip’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general
meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Yip is entitled to a director’s fee which
is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to
annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Company and Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract dated 1 May 2002
under which Mr. Chan has been appointed to act as Executive Director of the Group with effect from 15 May 2002 with no
fixed term of service. He is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference
to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his
performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chan’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement
by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. Mr. Chan is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders
at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for
companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary
of the Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau
is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility
and performance. He is also entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and
profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company.
Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general
meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee
which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject
to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV
of the Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2018 are disclosed in “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”
section on pages 63 to 66 of this Interim Report.
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT




                                                  Together We Nurture
                                                        SmarTone understands people are the most valuable asset to the company.
                                                        We communicate with them, empower them with training and career
                                                        development opportunities as well as recognise their performance. We
                                                        also encourage work-life balance through a variety of activities.




20
                                               1. Grooming Talents


                                                                                         Introducing diversified opportunities for
                                                                                         people development, including
                                                                                         cross-sector exchanges for frontline
                                                                                         service staff as well as listening sessions.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                         21



                                                      STAFF ENGAGEMENT




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
2. Caring for Staff



   Aspiring work-life balance to embark staff’s
   innovation and creativity in a fun workplace, an




                                                                          SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
   innovative and creative staff-engaging approach-
   resonates in the staff’s minds.
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




                                                     Empowering Our Future
                                                           SmarTone is dedicated to corporate social responsibility and is actively
                                                           engaged in a wide range of social service activities to contribute to the
                                                           community. Our SmarTone Volunteer Team has also been formed to
                                                           encourage our staff to give back to the society.




                                               1. Caring for the Community
22

                                               Giving care and warmth to those in need in
                                               the community where we serve, making our business
                                               more meaningful.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                           23



                                                    COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
2 . Supporting Charities




                                                                            SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




    With our valuable assets, staff and powerful network,
    we rendered full support to charity events in town.
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL
                                               INFORMATION




                                               TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                                               Introduction
                                               We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 25 to 61, which comprises the condensed
                                               consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
                                               subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2018 and the condensed consolidated profit and
                                               loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated
                                               statement of cash flows and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month
                                               period then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes. The Rules
                                               Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of
24                                             a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
                                               Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
                                               Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of
                                               this interim financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
                                               Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on
                                               our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
                                               engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
                                               other person for the contents of this report.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               Scope of Review
                                               We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
                                               Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong
                                               Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries,
                                               primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
                                               procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
                                               Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
                                               of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Conclusion
                                               Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
                                               information of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
                                               Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               Certified Public Accountants

                                               Hong Kong, 30 January 2019
                                                                                                          25


                                                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                           For the six month ended 31 December 2018
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                            Unaudited six months
                                                                            ended 31 December
                                                                               2018              2017
                                                              Notes            $000              $000

Service revenue                                                            2,344,586        2,521,674
Handset and accessory sales                                                2,841,975        1,585,903




                                                                                                           SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Revenues                                                        5           5,186,561       4,107,577
Cost of inventories sold                                                   (2,812,795)     (1,547,406)
Cost of services provided                                                    (190,700)       (179,747)
Staff costs                                                                  (363,755)       (358,102)
Other operating expenses                                                     (880,005)       (942,295)
Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal                 8            (500,344)       (627,192)


Operating profit                                                             438,962          452,835
Finance income                                                  6             35,808            29,189
Finance costs                                                   7            (54,548)          (64,259)


Profit before income tax                                        8            420,222          417,765
Income tax expense                                              9            (94,030)         (93,455)


Profit after income tax                                                      326,192          324,310


Attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                                332,410          328,117
Non-controlling interests                                                     (6,218)           (3,807)


                                                                             326,192          324,310


Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity
  holders of the Company during the period (expressed
  in cents per share)                                          11
  Basic                                                                          29.7            29.8
  Diluted                                                                        29.7            29.8




The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               For the six month ended 31 December 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                         Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                         ended 31 December
                                                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                               Profit for the period                                                      326,192         324,310


                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                               Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Fair value loss on financial investments, net of tax                          –             (686)
                                                  Currency translation differences                                         (5,326)           2,082
                                               Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other
                                                    comprehensive income, net of tax                                         (939)               –


                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period, net of tax                (6,265)           1,396
26
                                               Total comprehensive income for the period                                  319,927         325,706


                                               Total comprehensive income attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                              326,145         329,513
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                   (6,218)          (3,807)


                                                                                                                          319,927         325,706




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED



                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with
                                               the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                         27



                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                            As at 31 December 2018 and 30 June 2018
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                          Unaudited          Audited
                                                                        31 December          30 June
                                                                               2018            2018
                                                              Notes            $000            $000

Non-current assets
Leasehold land and land use rights                                            10,362          11,315
Fixed assets                                                    13         2,826,077       2,970,680
Customer acquisition and retention costs                                      57,176               –




                                                                                                          SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Contract assets                                                              145,702               –
Interest in an associate                                                           3               3
Financial assets at amortised cost                              14           437,133               –
Held-to-maturity debt securities                                14                 –         486,599
Intangible assets                                               15         2,907,693       3,516,902
Deposits and prepayments                                        16           123,563         117,135
Deferred income tax assets                                                     5,341           5,542


Total non-current assets                                                   6,513,050       7,108,176


Current assets
Inventories                                                                  318,946         161,465
Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income                                                                      5,707               –
Financial assets at amortised cost                              14           111,773               –
Available-for-sales financial assets                                               –           6,646
Held-to-maturity debt securities                                14                 –          80,092
Contract assets                                                              329,374               –
Trade receivables                                               16           474,885         364,757
Deposits and prepayments                                        16           133,398         172,877
Other receivables                                               16            64,935          43,645
Tax reserve certificate                                                      252,362         252,362
Short-term bank deposits                                                       2,385          96,155
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,376,710       1,731,951


Total current assets                                                       3,070,475       2,909,950


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                  17           316,791         521,620
Other payables and accruals                                                  718,104         852,081
Contract liabilities                                                         253,173               –
Current income tax liabilities                                               412,227         457,389
Bank borrowings                                                 18           130,236         135,789
Customer prepayments and deposits                                            213,445         247,081
Deferred income                                                                    –         222,996
Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                35,209          60,041


Total current liabilities                                                  2,079,185       2,496,997
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2018 and 30 June 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                         Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                       31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                              2018               2018
                                                                                                             Notes            $000               $000

                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits                                              49,811           98,087
                                               Asset retirement obligations                                                   42,197           43,027
                                               Bank and other borrowings                                      18           2,239,564        2,294,592
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                100,183          127,991
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities                                               121,907          125,708


                                               Total non-current liabilities                                               2,553,662        2,689,405


                                               Net assets                                                                  4,950,678        4,831,724


                                               Capital and reserves
28                                             Share capital                                                  19             112,122          112,426
                                               Reserves                                                                    4,811,837        4,686,655


                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the
                                                 Company                                                                   4,923,959        4,799,081
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                      26,719           32,643


                                               Total equity                                                                4,950,678        4,831,724




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                               The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                29


                                                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                 For the six month ended 31 December 2018
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                  Unaudited six months
                                                                                  ended 31 December
                                                                                     2018              2017
                                                                                     $000              $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                               348,948        1,501,215
  Income tax paid                                                                 (154,780)        (124,949)




                                                                                                                 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                          194,168        1,376,266


Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                            (307,756)        (388,430)
  Payment of mobile licence fees                                                   (62,350)          (38,280)
  Additions of handset subsidies                                                         –         (319,563)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                                   93,441          124,899
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                      15,690          105,609
  Other investing activities                                                        42,566            32,063


Net cash outflow from investing activities                                        (218,409)        (483,702)


Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                 (12,444)        (120,536)
  Purchase of shares for Share Award Scheme                                         (4,677)               –
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                     66,000                –
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                    (127,303)         (69,709)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                                  (250,194)         (99,287)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                        (328,618)        (289,532)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                              (352,859)         603,032

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                               (2,382)          1,402

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                              1,731,951        1,146,795


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                         1,376,710        1,751,229




The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six month ended 31 December 2018
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                                                Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                Employee
                                                                                                                                    Capital                   share-based                                                   Non-
                                                                                             Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption      Contributed compensation        Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                                                            capital    premium        reserve       reserve         surplus        reserve        reserve      profits       Total      interests       Total
                                                                                             $000         $000          $000          $000            $000           $000           $000        $000         $000          $000         $000

                                               At 1 July 2017                              110,581    1,137,774        6,114        11,769            2,507            4,291       1,328    3,319,199    4,593,563       40,734     4,634,297


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                             –           –             –             –                –                 –          –     328,117      328,117         (3,807)    324,310
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value loss on financial investments,
                                                   net of tax                                    –           –          (686)            –                –                 –          –            –        (686)             –        (686)
                                               Currency translation differences                  –           –             –             –                –                 –      2,082            –       2,082              –       2,082


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period
30                                                ended 31 December 2017                         –           –          (686)            –                –                 –      2,082     328,117      329,513         (3,807)    325,706


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                              –           –             –             –                –            1,224           –            –        1,224             –        1,224
                                               Repurchase of shares                         (1,277)          –             –         1,277           (2,158)               –           –     (118,378)    (120,536)            –     (120,536)
                                               Payment of 2017 final dividend                2,814     259,254             –             –                –                –           –     (361,355)     (99,287)            –      (99,287)


                                               Total transactions with owners                1,537     259,254             –         1,277           (2,158)           1,224           –     (479,733)    (218,599)            –     (218,599)


                                               At 31 December 2017                         112,118    1,397,028        5,428        13,046              349            5,515       3,410    3,167,583    4,704,477       36,927     4,741,404




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                                       31


                                                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                    For the six month ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                    Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                          Capital                  share-based                                                    Non-
                                               Share        Share    Revaluation      redemption     Contributed compensation        Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                              Capital    premium         reserve          reserve        surplus       reserve         reserve      profits        Total      interests       Total
                                                $000         $000           $000             $000           $000          $000            $000        $000         $000           $000        $000

At 30 June 2018 as originally reported        112,426    1,547,727         4,748           14,548            348           6,595        3,378     3,109,311    4,799,081        32,643    4,831,724




                                                                                                                                                                                                        SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Change in accounting policy (note 3)                –            –             –                –              –               –            –        61,504       61,504           294       61,798


Restated total equity at 1 July 2018          112,426    1,547,727         4,748           14,548            348           6,595        3,378     3,170,815    4,860,585        32,937    4,893,522
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                               –           –              –                –               –                –           –     332,410      332,410         (6,218)    326,192
Other comprehensive income
Fair value loss on financial asset at
    fair value through other comprehensive
    income, net of tax                              –           –           (939)               –               –                –           –            –         (939)            –         (939)
Currency translation differences                    –           –              –                –               –                –      (5,326)           –       (5,326)            –       (5,326)


Total comprehensive income for the period
   ended 31 December 2018                           –           –           (939)               –               –                –      (5,326)    332,410      326,145         (6,218)    319,927


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                                –           –              –               –                –          4,544             –            –        4,544             –        4,544
Lapse of share award                                –           –              –               –               41            (41)            –            –            –             –            –
Repurchase of shares (note 19(a))                (377)          –              –             377                –              –             –      (12,444)     (12,444)            –      (12,444)
Purchase of shares for Share Award Scheme           –           –              –               –           (4,677)             –             –            –       (4,677)            –       (4,677)
Payment of 2018 final dividend (note 19(b))        73       7,447              –               –                –              –             –     (257,714)    (250,194)            –     (250,194)


Total transactions with owners                   (304)      7,447              –             377           (4,636)         4,503             –     (270,158)    (262,771)            –     (262,771)


At 31 December 2018                           112,122    1,555,174         3,809           14,925          (4,288)        11,098        (1,948)   3,233,067    4,923,959        26,719    4,950,678




The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the
                                                   “Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of
                                                   handsets and accessories in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and
                                                   principal place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKSE”).

                                                   These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (“Interim Financial Statements”)
                                                   are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have
                                                   been approved for issue by the board of directors on 30 January 2019.


                                               2 Basis of preparation
32                                                 These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2018 have been prepared in
                                                   accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These
                                                   Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the
                                                   year ended 30 June 2018, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
                                                   Standards (“HKFRSs”).

                                                   The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year
                                                   ended 30 June 2018, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the
                                                   new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards as set out below.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                   (a) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
                                                       to existing standards adopted by the Group
                                                        The Group has applied the following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
                                                        to existing standards for the first time for their annual reporting commencing 1 July 2018.

                                                        Annual Improvements Project            Annual Improvements 2014–2016 Cycle
                                                        HKAS 28 (Amendment)                    Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                        HKAS 40 (Amendments)                   Transfers of Investment Property




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                    First Time Adoption of HKFRS
                                                        HKFRS 2 (Amendments)                   Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                                                                                  Transactions
                                                        HKFRS 4 (Amendments)                   Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                                                                  Insurance Contracts
                                                        HKFRS 9                                Financial Instruments
                                                        HKFRS 15                               Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                                                        HKFRS 15 (Amendments)                  Clarifications to HKFRS 15
                                                        HK (IFRIC) 22                          Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
                                                                                                                33


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
2 Basis of preparation (continued)
   (a) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
       to existing standards adopted by the Group (continued)
      The Group had to change its accounting policies and make certain modified retrospective
      adjustments following the adoption of HKFRS 15. The impact of the adoption of this standard is
      disclosed in note 3 below. The other standards did not have any impact on the Group’s accounting
      policies and did not require retrospective adjustments.




                                                                                                                 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
      Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to
      expected total annual earnings.


   (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
       to existing standards not yet adopted
      The following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
      have been issued but are not yet effective for the financial year beginning 1 July 2018 and have not
      been early adopted.

      Annual Improvements Project            Annual Improvements to HKFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle1
      HKAS 19 (Amendments)                   Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
      HKAS 28 (Amendments)                   Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
      HKFRS 9 (Amendments)                   Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
        (Amendments)                            Associate or Joint Venture3
      HKFRS 16                               Leases1
      HKFRS 17                               Insurance Contracts2
      HK (IFRIC) 23                          Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
      1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
      2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
      3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                   (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
                                                       to existing standards not yet adopted (continued)
                                                        None of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements
                                                        of the Group, except the following set out below:

                                                        HKFRS 16, “Leases”
                                                        HKFRS 16 will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The new standard
                                                        provides a single, on balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees. It will result in almost all
                                                        leases being recognised by the lessee on the consolidated balance sheet, as the distinction between
                                                        operating and finance leases is removed. Under HKFRS 16, an asset (the right to use the leased
                                                        item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and
                                                        low-value leases. In addition, the nature of expenses related to those leases will now change as
                                                        HKFRS 16 replaces the straight-line operating lease expense with a depreciation charge for right-of-
                                                        use assets and interest expense on lease liabilities. With all other variables remain unchanged, the
34                                                      new accounting treatment will lead to a higher EBITDA and EBIT. The combination of a straight-line
                                                        depreciation of the right-of-use asset and effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability
                                                        results in a decreasing “total lease expense” over the lease term. In the initial years of a lease, the
                                                        new standard will result in a profit and loss account expense which is higher than the straight-
                                                        line operating lease expense typically recognised under the current standard, and a lower expense
                                                        after the mid-term of the lease as the interest expense reduces. The Group’s profit after tax for a
                                                        particular year may be affected negatively or positively depending on the maturity of the Group’s
                                                        overall lease portfolio in that year.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                        As a lessee, the Group can either apply the standard using a full retrospective approach, or a
                                                        modified retrospective approach with optional practical expedients.

                                                        The transition accounting under the full retrospective approach requires entities to retrospectively
                                                        apply the new standard to each prior reporting period presented. Under this transition approach, an
                                                        entity will require extensive information about its leasing transactions in order to apply the standard
                                                        retrospectively. This will include historical information about lease payments and discount rates.
                                                        It will also include the historical information that the entity would have used in order to make the
                                                        various judgements and estimates that are necessary to apply the lessee accounting model. The




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        information will be required as at lease commencement, and also as at each date on which an entity
                                                        would have been required to recalculate lease assets and liabilities on a reassessment or modification
                                                        of the lease.

                                                        In view of the costs and significant complexity involved of applying the full retrospective approach,
                                                        the Group intends to adopt the modified retrospective approach. Under the modified retrospective
                                                        approach, (i) comparative information for prior periods will not be restated; (ii) the date of the initial
                                                        application of HKFRS 16 will be the first day of the annual reporting period in which the Group first
                                                        applies the requirement of HKFRS 16, i.e. 1 July 2019; and (iii) the Group will recognise the cumulative
                                                        effect of initially applying the standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profit (or
                                                        other component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption, i.e. for the year beginning on 1
                                                        July 2019.
                                                                                                               35


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
2 Basis of preparation (continued)
   (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations
       to existing standards not yet adopted (continued)
       HKFRS 16, “Leases” (continued)
       The new standard will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The
       quantitative effect will depend on, inter alia, the transition method chosen, the extent to which the




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
       Group uses the practical expedients and recognition exemptions, and any additional leases that the
       Group enters into.

       There are no other new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing
       standards that are not yet effective which would be expected to have a significant impact on the
       Group’s results of operations and financial position.


3 Change in accounting policy
   This note explains the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments and HKFRS 15 Revenue
   from Contracts with Customers on the Group’s financial statements that have been applied from 1 July
   2018.


   (a) HKFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”
       HKFRS 9 replaces the provisions of HKAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and
       measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments,
       impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting.

       Accounting policies
       (i)   Classification
             From 1 July 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement
             categories:

             •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income
                  (“FVOCI”), and

             •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

             The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
             the contractual terms of the cash flows.

             For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive
             income (“OCI”). For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this
             will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial
             recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

             The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
             those assets changes.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
                                                   (a) HKFRS 9, “Financial Instruments” (continued)
                                                        Accounting policies (continued)
                                                        (ii)   Measurement
                                                               At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction
                                                               costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

                                                               Debt instruments
                                                               Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                                                               managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group classifies its debt
                                                               instruments at amortised cost. Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows
                                                               where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
                                                               amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                                                               the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised
36                                                             directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses), together with foreign exchange
                                                               gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated
                                                               profit and loss account.

                                                               Equity instruments
                                                               The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                                                               management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
                                                               OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
                                                               following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                               be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is
                                                               established.

                                                        (iii) Impairment
                                                               From 1 July 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses
                                                               associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment
                                                               methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
                                                               For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                               requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


                                                   (b) HKFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
                                                        The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 from 1 July 2018 which resulted in change in accounting policy.
                                                        In accordance with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15, the Group has adopted the modified
                                                        retrospective approach for transition to the new revenue standard. Under this transition approach,
                                                        (i) comparative information for prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial application
                                                        of HKFRS 15 is the first day of the annual reporting period in which the Group first applies the
                                                        requirement of HKFRS 15, i.e. 1 July 2018; (iii) the Group recognises the cumulative effect of initial
                                                        application of HKFRS 15 as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profit (or other
                                                        component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption, i.e. as at 1 July 2018; and (iv) the
                                                        Group elects to apply the new standard only to contracts that are not completed contracts at 1 July
                                                        2018.
                                                                                                                   37


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
   (b) HKFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (continued)
      Accounting policies
      (i)    Sales of goods
             Revenue from the sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred
             to the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to




                                                                                                                    SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
             customers and title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

      (ii)   Provision of services
             Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications
             network and facilities and is recognised when the services are rendered. Service revenue in
             respect of standard service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract
             liabilities.

      (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
             The amount of revenue recognised for each performance obligation is determined by
             considering the standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services
             element and handset device element provided within the bundled contracts.

      (iv) Customer acquisition and retention costs eligible for capitalisation
             The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that
             would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs
             are required to be capitalised as an asset when incurred, and amortised on a straight-line basis
             in the consolidated profit and loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.

             In previous reporting periods, incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services
             contracts were recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.

      (v)    Contract assets
             Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognised when the Group
             has performed the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays
             consideration or before payment is due.

      (vi) Contract liabilities
             The Group recognises contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group
             has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a
             service or transfers a good to the customer.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
                                                   (c) Impact of adoption to the interim financial statements
                                                        The following tables illustrate the amounts by each financial statements line item affected in current
                                                        period by the application of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 as compared to HKAS 18 that were previously
                                                        in effect before the adoption of HKFRS 15:

                                                                                                               Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                      31 December 2018
                                                                                                           Reported                        Balance
                                                                                                       under current                   without the
                                                        Condensed Consolidated                           accounting          Effect of adoption of
                                                        Profit and Loss Account                              policies       HKFRS 15     HKFRS 15
                                                                                                               $000              $000         $000

                                                        Service revenue                                     2,344,586            207,806         2,552,392
38                                                      Handset and accessory sales                         2,841,975           (210,855)        2,631,120


                                                        Revenues                                            5,186,561             (3,049)         5,183,512
                                                        Cost of inventories sold                           (2,812,795)           204,265         (2,608,530)
                                                        Cost of services provided                            (190,700)                 –           (190,700)
                                                        Staff costs                                          (363,755)                 –           (363,755)
                                                        Other operating expenses                             (880,005)           (33,109)          (913,114)
                                                        Depreciation, amortisation and loss on
                                                          disposal                                           (500,344)          (177,188)          (677,532)




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                        Operating profit                                      438,962             (9,081)          429,881
                                                        Finance income                                         35,808                  –            35,808
                                                        Finance costs                                         (54,548)                 –           (54,548)


                                                        Profit before income tax                              420,222             (9,081)          411,141
                                                        Income tax expense                                    (94,030)             1,531           (92,499)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Profit after income tax                               326,192             (7,550)          318,642


                                                        Attributable to
                                                        Equity holders of the Company                         332,410             (7,606)          324,804
                                                        Non-controlling interests                              (6,218)                56            (6,162)


                                                                                                              326,192             (7,550)          318,642
                                                                                                         39


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
   (c) Impact of adoption to the interim financial statements (continued)
                                                            Unaudited 31 December 2018
                                                                                              Balance
                                                Reported                                  without the
                                                   under                                  adoption of
                                                  current         Effect        Effect       HKFRS 9
      Condensed Consolidated                  accounting          under         under             and




                                                                                                          SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
      Balance Sheet                              policies       HKFRS 9      HKFRS 15       HKFRS 15
                                                    $000           $000          $000            $000

      Non-current assets
      Leasehold land and land use rights          10,362               –             –         10,362
      Fixed assets                             2,826,077               –             –      2,826,077
      Customer acquisition and retention
         costs                                    57,176               –       (57,176)             –
      Contract assets                            145,702               –      (145,702)             –
      Interest in an associate                         3               –             –              3
      Financial assets at amortised cost         437,133        (437,133)            –              –
      Held-to-maturity debt securities                 –         437,133             –        437,133
      Intangible assets                        2,907,693               –       463,367      3,371,060
      Deposits and prepayments                   123,563               –             –        123,563
      Deferred income tax assets                   5,341               –             –          5,341

      Total non-current assets                 6,513,050               –      260,489       6,773,539

      Current assets
      Inventories                                318,946               –             –       318,946
      Financial asset at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                5,707          (5,707)            –              –
      Financial assets at amortised cost         111,773        (111,773)            –              –
      Available-for-sales financial assets             –           5,707             –          5,707
      Held-to-maturity debt securities                 –         111,773             –        111,773
      Contract assets                            329,374               –      (329,374)             –
      Trade receivables                          474,885               –             –        474,885
      Deposits and prepayments                   133,398               –             –        133,398
      Other receivables                           64,935               –             –         64,935
      Tax reserve certificate                    252,362               –             –        252,362
      Short-term bank deposits                     2,385               –             –          2,385
      Cash and cash equivalents                1,376,710               –             –      1,376,710

      Total current assets                     3,070,475               –      (329,374)     2,741,101

      Current liabilities
      Trade payables                             316,791               –             –       316,791
      Other payables and accruals                718,104               –        38,652       756,756
      Contract liabilities                       253,173               –      (253,173)            –
      Current income tax liabilities             412,227               –       (13,535)      398,692
      Bank borrowings                            130,236               –             –       130,236
      Customer prepayments and
        deposits                                 213,445               –       22,196        235,641
      Deferred income                                  –               –      205,637        205,637
      Mobile licence fee liabilities              35,209               –            –         35,209

      Total current liabilities                2,079,185               –          (223)     2,078,962
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
                                                   (c) Impact of adoption to the interim financial statements (continued)
                                                                                                        Unaudited 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                         Balance
                                                                                            Reported                                 without the
                                                                                               under                                 adoption of
                                                                                              current         Effect       Effect       HKFRS 9
                                                        Condensed Consolidated            accounting          under        under             and
                                                        Balance Sheet                        policies       HKFRS 9     HKFRS 15       HKFRS 15
                                                                                                $000           $000         $000            $000

                                                        Non-current liabilities
                                                        Customer prepayments and
                                                          deposits                            49,811              –             –         49,811
                                                        Asset retirement obligations          42,197              –             –         42,197
40                                                      Bank and other borrowings          2,239,564              –             –      2,239,564
                                                        Mobile licence fee liabilities       100,183              –             –        100,183
                                                        Deferred income tax liabilities      121,907              –             –        121,907


                                                        Total non-current liabilities      2,553,662              –             –      2,553,662


                                                        Net assets                         4,950,678              –       (68,662)     4,882,016


                                                        Capital and reserves




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                        Share capital                        112,122              –             –        112,122
                                                        Reserves                           4,811,837              –       (68,424)     4,743,413


                                                        Total equity attributable
                                                          to equity holders of the
                                                          Company                          4,923,959              –       (68,424)     4,855,535
                                                        Non-controlling interests             26,719              –          (238)        26,481




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Total equity                       4,950,678              –       (68,662)     4,882,016
                                                                                                       41


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
   (c) Impact of adoption to the interim financial statements (continued)
                                                    30 June
                                                       2018     Effect        Effect
      Condensed Consolidated                  As previously     under         under          1 July
      Balance Sheet                               reported    HKFRS 9      HKFRS 15           2018
                                                       $000      $000          $000           $000




                                                                                                        SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
      Non-current assets
      Leasehold land and land use rights            11,315           –             –        11,315
      Fixed assets                               2,970,680           –             –     2,970,680
      Customer acquisition and retention
         costs                                           –           –        54,511        54,511
      Contract assets                                    –           –       159,520       159,520
      Interest in an associate                           3           –             –             3
      Financial assets at amortised cost                 –     486,599             –       486,599
      Held-to-maturity debt securities             486,599    (486,599)            –             –
      Intangible assets                          3,516,902           –      (466,474)    3,050,428
      Deposits and prepayments                     117,135           –             –       117,135
      Deferred income tax assets                     5,542           –             –         5,542

      Total non-current assets                   7,108,176           –      (252,443)    6,855,733

      Current assets
      Inventories                                  161,465           –             –       161,465
      Financial asset at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                      –       6,646            –          6,646
      Financial assets at amortised cost                 –      80,092            –         80,092
      Available-for-sales financial assets           6,646      (6,646)           –              –
      Held-to-maturity debt securities              80,092     (80,092)           –              –
      Contract assets                                    –           –      305,299        305,299
      Trade receivables                            364,757           –            –        364,757
      Deposits and prepayments                     172,877           –            –        172,877
      Other receivables                             43,645           –            –         43,645
      Tax reserve certificate                      252,362           –            –        252,362
      Short-term bank deposits                      96,155           –            –         96,155
      Cash and cash equivalents                  1,731,951           –            –      1,731,951

      Total current assets                       2,909,950           –      305,299      3,215,249

      Current liabilities
      Trade payables                               521,620           –            –        521,620
      Other payables and accruals                  852,081           –      (37,696)       814,385
      Contract liabilities                               –           –      262,432        262,432
      Current income tax liabilities               457,389           –       12,004        469,393
      Bank borrowings                              135,789           –            –        135,789
      Customer prepayments and
        deposits                                   247,081           –       (22,686)      224,395
      Deferred income                              222,996           –      (222,996)            –
      Mobile licence fee liabilities                60,041           –             –        60,041

      Total current liabilities                  2,496,997           –        (8,942)    2,488,055
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Change in accounting policy (continued)
                                                   (c) Impact of adoption to the interim financial statements (continued)
                                                                                                30 June
                                                                                                   2018     Effect      Effect
                                                        Condensed Consolidated            As previously     under       under       1 July
                                                        Balance Sheet                         reported    HKFRS 9    HKFRS 15        2018
                                                                                                   $000      $000        $000        $000

                                                        Non-current liabilities
                                                        Customer prepayments and
                                                          deposits                              98,087          –           –       98,087
                                                        Asset retirement obligations            43,027          –           –       43,027
                                                        Bank and other borrowings            2,294,592          –           –    2,294,592
                                                        Mobile licence fee liabilities         127,991          –           –      127,991
                                                        Deferred income tax liabilities        125,708          –           –      125,708

42                                                      Total non-current liabilities        2,689,405          –           –    2,689,405


                                                        Net assets                           4,831,724          –      61,798    4,893,522


                                                        Capital and reserves
                                                        Share capital                          112,426          –           –      112,426
                                                        Reserves                             4,686,655          –      61,504    4,748,159


                                                        Total equity attributable to




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                          equity holders
                                                          of the Company                     4,799,081          –      61,504    4,860,585
                                                        Non-controlling interests               32,643          –         294       32,937


                                                        Total equity                         4,831,724          –      61,798    4,893,522




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                 43


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
4 Financial risk management and financial instruments
  (a) Financial risk factors
     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency
     risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

     The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and
     disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the




                                                                                                                  SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
     Group’s annual financial statements as at 30 June 2018.

     There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.


  (b) Fair value estimation
     This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining
     the fair values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an
     indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its
     financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation
     of each level follows underneath the table.

     The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December
     2018 and 30 June 2018.

                                                  Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                    $000             $000             $000             $000

     Asset
     Financial asset at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
     At 31 December 2018
        (Unaudited)                                     –           5,707                 –           5,707


     Available-for-sale financial assets
     At 30 June 2018 (Audited)                          –           6,646                 –           6,646

     There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during
     the period.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management and financial instruments
                                                   (continued)

                                                   (b) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
                                                        derivatives, and trading and financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income) is
                                                        based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for
                                                        financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                                                        over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of
                                                        observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant
                                                        inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                                                        instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.
44
                                                        The financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are stated at fair value
                                                        based on the net asset value per unit of the respective funds as determined by the managers of the
                                                        relevant funds.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


                                               5 Segment reporting
                                                   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and
                                                   allocate resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

                                                   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location
                                                   in which the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings
                                                   before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                               45


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
5 Segment reporting (continued)
   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


   (a) Segment results
                                                        Unaudited six months ended
                                                            31 December 2018
                                              Hong Kong      Macau     Elimination Consolidated




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   $000        $000          $000          $000

        External revenue                       4,862,697         323,864               –       5,186,561
        Inter-segment revenue                    309,182           2,922        (312,104)              –


        Total revenue                          5,171,879         326,786        (312,104)      5,186,561


        Timing of revenue recognition
          At a point in time                   2,882,985         267,294        (308,304)      2,841,975
          Over time                            2,288,894          59,492          (3,800)      2,344,586


                                               5,171,879         326,786        (312,104)      5,186,561


        EBITDA #                                 941,238          (1,932)               –           939,306
        Depreciation, amortisation and loss
          on disposal                           (480,919)        (19,432)               7       (500,344)


        Operating profit/(loss)                  460,319         (21,364)               7           438,962


        Finance income                                                                               35,808
        Finance costs                                                                               (54,548)


        Profit before income tax                                                                    420,222
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                                                    Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                       31 December 2017
                                                                                                   Hong Kong             Macau      Elimination          Consolidated
                                                                                                        $000               $000           $000                  $000

                                                        External revenue                            3,861,832            245,745                  –         4,107,577
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                         187,493              3,500           (190,993)                –


                                                        Total revenue                               4,049,325            249,245           (190,993)        4,107,577


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time                        1,598,643            173,955           (186,695)        1,585,903
46                                                        Over time                                 2,450,682             75,290              (4,298)       2,521,674


                                                                                                    4,049,325            249,245           (190,993)        4,107,577


                                                        EBITDA #                                    1,067,805              12,222                   –       1,080,027
                                                        Depreciation, amortisation and loss
                                                          on disposal                                 (602,209)           (24,991)                  8         (627,192)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                        465,596            (12,769)                  8          452,835




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                        Finance income                                                                                          29,189
                                                        Finance costs                                                                                          (64,259)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                               417,765

                                                        #
                                                             EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                               47


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                         At 31 December 2018 (Unaudited)
                                                 Hong Kong       Macau Unallocated Consolidated
                                                      $000         $000         $000       $000

        Segment assets                            8,371,218        399,988        812,319       9,583,525




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
        Segment liabilities                      (3,972,032)      (126,681)      (534,134)     (4,632,847)

                                                                At 30 June 2018 (Audited)
                                                 Hong Kong           Macau     Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                      $000            $000           $000           $000

        Segment assets                            8,886,222        300,660        831,244     10,018,126


        Segment liabilities                       (4,479,696)     (123,609)      (583,097)     (5,186,402)

   There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the
   basis of measurement of segment results.


6 Finance income
                                                                               Unaudited six months
                                                                               ended 31 December
                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                                  $000              $000

   Interest income from listed debt securities                                   12,222            16,201
   Interest income from bank deposits                                            22,331            11,159
   Gain on disposal of listed debt securities                                         –             1,391
   Accretion income                                                               1,255               438


                                                                                 35,808            29,189

   Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying
   an effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the
   period.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               7 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                    Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                                    ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2018              2017
                                                                                                                                       $000              $000

                                                   Interest expense
                                                      Bank and other borrowings                                                       43,021          45,168
                                                   Bank charges for credit card instalment                                             1,048           5,496
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                   9,710          12,010
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                       751             694
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 10)                                    18             891


                                                                                                                                      54,548          64,259
48
                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities and asset retirement obligations
                                                   due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the
                                                   amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.


                                               8 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                                                                                    Unaudited six months




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                                                                    ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2018              2017
                                                                                                                                       $000              $000

                                                   Charging:
                                                   Operating lease rentals for land and buildings,
                                                     transmission sites and leased lines                                            523,214          533,056
                                                   Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 16)                                     2,522            6,041
                                                   Impairment loss of inventories                                                     1,630                –




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Net exchange loss (note 10)                                                            –            3,762
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                   5,729            4,346
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets, leasehold land and land use rights                 324,411          324,650
                                                   Amortisation of handset subsidies                                                      –          155,461
                                                   Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                              142,735          142,735
                                                   Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs                          27,469                –
                                                   Share-based payments                                                               4,544            1,224

                                                   Crediting:
                                                   Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                                              –           2,008
                                                   Net exchange gain (note 10)                                                         5,600               –
                                                                                                          49


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
9 Income tax expense
                                                                          Unaudited six months
                                                                          ended 31 December
                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                             $000              $000

  Current income tax
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                    96,556           94,953




                                                                                                           SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
    Overseas tax                                                                538              696
  Under-provision in prior year
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                       536            1,455


  Total current income tax expense                                           97,630           97,104


  Deferred income tax
  Decrease in deferred income tax assets                                        201               231
  Decrease in deferred income tax liabilities                                (3,801)           (3,880)


  Total deferred income tax expense                                          (3,600)           (3,649)


  Income tax expense                                                         94,030           93,455

  Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual
  income tax rate expected for the full financial year.


10 Net exchange (gain)/loss
  The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are
  included as follows:

                                                                          Unaudited six months
                                                                          ended 31 December
                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                             $000              $000

  Other operating expenses                                                   (5,618)           2,871
  Finance costs (note 7)                                                         18              891


                                                                             (5,600)           3,762
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               11 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the company

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.

                                                                                                                              Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                              ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                                                                Cents              Cents

                                                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to the equity
                                                          holders of the Company                                                   29.7              29.8
50
                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
                                                        to take into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                              Unaudited six months




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                                                              ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                                                                Cents              Cents

                                                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the equity
                                                          holders of the Company                                                   29.7              29.8


                                                   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                       share

                                                                                                                              Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                              ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                                                                 $000              $000

                                                        Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                          used in calculating basic earnings per share and
                                                          diluted earnings per share                                           332,410            328,117
                                                                                                               51


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
11 Earnings per share (continued)
   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                               Unaudited six months
                                                                               ended 31 December
                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                               Number            Number




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
        the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
        (less shares held for Share Award Scheme)                         1,120,512,051    1,100,394,473
      Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
        Effect of Awarded Shares                                                410,709                  –


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
       ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                         1,120,922,760    1,100,394,473


12 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period
                                                                               Unaudited six months
                                                                               ended 31 December
                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                                  $000              $000

      Interim dividend declared of 18 cents
         (2017: 18 cents) per fully paid share                                  201,822          201,813

      At a meeting held on 30 January 2019, the directors declared an interim dividend of 18 cents per
      fully paid share for the year ending 30 June 2019. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as
      a dividend payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of
      retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2019.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of
      approval of these Interim Financial Statements.


   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period
                                                                               Unaudited six months
                                                                               ended 31 December
                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                                  $000              $000

      Final dividend of 23 cents (2017: 33 cents) per fully paid share          257,714          361,355
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               13 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                                                                           $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2018                                              2,970,680
                                                   Additions                                                                             192,849
                                                   Disposals                                                                             (12,740)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                     (621)
                                                   Depreciation                                                                         (324,091)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2018                                         2,826,077


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2017                                              3,071,725
                                                   Additions                                                                             217,956
                                                   Disposals                                                                               (5,020)
52                                                 Exchange differences                                                                       395
                                                   Depreciation                                                                         (324,321)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2017                                         2,960,735

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2018, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included
                                                   network and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $162,860,000.

                                                   At 31 December 2018, buildings with carrying amount of $76,401,000 (30 June 2018: $77,620,000)




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                   were pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 18).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                              53


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
14 Financial assets at amortised cost
                                  Unaudited 31 December 2018                    Audited 30 June 2018
                                               Non-                                       Non-
                                  Current    current     Total              Current     current      Total
                                    $000       $000       $000                $000        $000       $000

  Listed bonds (i)               111,773       437,133       548,906             –           –          –




                                                                                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
  (i)   Financial assets previously classified as held-to-maturity investments

                                                                               Unaudited           Audited
                                                                             31 December           30 June
                                                                                    2018             2018
                                                                                    $000             $000

        Non-current assets
        Listed bonds                                                                    –         486,599


        Current assets
        Listed bonds                                                                    –          80,092


                                                                                        –         566,691

        The above investments have been reclassified to financial assets at amortised cost on adoption of
        HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments.

        In previous years, the Group classified investments as held-to-maturity if:

        •     they were non-derivative financial assets;

        •     they were quoted in an active market;

        •     they had fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities; and

        •     the Group intended to, and was able to, hold them to maturity.

        Held-to-maturity financial assets were included in non-current assets, except for those with
        maturities less than 12 months from the end of the reporting period, which would have been
        classified as current assets.

        None of the held-to-maturity investments were either past due or impaired in the prior year.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               15 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                         Handset              Mobile
                                                                                                        subsidies        licence fees             Total
                                                                                                           $000                 $000              $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 30 June 2018              466,474           3,050,428          3,516,902
                                                   Change in accounting policy (note 3)                (466,474)                  –           (466,474)


                                                   Restated opening net book amount at 1 July 2018               –        3,050,428          3,050,428
                                                   Amortisation                                                  –         (142,735)          (142,735)


                                                   Closing net book amount at
                                                     31 December 2018                                            –        2,907,693          2,907,693
54
                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2017               295,501           3,335,898          3,631,399
                                                   Additions                                            319,563                   –            319,563
                                                   Amortisation                                        (155,461)           (142,735)          (298,196)
                                                   Disposal                                               (3,167)                 –              (3,167)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2017          456,436           3,193,163          3,649,599


                                               16 Trade and other receivables



INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                              Unaudited 31 December 2018                 Audited 30 June 2018
                                                                                           Non-                                    Non-
                                                                              Current    current     Total           Current     current      Total
                                                                                $000       $000       $000             $000        $000       $000

                                                   Trade receivables          482,288             –   482,288        372,791             –    372,791
                                                   Provision for impairment    (7,403)            –    (7,403)        (8,034)            –     (8,034)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                              474,885             –   474,885        364,757             –    364,757
                                                   Other receivables           64,935             –    64,935         43,645             –     43,645


                                                                              539,820             –   539,820        408,402             –    408,402
                                                   Deposits                    67,369        79,682   147,051         77,950        72,220    150,170
                                                   Prepayments                 66,029        43,881   109,910         94,927        44,915    139,842


                                                   Total trade and other
                                                     receivables              673,218       123,563   796,781        581,279     117,135      698,414
                                                                                                                 55


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
16 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from
   the date of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
   follows:

                                                                             Unaudited              Audited
                                                                           31 December              30 June
                                                                                  2018                2018




                                                                                                                  SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  $000                $000

   Current to 30 days                                                            360,205           276,802
   31 – 60 days                                                                   43,183            45,066
   61 – 90 days                                                                   29,574             4,705
   Over 90 days                                                                   41,923            38,184


                                                                                 474,885           364,757

   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number
   of customers.

   The Group has recognised a loss of $2,522,000 (2017: $6,041,000) for the impairment of its trade
   receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2018. The loss has been included in “other
   operating expenses” in the condensed consolidated profit and loss account.


17 Trade payables
   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                             Unaudited              Audited
                                                                           31 December              30 June
                                                                                  2018                2018
                                                                                  $000                $000

   Current to 30 days                                                             72,013           377,911
   31 – 60 days                                                                   68,873            42,004
   61 – 90 days                                                                   35,460            12,016
   Over 90 days                                                                  140,445            89,689


                                                                                 316,791           521,620
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               18 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                 Unaudited 31 December 2018                      Audited 30 June 2018
                                                                                              Non-                                         Non-
                                                                                 Current    current     Total                Current     current      Total
                                                                                   $000       $000       $000                  $000        $000       $000

                                                   Secured bank borrowings              –       66,000         66,000             5,976      54,209     60,185
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                  130,236      761,836       892,072         129,813         827,528     957,341
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)                –    1,411,728     1,411,728               –       1,412,855   1,412,855


                                                   Total bank and other
                                                     borrowings                  130,236    2,239,564     2,369,800         135,789       2,294,592   2,430,381

                                                   (a)     On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
56                                                         issued US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due in 2023, which are listed on The Stock
                                                           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by
                                                           the Company and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
                                                           obligations of the Company.

                                                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their
                                                   fair values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included
                                                   under non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market
                                                   borrowing rates at the period end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as
                                                   calculated using the market price are as follows:




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                                                                    Level 1         Level 2               Level 3         Total
                                                                                                      $000            $000                  $000          $000

                                                   At 31 December 2018
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                               –           66,000                    –         66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank borrowings                             –          753,874                    –        753,874
                                                   Guaranteed notes                              1,416,608                –                    –      1,416,608




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Total                                         1,416,608          819,874                    –      2,236,482



                                                                                                     Level 1            Level 2           Level 3         Total
                                                                                                       $000               $000              $000          $000

                                                   At 30 June 2018
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                               –           54,209                    –         54,209
                                                   Unsecured bank borrowings                             –          752,553                    –        752,553
                                                   Guaranteed notes                              1,407,481                –                    –      1,407,481


                                                   Total                                         1,407,481          806,762                    –      2,214,243

                                                   At 31 December 2018, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 13)
                                                   (30 June 2018: same).
                                                                                                             57


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
19 Share capital
                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                              Shares of
                                                                             $0.1 each             $000

  Authorised
  At 30 June 2018 and 31 December 2018                                  2,000,000,000           200,000




                                                                                                              SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2018                                                        1,124,269,277           112,426
  Repurchase of shares (a)                                                 (3,771,500)             (377)
  Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends (b)                               733,527                73


  At 31 December 2018                                                   1,121,231,304           112,122

  (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2018, the Company repurchased and cancelled
        1,563,500 shares on the HKSE. Of these repurchased shares together with 2,208,000 repurchased
        in June 2018, 3,771,500 shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2018. The amount paid to
        acquire the 1,563,500 cancelled shares of $12,444,000 was deducted from equity attributable to
        equity holders and the amount paid to acquire the 2,208,000 cancelled shares of $18,178,000 has
        been paid during the year ended 30 June 2018.

  (b)   On 5 September 2018, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 23 cents per fully paid
        share for the year ended 30 June 2018. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive
        the final dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 14 December 2018, 733,527 shares were issued at
        $10.252 per share in respect of the final dividend.


20 Share option scheme and share award scheme
  (a) Share option scheme
        (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                              Average
                                                                         exercise price      Numbers of
                                                                             per share     share options

              At 30 June 2018 and 31 December 2018                             $14.28          3,000,000

              At 31 December 2018, 2,000,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of
              $14.28 per share.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               20 Share option scheme and share award scheme (continued)
                                                   (a) Share option scheme (continued)
                                                        (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date
                                                                                                                            Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                                          31 December        30 June
                                                                                                                                  2018          2018
                                                                                                                Exercise      Number         Number
                                                                                                                    price     of share       of share
                                                              Date of grant    Exercise period                 per share       options       options

                                                              25 July 2016     25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021      $14.28      3,000,000     3,000,000


                                                        (iii) Details of share options exercised
                                                              No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.
58
                                                   (b) Share award scheme
                                                        (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                                                                          Unaudited

                                                              Number of awarded shares
                                                              Outstanding at 1 July 2018                                                   1,871,800
                                                              Lapsed                                                                         (35,200)




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                              Outstanding at 31 December 2018                                              1,836,600


                                               21 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                   (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                        Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                                      31 December            30 June




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                             2018              2018
                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                        Fixed assets
                                                           Contracted for                                                    67,038           24,899
                                                                                                               59


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
21 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
   (b) Operating lease commitments
      The Group leases various retail stores, offices, warehouses, transmission sites and leased lines under
      non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and
      renewal rights.

      At 31 December 2018, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
      leases are payable as follows:

                                                                           Unaudited              Audited
                                                                         31 December              30 June
                                                                                2018                2018
                                                                                $000                $000

      Land and buildings and transmission sites
        No later than 1 year                                                   602,960           583,863
        Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                            434,427           454,132
        Later than 5 years                                                           –             1,521


                                                                             1,037,387         1,039,516


      Leased lines
        No later than 1 year                                                   216,756           236,479
        Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                            571,391           618,703
        Later than 5 years                                                     161,812           197,031


                                                                               949,959         1,052,213


   (c) Performance bonds
                                                                           Unaudited              Audited
                                                                         31 December              30 June
                                                                                2018                2018
                                                                                $000                $000

      Macau                                                                      3,883              3,883

      The performance bond was issued by a bank in favour of the Telecommunications Authorities of
      Macau in accordance with various telecommunications licences issued by the authority to the Group.
      The bank’s obligation under the performance bond is guaranteed by the Company and various
      subsidiaries of the Company.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               21 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
                                                   (d) During the six months ended 31 December 2018, a bank issued a standby letter of credit of
                                                        $1,400,000,000 to a subsidiary of the Company in favor of the Office of the Communications
                                                        Authority (“OFCA”) regarding the acceptance of the offer of the right of first refusal for the re-
                                                        assignment of two of the spectrum. This standby letter of credit will be amended to the reduced
                                                        amount of $1,080,000,000.


                                                        A bank also issued a standby letter of credit with amount of $1,520,000,000 to a subsidiary of
                                                        the Company in favor of OFCA for submission of a deposit to participate in the auction for two of
                                                        the spectrum. This standby letter of credit will be cancelled and replaced by two letters of credit of
                                                        $580,000,000 and $760,000,000 respectively, being the final amount of spectrum utilisation fees
                                                        determined during the auction, to be issued in March 2019.


                                                   (e) At 31 December 2018, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have provided corporate
                                                        guarantee for general banking facilities granted to a wholly owned subsidiary of US$145,495,000
60                                                      (approximately $1,139,443,000) and $600,000,000, of which US$57,610,000 (approximately
                                                        $451,176,000) and $450,000,000 of the banking facilities were utilised by the subsidiary.


                                               22 Related party transactions
                                                   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 67.36% of the Company’s shares as
                                                   at 31 December 2018. The remaining 32.64% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.81% is held by
                                                   another subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the
                                                   Group is SHKP, a company incorporated in Hong Kong.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                   (a) During the six months ended 31 December 2018, the Group had significant transactions with certain
                                                        fellow subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All
                                                        related party transactions are carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements
                                                        governing the transactions.


                                                                                                                                Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                                ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2018              2017




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   $000              $000

                                                        Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission
                                                           sites (i)                                                              62,651             64,158
                                                        Insurance expenses (ii)                                                    2,142              2,398


                                                        (i)   Operating lease rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for
                                                              use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licences to the Group for the
                                                              installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by
                                                              them.

                                                              For the six months ended 31 December 2018, rental and licence fees paid and payable to
                                                              subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP totalled $62,651,000 (2017: $64,158,000).
                                                                                                               61


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
22 Related party transactions (continued)
   (a) (continued)
       (ii) Insurance services
            Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides
            general insurance services to the Group. For the six months ended 31 December 2018,
            insurance premiums paid and payable were $2,142,000 (2017: $2,398,000).




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
   (b) At 31 December 2018, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which
       is a subsidiary of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which
       primarily invests in technology related companies in the People’s Republic of China.


   (c) Key management compensation
       Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to
       key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                              Unaudited six months
                                                                              ended 31 December
                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                 $000              $000

       Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                 18,742             20,407
       Share-based payments                                                      1,289              1,224


                                                                                20,031             21,631


   (d) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP
       Group”) (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the
       relevant balance sheet items:


                                                                           Unaudited              Audited
                                                                         31 December              30 June
                                                                                2018                2018
                                                                                $000                $000

       Deposits and prepayments                                                 27,147             24,983
       Other payables and accruals                                               4,099              4,610

       The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated
       parties.
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interim dividend
                                               The Directors declared an interim dividend of 18 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2018
                                               (2017: 18 cents). The interim dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and fully paid
                                               shares in lieu of cash under a scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Directors may, after
                                               having made enquiry regarding the legal restrictions under the laws of the relevant place and the requirements
                                               of the relevant regulatory body or stock exchange in relation to the Scrip Dividend Scheme, exclude any
                                               shareholder outside Hong Kong from the Scrip Dividend Scheme provided that the Directors consider such
                                               exclusion to be necessary or expedient on account either of the legal restrictions under the laws of the relevant
                                               place or the requirements of the relevant regulatory body or stock exchange in that place. Such shareholders
                                               will receive the interim dividend in cash. A circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the
                                               relevant election form are expected to be sent to shareholders on or about Tuesday, 26 February 2019.

                                               The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                               Limited (“HKSE”) granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip
                                               Dividend Scheme.

62                                             The interim dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme
                                               will be sent on or about Wednesday, 27 March 2019 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of
                                               Members of the Company on Monday, 18 February 2019.


                                               Closure of register of members
                                               The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Monday, 18 February 2019. For determining the
                                               entitlement to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day
                                               on Monday, 18 February 2019 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for
                                               the interim dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops
                                               1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than
                                               4:30 p.m. on Friday, 15 February 2019.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                          63



                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2018, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the
Company and the HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set




                                                                                                                           SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
out in Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKSE (the “Listing Rules”), to be
notified to the Company and the HKSE, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                            Number of shares held
                                Personal                                           Number of
                                interests                                          underlying
                                 (held as                                         shares held                     % of
                               beneficial               Other                    under equity                   shares
     Name of Director             owner)             interests          Total     derivatives          Total   in issue


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond           –            5,111,9681      5,111,968                 –    5,111,968      0.46

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen         437,359                    –        437,359                  –     437,359       0.04

     Anna Yip                          –                    –              –         3,000,0002    3,109,000      0.28
                                                                                      (Personal
                                                                                    interests in
                                                                                 share options)

                                                                                       109,0003
                                                                                      (Personal
                                                                                    interests in
                                                                                      unvested
                                                                                  shares under
                                                                                   share award
                                                                                       scheme)

     Chan Kai-lung, Patrick            –                    –              –            73,0003      73,000       0.01
                                                                                      (Personal
                                                                                    interests in
                                                                                      unvested
                                                                                  shares under
                                                                                   share award
                                                                                       scheme)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             –               11,0004        11,000            73,0003      84,000       0.01
                                                                                      (Personal
                                                                                    interests in
                                                                                      unvested
                                                                                  shares under
                                                                                   share award
                                                                                       scheme)
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   Notes:

                                                   1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him
                                                        being a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                   2.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as
                                                        unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown
                                                        in the section entitled “Share option scheme”.

                                                   3.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the
                                                        Company’s share award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

                                                   4.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company
                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                                                                Number of shares held
64
                                                                                    Personal                                            Number of
                                                                                    interests                                           underlying
                                                                                     (held as                                          shares held                    % of
                                                                                   beneficial               Other                     under equity                  shares
                                                        Name of Director              owner)             interests            Total    derivatives         Total   in issue


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond      188,743          524,284,6861      524,543,429              –   524,543,429     18.11
                                                                                                           70,0002

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen          1,000                    –             1,000              –         1,000      0.00




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                        David Norman Prince            2,000                    –             2,000              –         2,000      0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                –                7,0003            7,000              –         7,000      0.00

                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                 –                4,0284            4,028              –         4,028      0.00

                                                        Notes:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being
                                                               a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.     These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.     These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.
                                                                                                                                                               65



                                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                     Number of shares held
                                       Personal                                                      Number of
                                       interests                                                     underlying
                                        (held as                                                    shares held                                      % of
                                      beneficial                   Other                           under equity                                    shares
    Name of Director                     owner)                 interests              Total        derivatives                    Total          in issue




                                                                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                      –             3,485,0001          3,485,000                     –          3,485,000                 0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                          –                        –                 –         4,000,0002            4,000,000                 0.17

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                 50,000                          –          50,000                      –                50,000              0.00

    Notes:

    1.     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him
           being a beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.     These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as
           unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details
           of these share options are shown below:

                                                                                                            Number of share options
                                                                                    Outstanding                                      Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                              at      Granted         Exercised         Lapsed           at
                                                       Exercise                           1 July    during the       during the      during the 31 December
           Name of Director      Date of grant            price Exercise period*           2018         period           period          period        2018
                                                              $


           Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016             2.45 8 March 2017 to        4,000,000             –                –              –      4,000,000
                                                                7 March 2021

           *        The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary
                    of the date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and
                    in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                      (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the
                                                          following associated corporations:
                                                                                                      Attributable             Attributable                   Actual                Actual %
                                                                                                           holding           % of shares in                  Holding                interests
                                                          Name of                                         through            issue through                  through                 in issued
                                                          associated corporation                      corporation               corporation              corporation                   shares


                                                          Splendid Kai Limited                                 2,500                      25                     1,5001                     15

                                                          Hung Carom Company Limited                                 25                   25                         151                    15

                                                          Tinyau Company Limited                                      1                   50                          11                    50

                                                          Open Step Limited                                           8                   80                          41                    40

                                                          Note:
66
                                                          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a
                                                               beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company
                                               had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any
                                               of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to
                                               the Company and the HKSE pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
                                               positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
                                               in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                               be notified to the Company and the HKSE pursuant to the Model Code.


                                               Share option scheme
                                               The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become
                                               effective on 8 December 2011 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the
                                               Company granted/may grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to
                                               subscribe for the shares of the Company.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
                                               six months ended 31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                          Outstanding                                  Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                                                                    at     Granted       Exercised        Lapsed             at
                                                                                                                                1 July   during the     during the     during the   31 December
                                               Grantee             Date of grant   Exercise price Exercise period1               2018        period         period         period          2018
                                                                                                $


                                               Director
                                               Anna Yip            25 July 2016            14.28 25 July 2017 to            3,000,000           ––              ––            ––      3,000,000
                                                                                                   24 July 2021
                                                                                                                                                     67



                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
Note:

1.      The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to
        two-thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the
        third anniversary of the date of grant.

Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed during the period.




                                                                                                                                                      SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an
incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable
personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, shares of the
Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees
until the end of each vesting period.

Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme
during the six months ended 31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of awarded shares
                                                                        Outstanding     Awarded          Vested             Lapsed     Outstanding
                                                                           at 1 July   during the     during the         during the at 31 December
Awardee                  Date of award Vesting period1                         2018        period         period             period           2018


Directors
Anna Yip                 29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021        109,000            –              –                  –        109,000

Chan Kai-lung, Patrick   29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021         73,000            –              –                  –         73,000

Chau Kam-kun, Stephen    29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021         73,000            –              –                  –         73,000

Employees                29 June 2018   29 June 2019 to 29 June 2021      1,616,800            –              –            (35,200)      1,581,600

Note:

1.      30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance
        shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of award.
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 31 December 2018, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive
                                               of the Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
                                               Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the
                                               register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                              Total number              % of shares
                                               Name                                                                               of shares                in issue


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                        798,054,590                   71.17%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                          798,984,902                   71.25%

                                               Notes:
68
                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary
                                                    of TFS) held 42,741,737 shares and 755,312,853 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of
                                                    the SFO, TFS was deemed to be interested in 755,312,853 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS
                                                    had interests and deemed interests in an aggregate of 798,054,590 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-
                                                    owned subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be
                                                    interested in the above-mentioned 798,054,590 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP,




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
                                                    HSBCCI is deemed to have interest in the 798,054,590 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose
                                                    of Part XV of the SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, the Company had not been notified by any persons
                                               (other than Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares
                                               or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
                                               of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
                                               Company under section 336 of the SFO.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
                                               During the six months ended 31 December 2018, the Company repurchased 1,563,500 shares of the
                                               Company on the HKSE. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2018. Details of the
                                               repurchases were as follows:

                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                shares                Price per share                     Aggregate
                                               Month of repurchase                        repurchased                Highest          Lowest               price paid
                                                                                                                           $               $                        $


                                               July 2018                                        744,000                  8.00                7.93          5,938,000
                                               September 2018                                   819,500                  8.14                7.83          6,506,000


                                                                                              1,563,500                                                   12,444,000
                                                                                                               69



                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION
                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2018/19
The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per
share. Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2018 was there any
purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the
Board. The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and
the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric. All the members of the Committee are




                                                                                                                SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business
or financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 25 January 2019 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2018 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee
and the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of
computation adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong.
The Committee found no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied
with the disclosures of data and explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also
satisfied with the risk management and internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2018 have not been audited but have
been reviewed by the Company’s external auditor.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of
Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules.


Corporate governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout
the six months ended 31 December 2018, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the
requirements set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”)
contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, except for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific
term. Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are required to
retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once
every three years in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment
longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-
executive directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of
shareholders. Code Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should
attend the annual general meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of
the Board, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors,
were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 30 October 2018 due to overseas
commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-
Executive Directors (representing 73% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the
Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders.
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, took the chair of the said meeting
pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure
compliance with the CG Code.
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
                                               regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had
                                               confirmed that during the six months ended 31 December 2018, they had fully complied with the required
                                               standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                                               Company Secretary

                                               Hong Kong, 30 January 2019

                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Ms. Anna YIP (Chief Executive
70                                             Officer), Mr. CHAN Kai-lung, Patrick and CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are Mr. KWOK
                                               Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy
                                               Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE, Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. John Anthony MILLER; Independent
                                               Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mrs. IP
                                               YEUNG See-ming, Christine and Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny.




INTERIM REPORT 2018/19




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
