CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                   02
Chairman’s Statement                                                    03
Business Review                                                         06
Business Model                                                          09
Business Strategy                                                       09
Environmental, Social and Governance Report                             10
Management Discussion and Analysis                                      23
Corporate Governance Report                                             29
Report of the Directors                                                 49
Independent Auditor’s Report                                            70
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                77
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                          78
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                            79
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                             81
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                    83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                          85
Five-year Financial Summary                                             136


The English text of this annual report shall prevail over the Chinese
text in case of inconsistencies or discrepancies.
     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                         PRINCIPAL BANKER
     Non-executive Directors                                                                    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
     Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Vice-chairman)                                         SHARE REGISTRAR
     Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian JP                                                              AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                     Tricor Tengis Limited
                                                                                                Level 22, Hopewell Centre,
     Executive Director                                                                         183 Queen’s Road East,
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                                    Hong Kong


     Independent Non-executive Directors                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP                                                          8th Floor, Cable TV Tower,
     Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP                                                            9 Hoi Shing Road,
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP                                                            Tsuen Wan,
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                 Hong Kong

     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                                            AUDITOR
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                 CORPORATE WEBSITE
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                                       www.i-cablecomm.com

     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)                                                        STOCK CODE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                    01097

     COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman)
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
     Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger

     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin




02   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to announce that, with the untiring efforts of our directors, management, especially Ms. Leung Shuk Yee
Irene, the chief operating officer of i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company” or “i-CABLE”) who was appointed
on February 1, 2018, employees and the controlling shareholder, Forever Top (Asia) Limited, the Company, its subsidiaries
and consolidated structured entities (collectively the “Group”) managed to rationalise its business operation and direct it in
a positive way. It is also encouraging that Hong Kong International Business Channel, a 24-hour English free television
channel launched in July 2018 on Channel 76 and focused on providing financial news and information, and Fantastic TV
Channel 77 were renamed Hong Kong Open TV in October 2018, and continued to provide new infotainment
programmes with its new positioning.

In 2018, competition from over-the-top (“OTT”) platforms and digital media intensified and the Group’s financial
performance was affected by a decrease in revenue, in particular advertising and subscription revenue from the television
business segment, and a decrease in non-operating income mainly attributable to a reduction in the gain on disposal of
property holding companies and/or real properties. However, the decline was offset by a pleasing increase in free TV
advertising revenue as the business ramped up so that the financial performance of the Group for the second half of 2018
improved as compared to the first half.

With respect to the subscription business, a series of business initiatives were taken to contain customer attrition. As a
result, new subscriptions have increased, and the number of broadband service subscribers has recorded a slight net
gain as compared to the previous financial year. On the development of airtime sales business, the Group has been
awarded the contract of exclusive commercial airtime sales distributor and content provider for the MTR In-train TV of
MTR Corporation Limited (“MTR”) for another 5 years starting from January 1, 2019. For the past 13 years, the Group has
provided passengers with a wide variety of content, including local and international news, financial news, sports news,
entertainment news and infotainment. We believe that, given our abundant experience in news and infotainment
programmes and the quality outdoor media spaces in the extensive railway network developed by MTR, passengers will
be able to enjoy first-class programmes to their satisfaction.

The Group has learned the importance of adapting itself to the market. Under the new management, the Group believes
that, with continuous self-improvement initiatives and innovative ideas, the Group will navigate major transformations to
stay close to the market and to respond to market changes, enabling us to take proactive action in advance. In order to
accommodate to the prevailing trend and to capitalise on market changes, the Group will keep abreast of the
development of new technologies, considering that identifying the right path for development is of the utmost importance
for our sustainable growth in the future.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   03
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


     Accordingly, the Group entered into a network development agreement with China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited
     (“CMHK”) in December 2018 in relation to a cross-platform collaboration in telecommunications and value-added media-
     related services. The Group and CMHK are both leaders in providing integrated telecommunications services and mobile
     internet services in the territory. The cross-platform collaboration would dynamically integrate the strengths and creativity
     of the two companies, develop higher-quality, diversified telecommunications services, and strengthen sales channels.
     We believe that the two companies would work together to take the development of the local telecommunications and
     media market to a new level and the partnership with CMHK represents a significant step forward in future development
     of the Group.

     In addition, the Group has recently entered into strategic partnership agreements with Guangdong CableTV Network Co.
     Ltd and Guangdong Radio and Television respectively for collaboration in the areas of business development and
     technology enhancement and launched its Greater Bay Area news centre in Guangzhou with the aim of bringing viewers
     the latest news and finance information in the region. The strategic partnerships and the launch of the Greater Bay Area
     news centre marked a milestone for the Group’s development in the Mainland market, enhancing the Group’s television
     services as well as strengthening the media collaboration and enabling our high-quality information content to reach
     audiences in the Greater Bay Area.

     The developments are highly encouraging but financially, recurrent losses have significantly weakened our liquidity and
     increased our dependency on external financing. Since the Group has been suffered losses in recent years, the Company
     has been focusing on an organisational restructuring for the sake of saving costs and improving our profitability and
     financial performance, which included: (i) cost saving initiatives including a reduction of workforce; (ii) new contents and
     channels; (iii) new television content co-operation models; and (iv) strategic review on restructuring our business portfolio.
     In order to strengthen the financial position of the Group, the Company proposed a rights issue in November 2018.
     However, relevant resolutions were not passed by independent shareholders. Accordingly, the Company proposed a
     revised rights issue and an issue of unlisted long-term convertible securities in January 2019 to strengthen the Group’s
     capital base and provide additional funding. The fund raising exercise is still subject to approval of independent
     shareholders.




04   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In the process of rationalising our business operations, the Group will continue to review its capital structure and the
composition of its assets and liabilities, and will strive to make good use of available cash on hand. The Group will invest
in property, plant and equipment and programming library as required, and explore the market and identify any business
opportunity with promising growth and development potential to enhance the profitability and strive for better return to
shareholders of the Company. We are well prepared to capitalise on the opportunity brought about by the upcoming 5G
mobile communication network and the emerging market in the Greater Bay Area. All in all, we are thankful for continued
support from all of our dedicated employees, the new management, invaluable business partners, shareholders and
investors. We look forward to sharing the rewards ahead with you.




Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
Chairman

Hong Kong, March 29, 2019




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   05
     BUSINESS REVIEW


     OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
     The Group’s financial performance in 2018 was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenue. The
     decline of Pay TV advertising revenue was mainly due to the intensifying competition from OTT platforms and digital
     media. The decline was offset by the increase in free TV advertising revenue as the business started ramping up. On the
     subscription business front, the customer base contracted in the earlier months of 2018 as compared to 2017. Number
     of subscribers has demonstrated improvement following the introduction of new contents and channels during the year
     under review.

     Business
     Keen competition in the market has continued to contract the subscription customer base of pay television (“Pay TV”)
     service, however, the subscription average revenue per user was only slightly affected.

                                                                                                  December           December
      Customers (’000)                                                                                2018               2017


      Television                                                                                         800                850
      Broadband                                                                                          155                149
      Telephony                                                                                           87                 90


     FANhub with enhanced content viewing features combined with our mobile app served as a major proposition to facilitate
     the acquisition and retention of Pay TV subscription customers. Broadcasting equipment was upgraded to improve the
     video and transmission quality of TV programmes, and the viewing experience was enriched with multi-screen function,
     allowing our subscribers to watch our content more conveniently.

     The Group continues to upgrade our network to provide high speed Gigabit-capable Passive Optical Network services
     and to enhance the FANhub platform to support our enhanced and interactive services, so that our subscribers are able
     to enjoy more stable and faster internet access.

     Directly impacted by the shift of advertising dollars to digital media and online platforms, airtime sales business of Pay TV
     underperformed in 2018. The Group is building up the airtime sales business of the local free TV channels. The Group
     launched its free integrated English TV Channel in July 2018 and rebranded its integrated Cantonese TV Channel by
     official renaming the Group’s Free Television Channel 77 as Hong Kong Open TV in October 2018.

     The Group is under-going major changes, including, among other things, (i) cost saving initiative; (ii) introduction of new
     contents and channels; (iii) new television content co-operation models; and (iv) strategic review on possible restructuring
     of the Group’s business portfolio to achieve cost saving and improve profitability, as well as the financial performance of
     the Group. As part of a strategic review, the Group is evaluating forming partnership or disposing its loss making
     operations to reduce the cash drain on the business. Although early discussions are being held, there is no certainty that
     these may lead to any satisfactory conclusion for any transactions.




06   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)


Programming
i-CABLE’s news has always been well-recognised by the market as evidenced by the high ranking in news and finance
channel in the Appreciation Index in past years. This was further demonstrated by the awards winning in various
i-CABLE’s news programmes over the years.

Amid fierce competition from traditional TV, online media threat and change of audiences’ viewing habits, entertainment
platform strived to maintain our competitive edge by providing bespoke specialty channels with premium content to our
subscribers. Movie channels continue to offer a wide range of movie choices to film buffs including the critically acclaimed
Korean movie “A Taxi Driver” (逆權司機) and Best Film of the 37th Hong Kong Film Awards — “Our Time will Come” (明月
幾時有). “Movie 2” channel was renamed to “Cable Movie Classics” (有線經典電影台) to bring viewers not only Hong
Kong golden classics but also classic movies around the world. Drama channel made a substantial growth in viewership.
Korean family dramas continue to attract eye-balls, both “Band of Sisters” (姐姐還活著) and “Return of Fortunate Bok” (回
來的福丹芝) ranked the highest viewership entertainment programmes during the period. Our self-productions continue
to embrace originality and local flavor. “4-Hour Living Circle” (四小時生活圈) not only exhibited a fresh new format with
distinctive prospective, but also delivered a stylish twist to traditional travel programme. The Group’s self-produced
entertainment programmes focus on local and international entertainment news for the purpose of fostering relationships
with different partners in the entertainment industry.

During the year, the Group continued to offer major soccer events such as UEFA Champions League, German
Bundesliga, J.League, etc and broadened the variety of major sports programmes that interest local subscribers. We
covered horse racing and a new programme “Be A Big Punter” (我要做大戶) on horse racing channel. The Group also
carried other major sports events like “Hong Kong Sevens” (香港國際七人欖球賽), “FIVB Women’s Nations League” (世界
女排聯賽), “FIVB Men’s Nations League“ (世界男排聯賽), “FIBA Men’s Basketball World Cup 2019 Qualifiers” (FIBA世界
盃男子籃球資格賽), “CBA” (中國職業籃球聯賽), “ASEAN Basketball League” (東南亞職業籃球聯賽) and “Thomas & Uber
Cup Badminton” (湯姆斯盃及優霸盃羽毛球賽) etc.

In March 2018, the Group had business arrangements with Fox Networks Group Asia Pacific Limited on the provision of
programme channels to Pay TV with a variety of programmes including world-class sports, entertainment, lifestyle and
news contents. These arrangements serve to perfectly complement i-CABLE’s award winning news and creative local
production programmes, and provide a range of new genres for our subscribers.

In the same month, i-CABLE was appointed as the Official Host Broadcaster and the Official Partner of the 2018 Cathay
Pacific/HSBC Hong Kong Sevens. During the game period, on-site coverage of the tournament from Hong Kong
Stadium, and all programming were produced by i-CABLE Sports and all games were available on TV, i-CABLE’s website
and the i-CABLE mobile app, offering the most comprehensive multiple-platform broadcasting service. i-CABLE also
celebrated the 18th Asian Games 2018 Jakarta-Palembang in August 2018 by providing extensive and unprecedented
broadcasting coverage of the event in Hong Kong. The programme of Asian Games 2018 on CABLE TV was a cross-
platform special broadcast, spanning Pay TV, free TV, the internet and mobile networks. With the broadcast services
provided by i-CABLE, people in Hong Kong could be able to keep abreast with the latest news and results of the event
and, the most important of all, to support Hong Kong athletes by sharing their joy and disappointment. In September
2018, i-CABLE and beIN Asia Pacific announced their collaboration to offer live coverage of the UEFA Champions League
(“UCL”) and the UEFA Europa League (“UEL”) to our subscribers from 2018/19 to 2020/21 seasons. We were excited to
join forces with beIN Asia Pacific again to further enrich our football coverage. UCL, UEL and UEFA Nations League are
definitely the world’s greatest football competitions and i-CABLE is pleased to bring the world’s best sports actions to our
viewers.

Recently, the Group enriched the content by adding new channels relating to sports, entertainment, lifestyle and news to
Pay TV, which serves to perfectly complement i-CABLE’s award winning news and creative local production programmes,
and provide a range of new genres for our subscribers.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   07
     BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Facing the Group
     The following principal risks and uncertainties are considered to be of significance and have the potential to affect the
     Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial conditions. However, this is non-exhaustive as there may be other
     risks and uncertainties arising, resulting from changes in the economy and other conditions over time.

     The television segment is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super dominant operator and
     changing user behavior. A wider range of contents is available on new platforms and various mobile devices for users to
     select and view anytime and anywhere. An abundant supply of contents intensified competition, which further weakened
     the demand for our subscription content. At the same time, the much keener competition for content has raised costs.
     They combine to weaken the Group’s operating results. Nevertheless, the Group will make prudent and necessary
     investment in content and infrastructure to strengthen our competitiveness.

     The internet and multimedia segment is faced with fast changing technology and customers are constantly demanding for
     better quality and higher-speed internet service. The Group’s operations depend on its ability to innovate and the
     successful deployment of new technologies. The Group will continue to enhance its network and bring better quality
     service to the customers. The enhancement would strengthen our competitiveness and bring in revenue growth potential.

     Recurrent losses have weakened the Group’s financial position and increased its dependency on external financing.

     The Group also exposed to certain financial risks which are set out in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.




08   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                                                    BUSINESS MODEL


The Group is an integrated communications services provider in Hong Kong, commanding a large and influential television
viewer and communications service user base in town.

It owns and operates a near universal wireline telecommunications network in Hong Kong to provide television, internet
and multimedia services to over two million households.

It is also one of the producers of television and multimedia content based in Hong Kong for distribution over conventional
and new media, with a particular focus on news, information, sports and entertainment.


                                                                                          BUSINESS STRATEGY
The Group endeavours to sharpen its services to attain higher customer satisfaction, which in turn drives business and
revenue performance. Specifically, the Group pursues the following:

(a)   acquire, produce and distribute quality content meeting local tastes and needs;

(b)   invest in infrastructure, network and delivery platforms to enhance service level and customer convenience;

(c)   unlock the value of our programming assets for cross-platform and international distribution; and

(d)   continuously better our processes and procedures to always stay cost-effective.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   09
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ABOUT THIS REPORT
     As a responsible corporate citizen, i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and consolidated
     structured entities (collectively the “Group”) are committed to responding to the challenges of climate change by adopting
     environmental protocols for our operations. We are also dedicated to creating a favourable environment for our staff
     members; providing resources to support their growth and development; as well as promoting staff engagement in social
     undertakings and volunteer work.

     Reporting Scope
     This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) report summarises the efforts made and accomplishments of the
     Group in Corporate Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) during the period from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018 (the
     ”Reporting Period”) in accordance with the “comply or explain” provisions of Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and
     Governance Reporting Guide of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange
     of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The scope of this ESG report covers our key business operations in the
     provision of television, internet and multimedia activities in Hong Kong.

     ESG Governance
     Our Group is committed to fulfilling stakeholders’ expectations on our ESG practices. The board (the “Board”) of directors
     (the “Directors”) of the Company has the overall responsibility for the Company’s ESG strategy and reporting and is
     responsible for ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal controls systems are in place.

     We have established an ESG working group, which reports to the Management and the Board, with representatives from
     different functions, including the Finance, Human Resources and Administrative departments, to collect the ESG data and
     facilitate the ESG reporting process. The ESG working group monitors issues that are material to the Group’s operations,
     and schedules meetings in updating new policies and mechanisms in improving the management of the Group’s strategic
     goals in sustainable development. In addition, the ESG working group evaluates the impact, efficiency and effectiveness
     of policies that are already in place, and take remedial actions if the ESG policies are not properly implemented. Our
     management executes the ESG strategies determined by the Board and ongoing monitors the ESG-related risks. As part
     of the Group’s internal control systems, a professional consultant has been engaged for annual assessment of the internal
     control and risk management systems so as to identify any deficiencies and provide recommendations for improvement
     accordingly.




10   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


ABOUT THIS REPORT (Continued)
Stakeholder Engagement
With the aim to align the Group’s long term sustainability goals with its current vision and mission, we recognise the
importance of integrating our stakeholders’ expectations and requests and of truly understanding their concerns.

We actively engage our stakeholders and provide updates on our recent developments through diverse engagement
channels. The table below highlights our key stakeholders and our communication channels:

 Stakeholder Group                          Engagement Channels

 Employees                                  •    Internal emails and publications
                                            •    Meetings and briefings
                                            •    Training and workshops
                                            •    Employee activities
                                            •    Performance appraisal

 Clients                                    •    Corporate website
                                            •    Client meetings

 Investors and Shareholders                 •    Annual general meeting
                                            •    Annual and interim report
                                            •    Press release and announcements
                                            •    Shareholders meeting
                                            •    Investors analysts meeting

 Suppliers, Contractors and                 •    Business meeting
   Business Partners                        •    Site visits

 Government and Regulators                  •    Email and phone communications

 Social Groups and Public                   •    Email and phone communications
                                            •    Volunteer activities
                                            •    Sponsorships and donations

 Media                                      •    Press release
                                            •    Public events




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   11
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     ABOUT THIS REPORT (Continued)
     Materiality Assessment
     Through our established engagement channels, we have identified relevant ESG issues and assessed their materiality to
     our businesses as well as to our stakeholders.

     The materiality assessment process is set out as follows:

     •        Identification of potential issues: Screening of initial reference issues with reference to the ESG Guide, and peer
              benchmarking ideas against suitable peer companies to pinpoint material ESG issues are performed.
     •        Stakeholder evaluation: Internal and external stakeholders are invited to rank the importance of each ESG issue via
              established engagement channels and interviews.
     •        Prioritisation: The results from issues identification and stakeholder evaluation are combined to generate ESG
              materiality ranking.
     •        Validation: The ESG working group of the Company validates and confirms the key material ESG issues, and how
              they link to the respective Aspects and KPIs of the ESG Guide.

     In accordance with the results from the stakeholder engagement exercises, we have placed greater emphasis on ESG
     issues relating to product responsibility, employee safety, supply chain management and environmental protection. The
     table below highlights the ESG issues which were determined to be material to the Group covered in this report:

         #     Material ESG Issues                                                              Aspect in the ESG Guide
         1     •       Service Commitment                                                       B6: Product Responsibility
               •       Intellectual Property Rights
               •       Personal Data Policy
         2     •       Employee Health and Safety                                               B2: Health and Safety
         3     •       Supply Chain Management                                                  B5: Supply Chain Management
         4     •       Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions                                         A1: Emissions
               •       Waste Management
         5     •       Energy Management                                                        A2: Use of Resources
               •       Water Management
         6     •       Environmental impact management                                          A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
         7     •       Labour practices                                                         B1: Employment
         8     •       Employee Development and Training                                        B3: Development and Training
         9     •       Prevention of child and forced labour                                    B4: Labour Standards
         10    •       Anti-corruption                                                          B7: Anti-Corruption
               •       Whistle Blowing
         11    •       Community Support                                                        B8: Community Investment
               •       Community Engagement


     Looking ahead, we will continue to develop our CSR work in line with our business plan and strategies. This will not be
     possible without our colleagues’ efforts and dedication in upholding CSR values.




12   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES
1.   Product Responsibility
     We observe codes and guidelines for television programme service licensees, along with various legislations
     including:

     •     Broadcasting Ordinance (Cap. 562);
     •     Broadcasting (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 391);
     •     Telecommunications Ordinance (Cap. 106);
     •     Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486); and
     •     Competition Ordinance (Cap. 619).

     We also have established various internal guidelines or codes of practices for different functions and divisions, and
     provided different trainings for staff development.

     Service Commitment
     We were awarded ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management System certification & ISO 10002:2014 Quality
     Management — Customer Satisfaction certification, covering after-sales services and customer cases management,
     by SGS Hong Kong Limited in March 2016 which continues to be well maintained in 2017 and 2018.

     We place customer experience as our priority. A Quality Management System in line with the requirements of the
     ISO standards is implemented to improve our hotline and customer care services, and to uplift installation and
     maintenance standards. We address customer complaints in a timely, fair and unbiased manner. Customer views
     are regularly collected and analysed through customer satisfaction surveys.

     Intellectual Property Rights
     We have Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures in place to manage, protect and monitor information
     technology (IT) systems and data. The use of unauthorised software or copying of copyrights works is not allowed
     under our policy.

     Personal Data Policy
     We respect individuals’ legal rights to privacy, and strictly abide by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance in
     collecting, holding, processing and using customers’ personal data. In addition to establishing policies and operation
     guidelines, we issue periodic reminders and deliver regular briefings to frontline staff to remind them the importance
     of protecting personal data.

     We protect the confidentiality of our customer data by implementing layers of security (IT controls) to prevent loss or
     leakage of customer data. Our Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures also ensure data security and
     IT system user access control.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with the aforementioned laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the business operations of the Group during the Reporting Period.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   13
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     2.     Employee Health and Safety
            We are committed to providing and maintaining a healthy, safe, and hygienic workplace for all employees and
            related parties that are likely to be affected by our operations and activities. The following three policies on health
            and safety have been established and posted on the intranet:

            1.       The Safety Handbook & Company Policy which sets out the requirements on work place safety;
            2.       Typhoon & Rainstorm Policy which sets out the working arrangement under special weather; and
            3.       Display Screen Equipment Assessment Policy that provides safety guidelines for using equipment.

            To enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of safe working practices, the Group has adopted the
            following key occupational health and safety measures:

            •        Annual practice of mass fire drill in collaboration with the Fire Department;
            •        Periodical occupational safety and health training courses;
            •        Demo video of physical exercise in department workplace as reminder; and
            •        Establishment of the Department Operational Guideline on safety measures for working-at-height and lifting of
                     heavy tools and objects.

            There was no incident of non-compliance with the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance during the Reporting
            Period.

            Occupational Health and Safety Data

                       Year                Fatality number                Fatality rate(1)      Injury rate(2)   Lost days rate(3)   Absentee rate(4)
                       2018                            –                            –             0.0087             0.0012              0.0167
                       2017                            –                            –             0.0119             0.0012              0.0105

            Notes:


            (1)      Fatality rate = Total fatality number/Total number of employees
            (2)      Injury rate = Total staff affected/Total number of employees
            (3)      Lost days rate = Total number of lost days/Total days worked
            (4)      Absentee rate = Total number of absentee days/Total days worked




14   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
3.      Supply Chain Management
        The Group sources from trustworthy suppliers and contractors for quality and sustainable products and services,
        under well-defined procurement policy. The Group offers equal opportunity to all potential business partners.
        Supplier selections and procurement decisions would be made based on assessment over certain criteria such as
        reputation and image of the suppliers, quality and reliability of the products and services, compliance with user
        requirements and/or specifications, conformance to technical evaluation instituted by requisitioning department,
        compatibility with/conformance to existing operating systems, service level commitment etc. We encourage
        suppliers and contractors to take green measures and products that fulfill the 4Rs Rule: “Reduce, Recycle, Reuse
        and Replace”. The Group also continues to monitor the product and service quality of the suppliers to ensure the
        suppliers’ compliance with the requirements of the Group.

        We source from around the world with over 70% of suppliers and contractors based in Hong Kong to reduce
        carbon footprint in our supply chain, while supporting the local economy.

4.      Emissions
        The Group recognised the importance of maintaining good environmental protection behavior across the Group by
        integrating environmental considerations into the business processes of the Group. The Board believes that the
        Group is responsible for the protection of the environment and adheres to create a sustainable future for the
        stakeholders as well as the community in which the Group operates by the continuous contributions from our
        experienced management and employees. To this end, the Group focuses on three main areas which include
        emissions1, use of resources, and the environment and natural resources.

        Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
        The Group works strategically and collaboratively to identify solutions for reducing greenhouse gas emissions,
        reducing waste production as well as reducing energy consumption by identifying rooms for improvement. We
        strictly follow the Hong Kong Air Pollution Control Ordinance and Waste Disposal Ordinance of Hong Kong. During
        the Reporting Period, there was no incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating to air and
        greenhouse gas emissions and waste management that have a significant impact on the business operations of the
        Group.

        The Group promotes the minimisation of greenhouse gas emissions generated by the Group and encourages the
        environmental care in its working environment. The Group continuously takes the following measures to reduce the
        air and greenhouse gas emissions:




1
    The Group did not generate significant sewage discharge during the Reporting Period.




                                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   15
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     4.     Emissions (Continued)
            Fuel consumption
            •     reduce the number of vehicles and optimise vehicle utilisation;
            •     phase out pre-euro IV diesel vehicles;
            •     regular maintenance to reduce carbon emission;
            •     get annual vehicle examination for vehicles to ensure compliance with emission standards set by the
                  Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong;
            •     provide guidelines on good driving practice; and
            •     Green driving workshops conducted for our drivers.

            Air Emissions

                                                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                                                          (in tonne)            (in tonne)


            NOX emissions                                                                                                      1.84                   2.2
            SOX emissions                                                                                                    0.0039               0.0046
            PM emissions                                                                                                     0.1751                  0.2


            Greenhouse Gas Emissions

                                                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                                                          (in tonne)            (in tonne)


            CO2 emissions — scope 1 (Note 1)                                                                                     700                 824
            CO2 emissions — scope 2 (Note 2)                                                                                   8,786              11,517


            Total                                                                                                              9,486              12,341

            Notes:


            1.       Direct emissions (scope 1) includes greenhouse gas emissions from combustion of fuels in company vehicle fleet.
            2.       Energy indirectly emissions (scope 2) includes greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of electricity purchased from power companies.




16   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
4.   Emissions (Continued)
     Waste Management
     The Group has devoted substantial efforts to waste management by minimising solid waste to landfills through
     waste reducing, waste reusing and waste recycling. One of the essential measurements is through promoting the
     importance of waste reduction among the employees of the Group through training and education. Going paperless
     is always our key message passed to the employees of the Group and they are encouraged to use electronic copies
     for filing purpose and use recycle papers for printing in order to reduce waste. Our efforts to reduce paper usage
     include implementing paperless e-Leave and e-Payroll systems.

     The Group is not aware of any significant generation of hazardous waste and adopted suitable waste handling and
     reduction measures in accordance with local laws and regulations. All non-hazardous wastes generated are
     collected by the property management of the office buildings and will then be transported to public refuse collection
     points.

     Types and amount of waste recycled

                                                                                                 Production
                                                                                                Equipment,
                                                                                                    Office                   Batteries and
                            Paper and            Plastics                                      Equipment and                   Charger
                          Paper Product       (Video Tape)             Cartridge                 Computers                   Accessories
            Year             (tonne)             (piece)                (piece)                    (piece)                      (piece)
            2018                35                13,500                   322                         5,499                         363
            2017                27                22,401                   510                         3,827                         238


     There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the business operations of the Group during the Reporting Period.

5.   Use of Resources
     Being a responsible corporation to the environment and the society, the Group focuses on exploring opportunities
     to minimise the use of energy or natural resources among the Group and with the new technologies and by
     improving the efficiency of operating procedures that provide the best use of production and office equipment, the
     management of the Group believes that the efficiency of the use of energy and natural resources can be improved
     from time to time.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   17
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     5.     Use of Resources (Continued)
            Energy Management
            The Group endeavours to make use of energy efficiently and to encourage employees of the Group to use energy
            smartly. The consumption of energy is monitored regularly and measures were taken to identify any rooms for
            improvement. Another key focus by the Group on how to minimise the use of resources and how to use wisely is
            through education and training:

            •        reduce operation hours of public lighting, escalators and lifts;
            •        automated switching off air-conditioning and lighting;
            •        retrofit lighting system with using energy efficient T5 fluorescent tubes and LED lights;
            •        adjust indoor temperature settings;
            •        purchase energy efficient office equipment with electron energy loss spectroscopy; and
            •        provide staff with tips for Green office.

            Water Management
            There was no water sourcing issue with our Group as we mainly consume municipal water. The majority of the
            water consumption of the Group is for water-cooled air conditioning system, basic cleaning and sanitation. The
            Group promotes the use of water smartly by training and education. The management of the Group continuously
            monitors the consumption of water and explores ways to further reduce our water consumption. Owing to our
            ongoing education and efforts, our water consumption for the year ended 2018 has decreased 37% compared to
            the consumption for the year ended 2017.

            Energy and Resources Consumption

                                                                                                                                2018        2017


            Electricity (kilowatt-hour)                                                                                 17,226,533     17,994,843
            Water consumption (cubic meter)                                                                                  2,761          4,396
            Diesel (litre)                                                                                                 126,397        149,118
            Unleaded petrol (litre)                                                                                        129,873        152,215
            Electricity intensity (kilowatt-hour/employee)                                                                  10,050          9,592
            Water consumption intensity (cubic meter/employee)                                                                   2              2
            Diesel per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                               2,431          2,868
            Unleaded petrol per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                      1,779          2,114

            Note: Use of packaging material for finished product is not a material aspect of the business operations of the Group.




18   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
6.   The Environment and Natural Resources
     The Group explores the possibility of the usage of clean energy or reusable resources and the opportunities to
     minimise the use of energy or natural resources in every department in different business operations of the Group.
     The Group continuously adheres the principle of minimising the impact on the environment and natural resources.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group is not aware of any significant impacts of activities arising from the business
     operations of the Group on the environment and natural resources.

     Environmental Friendly Programme was implemented to the Group throughout these years to bring the employees
     together with the management of the Company to contribute to our society. The Group takes great emphasis in the
     future development of our environment. In order to enhance the awareness of environmental conservation, we
     encouraged our staff to participate in various environmental programmes. Through participating in the programme
     of Earth Hour 2018 organised by Worldwide Fund, we believe our commitment will contribute to the betterment of
     our community.

7.   Employment
     The Group recognises employees as important assets to us. We are committed to developing a positive and
     respectable working environment that encourages collaboration between employees and across departments. We
     strive to attract and retain talents and aim to promote workforce diversity, in terms of age, gender and nationality, as
     well as a culture of equal opportunity.

     The Group has developed the Employee Handbook & Company Policy which has been posted on intranet,
     governing compensation, dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-
     discrimination and other benefits and welfare in accordance to its respective laws and regulations.

     The following Hong Kong laws in relation to the Group’s employment and labour practices are relevant to the
     Group:

     •     Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57);
     •     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (“MPFSO”) (Cap. 485);
     •     Employees’ Compensation Ordinance (Cap. 282);
     •     Minimum Wage Ordinance (Cap. 608);
     •     Sex Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 480);
     •     Disability Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 487);
     •     Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 527);
     •     Race Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 602); and
     •     Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486).

     Working hours, leaves, remuneration and other employment practices are reviewed regularly to ensure the
     compliance with latest labour laws and regulations.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with employment laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   19
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     7.     Employment (Continued)
            Employee Statistics
            Total Workforce

                                                                                                                        Employment Types
                                                 All types of employee
                                                                                                        Permanent contract                Temporary contract
                   Year                  Male                Female                 Total                Male           Female            Male           Female
                   2018                 1,177                   537                 1,714                1,173              527              4             10
                   2017                 1,298                   578                 1,876                1,298              578              –              –


            New Hires and Employee Turnover

                                                                   Below 30                            30–50                 Above 50
                                               Year                                                                                              Total      Rate
                                                               Male          Female             Male      Female        Male       Female
                                               2018             209             116             173            74           27        7           606      0.354(1)
               New Hires
                                               2017             161             100             113            53           21        3           451      0.240(1)

               Employee                        2018             211             116             230            110          95       20           782      0.452(2)
                Turnover                       2017             187             115             230            125          49        6           712      0.380(2)

            Notes:


            (1)      New hire rate = Total number of new hires/Total number of employees
            (2)      Turnover rate = Total number of employee turnover/Total number of employees


     8.     Employee Development and Training
            The Group acknowledges the importance of training for professional development of our employees. We place
            adequate and appropriate resources on training and staff development opportunities. The Company encourages
            vocational education and training activities by providing Tuition Subsidies and Full Funding Training Programmes.

            During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted around 55 corporate training events (2017: 56 corporate
            training events) involving 2,501 participants (2017: 3,679 participants) with a total of 76,450 training hours (2017:
            42,659 training hours) to enhance working knowledge, safety compliance, service quality as well as compliance of
            anti-corruption.

            Employee Training and Development Data
            Average hours of training

                                                      By gender                                                   By employment category
                                                                                         Management
                                              Male                  Female                  Staff                Senior Staff     General Staff           Total
                     Year                    (hour)                  (hour)                (hour)                  (hour)            (hour)              (hour)
                     2018                     44.6                     44.4                     16.1                 15.8             53.6               44.6
                     2017                     22.7                     22.7                      3.9                 19.2             23.8               22.7




20   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
9.   Prevention of child and forced labour
     The Employment and Compensation & Benefits Policies were established to meet or exceed the requirements of
     the Employment Ordinance and the MPFSO. The Group has adopted the following measures to prevent recruitment
     of child and forced labour:

     •    Except for child entertainers and summer interns, the Group shall hold against hiring any candidate who is
          under 18 years old;
     •    For child entertainers, the Group renews permission to employ child entertainers yearly from the Labour
          Department; and
     •    For summer interns, strict collection of sworn declaration forms and school endorsement are required to
          prevent child labour.

     The Group has received the “Good MPF Employer Award”, “e-Contribution Award” and “Support for MPF
     Management Award” in 2017/18 from The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority for our full compliance
     with employers’ statutory obligations and provision of better retirement for employees.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating to labour standards during the
     Reporting Period.

10. Anti-corruption
     The Group prohibits bribery and corruption practices. We have established Employee Handbook and Company
     Policy posted on intranet web link regarding standard code of ethics, which states the prevention of bribery,
     gambling, collections and insider dealing, as well as the policy on reporting potential non-compliance and conflict of
     interest.

     Under the Group’s Code of Conduct, all staff are required to abide by the laws on anti-corruption, such as the
     Prevention of Bribery Ordinance.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.

     Whistle Blowing
     Staff is obliged to report alleged material non-compliance to the Company, which will be investigated.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   21
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     11. Community
            Community Investment
            The Group attaches great importance to staff participation in community activities, motivating and encouraging
            colleagues to extend a helping hand to the elderly, children and youths as well as families in need of social support.

            Volunteer Services
            Established in 2003, our staff volunteering team continued to grow. Leading charitable organisations that we worked
            with include The Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society Kowloon, Food Angel, Youth Outreach, The Commission on
            Poverty, The Salvation Army and The Community Chest. Activities and events included visits to elderly homes,
            collection of book, stationery and other materials for donation to needy children as well as fundraising initiatives.

            Community Support
            The Group offers care and opportunities for the younger generation since we are concerned about the development
            of our community. We joined the Job Tasting Programme under the “Life Buddies” scheme launched by The
            Commission on Poverty and partnered with Church of Christ in China Mong Man Wai College to give senior
            secondary students the experience of a lifetime to broaden their exposure as well as develop a vision for their future
            through real-life on-the-job experience.

            Community Engagement
            The Group is dedicated to producing quality programmes which enhance the connection with local communities
            and inspire people to care for the society. Our news team has undertaken to produce the programme “Making a
            Difference” covering over 700 touching stories in town by exploring encouraging stories with non-profit-making
            organisations, individuals or organisations with a passion for life; turning these into news segments and “Making a
            Difference” a reality. We hope to bring positive energy to Hong Kong and raise public awareness for the minority
            groups and people in need. This year, our TV production team introduced a programme “Walk with You”, a
            documentary unveiling the stories behind the disadvantaged and minority groups in Hong Kong. The programme
            presents to viewers with the genuine life of the living of the disadvantaged and minority groups in Hong Kong as well
            as the challenges they are facing, hoping to encourage the public to show more understanding and care to those in
            need.




22   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(A) REVIEW OF 2018 RESULTS
   Revenue of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 decreased by approximately HK$95 million or 8% to
   approximately HK$1,163 million (2017: HK$1,258 million).

   Operating costs of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018, including selling, general and administrative
   and other operating expenses, cost of sales, network expenses and programming costs, decreased by
   approximately HK$50 million to approximately HK$1,652 million (2017: HK$1,702 million). Selling, general and
   administrative and other operating expenses of the Group increased by approximately 12%, cost of sales of the
   Group increased by approximately 10%, while network expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 7% and
   programming costs of the Group decreased by approximately 8%.

   Loss from operations of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 was approximately HK$489 million,
   representing an increase of approximately 10%, as compared with the operating loss of approximately HK$444
   million for the corresponding period in 2017.

   During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group recorded a gain on the disposal of a subsidiary, which was a
   property holding company of approximately HK$32 million (2017: HK$72 million). Gain on disposal of real properties
   for the year ended December 31, 2018 was approximately HK$11 million (2017: HK$11 million).

   After the recognition of interest income, finance costs, non-operating income and income tax, the Group recorded a
   net loss of approximately HK$456 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: HK$363 million). Basic and
   diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2018 was approximately HK7.3 cents (2017: HK10.1
   cents).

(B) SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
   The principal activities of the Group include Television, and Internet and Multimedia operations.

   Television
   The television segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, domestic free television
   programme service, advertising, channel carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, network
   maintenance, and other related businesses.

   Revenue derived from the television segment for the year ended December 31, 2018 decreased by approximately
   10% to approximately HK$813 million (2017: HK$905 million) on lower subscription and advertising revenue.

   Operating costs before depreciation incurred by the television segment for the year ended December 31, 2018
   decreased by approximately 5% to approximately HK$1,115 million (2017: HK$1,175 million). EBITDA for the year
   ended December 31, 2018 was a loss of approximately HK$302 million (2017: a loss of approximately HK$270
   million) due to a decrease in revenue and the start-up costs associated with introduction of free TV channel.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (B) SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (Continued)
            Internet and Multimedia
            The internet and multimedia segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
            operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services as well as other internet access related businesses.

            Revenue derived from the internet and multimedia segment for the year ended December 31, 2018 slightly
            decreased by approximately HK$1 million to approximately HK$320 million (2017: HK$321 million).

            Operating costs before depreciation incurred by the internet and multimedia segment for the year ended December
            31, 2018 decreased by approximately HK$1 million to approximately HK$203 million (2017: HK$204 million).
            EBITDA remained at approximately HK$117 million for both the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
            As at December 31, 2018, the Group had cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances of approximately
            HK$178 million and HK$18 million respectively as compared to approximately HK$568 million and HK$17 million
            respectively as at December 31, 2017. The cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances of the Group as
            at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are mainly denominated in Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”). The gearing ratio, measured
            in terms of the total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity, was approximately 68.4% (2017: 43.8%).
            The capital structure of the Group was approximately 41% debt and approximately 59% equity as at December 31,
            2018, representing an increase of approximately 11% and a decrease of approximately 11% respectively as
            compared with approximately 30% debt and approximately 70% equity as at December 31, 2017.

            Consolidated net asset value of the Group as at December 31, 2018 was approximately HK$724 million,
            representing a decrease of approximately 36%, as compared with consolidated net asset value of the Group as at
            December 31, 2017 of approximately HK$1,130 million.

            The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ as at December 31, 2018 was HK$495
            million (2017: HK$495 million), which carries interest at variable rates, of which HK$395 million was repayable on
            demand and HK$100 million would become due on December 31, 2019. The committed borrowing facilities
            available to the Group but not drawn as at December 31, 2018 amounted to HK$5 million (2017: HK$11 million).

            In September 2017, the Company completed the open offer (the “Open Offer”) of 3,352,520,666 shares of the
            Company (the “Shares”) at the offer price of HK$0.21 per Share for net proceeds of approximately HK$687 million
            and completed the conversion of the loan capitalisation amount of HK$300 million to 841,987,090 Shares in
            accordance with the loan capitalisation agreement among the Company, a subsidiary of the Company and Wharf
            Finance Limited.




24   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)
   The following table sets forth the information in relation to the use of the net proceeds from the Open Offer:

       Unutilised amount of
       net proceeds from                    Actual use of                        The amount of
       the Open Offer as at                 net proceeds from                    the unutilised proceeds                    Intended use of
       December 31, 2017 and                the Open Offer                       from the Open Offer which                  unutilised net proceeds
       intended use of such                 during the year ended                has been reallocated                       from the Open Offer and
       unutilised net proceeds              December 31, 2018                    as operating funds                         expected timeline


       Approximately HK$523 million         Approximately HK$504 million         Not applicable                             Approximately HK$19 million
       comprising:                          comprising:                                                                     (being unutilised net
                                                                                                                            proceeds of approximately
                                                                                                                            HK$523 million less use of
                                                                                                                            net proceeds during the year
                                                                                                                            ended December 31, 2018
                                                                                                                            of approximately HK$504
                                                                                                                            million) comprising:

       (i) approximately HK$146 million     (i) approximately HK$96 million      (i) approximately HK$44 million; (i) approximately HK$6
       for investments in network           for investments in network                                            million* for investments in
       related capital expenditure;         related capital expenditure;                                          network related capital
                                                                                                                  expenditure within 3 years
                                                                                                                  from the completion of the
                                                                                                                  Open Offer;

       (ii) approximately HK$143 million    (ii) approximately HK$41 million (ii) approximately HK$94                       (ii) approximately HK$8
       for investments in television        for investments in television    million;                                       million* for investments in
       related capital expenditure;         related capital expenditure;                                                    television related capital
                                                                                                                            expenditure within 3 years
                                                                                                                            from the completion of the
                                                                                                                            Open Offer;

       (iii) approximately HK$75 million    (iii) approximately HK$65            (iii) approximately HK$10                  (iii) HK$Nil; and
       for investments in other capital     million for investments in other     million; and
       expenditure; and                     capital expenditure; and

       (iv) approximately HK$159            (iv) approximately HK$302            (iv) not applicable. An                    (iv) approximately HK$5
       million for funding required for     million for funding required for     aggregate of approximately                 million for funding required
       operating requirements of the        operating requirements of the        HK$148 million was                         for operating requirements of
       Group                                Group                                reallocated from the above                 the Group within 2 years
                                                                                 intended uses                              from the completion of the
                                                                                                                            Open Offer

   *        Amount of the unutilised proceeds from the Open Offer which will be used as originally intended.




                                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)
            The Group’s assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in HK$ and United States Dollars (“US$”) and it earns its
            revenue and incurs costs and expenses mainly in HK$ and US$. As HK$ is pegged to US$, the Group does not
            expect any significant foreign currency exposure arising from the fluctuation of the US$/HK$ or HK$/US$ exchange
            rates.

            Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2018 amounted to
            approximately HK$179 million (2017: HK$208 million) and the additions to programming library during the year
            ended December 31, 2018 was approximately HK$86 million (2017: HK$115 million).

            The Group financed its operations generally with internally generated cash flows, the available credit facilities and
            the proceeds from the Open Offer.

     (D) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            As at December 31, 2018, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

     (E) GUARANTEES
            As at December 31, 2018, there were contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees and indemnities provided by the
            Company to a bank and Wharf Finance Limited totally of HK$500 million (2017: HK$500 million) in respect of
            guarantee facilities of borrowings up to HK$500 million (2017: HK$500 million) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
            Company, of which HK$495 million (2017: HK$495 million) was utilised by the subsidiary of the Company.

            As at December 31, 2018, the Group has made arrangements with a bank to provide two separate performance
            bonds to the counterparties amounting to approximately HK$42 million, of which approximately HK$12 million was
            secured by bank deposits. The performance bonds are to guarantee in favour of the counterparties the Group’s
            performance in fulfilling the obligations under a contract and the capital and programming expenditure requirement
            for providing the domestic free television programme service under the domestic free television programme service
            licence.

     (F) HUMAN RESOURCES
            The Group had 1,700 employees as at December 31, 2018 (2017: 1,876). Total gross salaries and related costs
            before capitalisation and incurred for the year ended December 31, 2018 amounted to approximately HK$603
            million (2017: HK$651 million). The remuneration of the Directors and the employees of the Group are determined
            with reference to their qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Group, as well as the Group’s
            performance and the prevailing market conditions. Besides, the Group regularly provides training courses for the
            employees of the Group to meet their needs. Under the share option scheme of the Company adopted on May 24,
            2018, share options of the Company may be granted to the Directors and eligible employees of the Group to
            subscribe for Shares.

     (G) OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
            The Group’s financial performance in 2018 was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenue. The
            decline of the advertising revenue was mainly due to the competition from free television, digital and OTT platforms.
            On the subscription business front, the customer base contracted as compared to 2017.




26   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(H) CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
      As at December 31, 2018, security deposits of approximately HK$18 million (2017: HK$17 million) were made by
      the Group to secure certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

(I)   MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
      There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiary, associated company and joint ventures or significant
      investments of the Group, which would have been required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, for the year
      ended December 31, 2018.

(J) FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
      The Group will continue to invest in property, plant and equipment and programming library as required by its
      business operations, and explore the market and identify any business opportunities which may provide its growth
      and development potential, enhance the profitability, and strive for better return to the shareholders of the Company
      (the “Shareholders”).

      The Group’s ongoing capital expenditure will be funded by internal cash flows generated from operations, the
      available credit facilities, the proceeds from the Open Offer and the proposed rights issue (the “Rights Issue”) and
      unlisted long-term convertible securities (the “LCS”) as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated
      January 25, 2019.

(K) OUTLOOK
      The television segment of the Group is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super
      dominant operator and changing user behaviour. The proliferation and abundance of a wide range of online
      contents available on new media platforms and various mobile devices, allowing users to select and view anytime
      and anywhere, also present competition with the Group’s subscription contents. At the same time, the increasingly
      keen competition for contents has raised acquisition costs, and the entire internet and multimedia segment has to
      cope with fast technology changes and customers demand for better quality and higher-speed internet service.

      Since Forever Top (Asia) Limited became the controlling shareholder (“Forever Top” or the “Controlling Shareholder”)
      in 2017 as a result of being the underwriter of the Open Offer of the Company, the Company has been focusing on
      formulating an organisational restructuring which included, among other things, (i) cost saving initiative; (ii)
      introduction of new contents and channels; (iii) new television content co-operation models; and (iv) strategic review
      on possible restructuring of the Group’s business portfolio to achieve cost saving and improve profitability, as well
      as the financial performance of the Group. As part of a strategic review, the Group is evaluating forming partnership
      or disposing its loss making operations to reduce the cash drain on the business. Although early discussions are
      being held, there is no certainty that these may lead to any satisfactory conclusion for any transactions.

      In addition, free TV launched its integrated Cantonese channel under the domestic free television programme
      service licence in May 2017. The Group has expanded its operation to include an English news desk and Putonghua
      finance desk, to support the newly established Hong Kong International Business Channel, a 24-hour English free
      television channel in Hong Kong, which was officially launched on July 30, 2018 on Channel 76 and focuses on
      providing financial news and information with programmes in both English and Putonghua. The Directors expect the
      above measures could enhance the overall competitiveness of the Group.

      The Group will continue to exercise prudence to invest in programming library, contents enrichment, HD and/or OTT
      upgrades, customer service improvement, higher speed broadband service upgrades, as well as marketing and
      media initiatives to sharpen the competitiveness of the Group.


                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (L) EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            Save as disclosed below, the Group does not have any important events affecting the Group’s financial performance
            and/or financial position significantly that have occurred since the end of the financial year December 31, 2018.

            On January 25, 2019, Forever Top as lender and the Company as borrower entered into the loan agreement (the
            “Loan Agreement”) pursuant to which the Controlling Shareholder agreed to grant the loan facility (the “Loan
            Facility”) of an amount up to HK$200 million made available to the Company at the interest rate of the Hong Kong
            Interbank Offered Rate for interest period of three months per annum, unsecured and repayable at the earlier of (a)
            18-months from the date of the Loan Agreement; and (b) five business days following completion of last fund raising
            activity of the Company (including issuance of equity or debt or convertible securities) from the date of the Loan
            Agreement with an aggregate amount of gross proceeds received by the Company from all fund raising activities
            completed after the date of the Loan Agreement being not less than HK$600 million. The Loan Facility will be used
            by the Company for its general working capital requirements.

            In addition to the above Loan Facility granted to the Company, on January 25, 2019 the Company announced a
            revised fund raising proposal, comprising the rights issue (the “Rights Issue”) and the subscription (the
            “Subscription”) of LCS as detailed in the announcement of the Company dated January 25, 2019. According to the
            revised fund raising proposal, the Company will raise a maximum gross proceeds of approximately HK$660 million,
            as this is the amount the Board considers necessary to achieve financial stability, maintain customer confidence and
            fulfil the Group’s licensing requirements. Moreover, while the Loan Facility has been granted to the Group, it is only
            for general working capital requirements and on a short-term basis, and the Board is of the view that the Rights
            Issue and the Subscription are necessary to recapitalise the business to allow sufficient time for the restructuring
            initiatives to be implemented.

     (M) COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
            During the year ended December 31, 2018, there was no incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and
            regulations of the place in which the Group operates that has a significant impact on the business operations of the
            Group.




28   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(A) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
   The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices, and procedures and
   to complying with the statutory and regulatory requirements with an aim to maximising the Shareholders’ values and
   interests as well as to enhancing the stakeholders’ transparency and accountability. During the financial year ended
   December 31, 2018, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance
   Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, with the exception of the deviation as set out
   under section (C) below.

(B) MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
   The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
   Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. The Company, having made specific enquiries of all the
   Directors, was not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
   financial year ended December 31, 2018.

   The Company has also applied the principles of the Model Code for securities transactions by the employees of the
   Group.

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS
   The Board is responsible for the leadership and management of the Group as well as promoting the success of the
   Group with the objective of acting for the best of the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole by
   directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. The key responsibilities of the Board
   include formulation of the overall strategies of the Group, monitoring the performance of the management, and
   ensuring the duties delegated to respective board committees of the Company are effectively performed.

   I.   Composition of the Board
        As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises ten Directors, of whom one is executive Director, five
        are non-executive Directors and four are independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board
        is set out below:

        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry (Vice-chairman)
        Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard

        Executive Director
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU

        Independent Non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            I.       Composition of the Board (Continued)
                     Biographical information of the Directors and the relationship among the members of the Board are set out in
                     the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 63 to 69 of this
                     annual report. Each Director has been appointed on the strength of his calibre, experience and stature, and
                     his potential to contribute to the proper guidance of the Group and its businesses.

                     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of his
                     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the Company considers that all the independent
                     non-executive Directors are independent.

            II.      Operation of the Board
                     The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes decisions objectively in the interests of the
                     Company. The management of the Group (the “Senior Management”) has closely monitored changes to
                     regulations that affect its corporate affairs and businesses, and changes to accounting standards, and
                     adopted appropriate reporting format in its interim report, annual report and other related documents to
                     present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
                     prospects. Where these changes are pertinent to the Company or Directors’ disclosure obligations, the
                     Directors are either briefed during Board meetings or issued with regular updates and materials to keep them
                     abreast of their responsibilities and of the conduct, business activities and development of the Group. The
                     Company has also provided accurate, clear, complete and reliable information in a timely manner to the
                     Directors to enable them to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities as
                     the Directors.

                     There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Board and the Senior Management. Decisions on
                     important matters are specifically reserved to the Board while decisions on the Group’s general operations are
                     delegated to the Senior Management. Important matters include those affecting the Group’s strategic policies,
                     major investment and funding decisions and major commitments relating to the Group’s operations.

                     If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has
                     determined to be material, the matter should be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written
                     resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates (as defined under the
                     Listing Rules), have no material interest in the transaction should be present at that Board meeting.




30   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance
       The Board has a balance of skills and experience and a balanced composition of executive and non-executive
       Directors with diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business. Six Board
       meetings of the Company were held during the financial year ended December 31, 2018. Notice of not less than
       14 days was given to all the Directors for the regular Board meetings and the Directors were given an opportunity
       to include matters in the agenda for the regular Board meetings. The composition of the Board and attendance
       records of the Directors are set out below:

                                                                                              Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                                                            Annual
        Directors                                                                            Board Meetings                        General Meeting


        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                                  5/6                                   1/1
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                                                                                 5/6                                   0/1
        Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian                                                                                5/6                                   0/1
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                                 5/6                                   1/1
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                                    6/6                                   1/1

        Executive Directors
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                                                   6/6                                   1/1
        Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William (Note)                                                                           –/–                                   –/–

        Independent non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                                 6/6                                   1/1
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                                   5/6                                   1/1
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                   6/6                                   0/1
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                                5/6                                   1/1

       Note:

       Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William resigned as an executive Director and the Chief Strategy and Administration Officer with effect from March 1, 2018.




                                                                       A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance (Continued)
                     The external auditor attended the annual general meeting of the Company on May 24, 2018 to answer
                     questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s report, the
                     accounting policies and auditor independence and the Chairman also held a meeting with the independent
                     non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the year.

                     The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance with the
                     Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”) and the Listing Rules. The non-executive Directors are
                     subject to the aforesaid retirement requirements and are appointed for a specific term, subject to re-election.
                     The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company. Any
                     Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of the
                     Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

                     Each of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, Mr. Tsang On
                     Yip, Patrick and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard, who were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect from
                     September 15, 2017, Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu who was appointed as an executive Director with effect from
                     September 15, 2017 and Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey who was appointed as an independent non-executive
                     Director with effect from September 15, 2017, signed an appointment letter with the Company for an initial
                     term of three years and renewable automatically for successive terms of three years upon expiry of the then
                     current term of the appointment, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of his appointment letter.
                     They are also subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles and the Listing
                     Rules.

                     Code Provision A.6.7 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that independent non-executive directors
                     and other non-executive directors, as equal board members, should give the board and any committees on
                     which they serve the benefit of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications through regular
                     attendance and active participation. Generally, they should also attend general meetings to gain and develop
                     a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.

                     Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, the vice-chairman of the Board and a non-executive Director, Dr. Cheng Chi-
                     Kong, Adrian, a non-executive Director and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger, an independent non-executive
                     Director, chairman of the Audit Committee, and a committee member of both the Nomination Committee and
                     the Compensation Committee, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on
                     May 24, 2018 as they had other engagements at the time of such meeting.




32   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   IV. Director’s Induction and Continuous Professional Development
       Newly appointed Directors are provided with induction training. Each of them shall receive the information on
       the duties and responsibilities of directors under statutory regulations and the Listing Rules, and other
       information on corporate governance matters. The newly appointed Directors shall meet the fellow Directors
       and the Senior Management to ensure they have an understanding on the Group’s operations and business.
       They shall also receive materials relating to on the operations and business of the Group.

       The Company has arranged for Directors to attend training sessions and forums which place emphasis on the
       roles, functions and duties of a listed company director, as well as the development of regulatory updates and
       issues. The Company also provided the Directors the latest development of the Listing Rules, and the relevant
       laws, rules and regulations relating to the Director’s duties and responsibilities. All Directors have provided
       their training records to the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 and the training records
       are maintained by the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”).

       According to the records of training maintained by the Company, all the current Directors have, during the
       financial year under review, pursued continuous professional development and relevant details are set out
       below:

                                                                                  Type of continuous professional
                                                                                           development
                                                                           Reading journals,                     Attending seminars
                                                                         updates and articles                    and/or conferences
        Directors                                                       and/or materials, etc.                        and/or forums


        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                        √                                     –
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                                                                       √                                     –
        Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian                                                                      √                                     –
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                       √                                     –
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                          √                                     √

        Executive Director
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                                         √                                      –

        Independent non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                       √                                     √
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                         √                                     –
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                         √                                     √
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                      √                                     √




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (D) CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
            Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was appointed as the Chairman with effect from September 15, 2017 and the Company
            does not have any chief executive officer since then. The Board believes that the balance of power and authority is
            adequately ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals.

     (E) APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
            Under the Articles and the Listing Rules, all Directors are subject to retirement at an annual general meeting of the
            Company at least once every three years and are subject to re-election. The Board may from time to time appoint a
            Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any such new Director shall hold office until
            the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at the same general
            meeting.

            The re-election of each of the independent non-executive Directors who has served on the Board for more than nine
            years is subject to (i) a separate resolution to be approved by Shareholders at the relevant annual general meeting
            of the Company; and (ii) further information being given to the Shareholders together with the notice of meeting
            regarding the reasons why the Board believes the relevant Director is still independent and should be re-elected.

            Appropriate liability insurance for the Directors has been arranged for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of
            corporate activities.




34   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES
   (I)   Audit Committee
         The Company has set up an audit committee (the “AC”) with majority of the members being independent non-
         executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the AC comprises Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an
         independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the AC), Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (a non-executive
         Director) and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman (an independent non-executive Director).

         No member of the AC is a former partner of the existing audit firm of the Company during the period of two
         years after he ceases to be a partner of the audit firm. All AC members have sufficient experience in reviewing
         audited financial statements as aided by the auditor of the Group whenever required. In addition, at least one
         of the member of the AC has the appropriate professional qualifications or experience in financial matters as
         required under the Listing Rules.

         Two AC meetings were held during the financial year ended December 31, 2018. Attendance records of the
         AC members are set out below:

                                                                                                                               Attendance/
                                                                                                                                Number of
           Committee Members                                                                                                      Meetings


           Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                                                                                                2/2
           Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                                                            2/2
           Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                                                        2/2


         (i)   The terms of reference of the AC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
               Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code and the recommendations set out in
               “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
               Accountants. Given below are the main duties of the AC:

               (A)   Relationship with the Company’s external auditor
                     (a)   to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
                           reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and
                           terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of their resignation or
                           dismissal;

                     (b)   to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the
                           effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The AC should
                           discuss with the auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
                           the audit commences; and

                     (c)   to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
                           services. For this purpose, “external auditor” includes any entity that is under common
                           control, ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a reasonable and
                           informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part
                           of the audit firm nationally or internationally. The AC should report to the Board, identifying
                           and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (I)      Audit Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      (Continued)
                              (B) Review of financial information of the Company
                                    (a)   to monitor integrity of financial statements of the Company and the Company’s annual
                                          report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and
                                          to review significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. In reviewing these
                                          reports before submission to the Board, the AC should focus particularly on:

                                               (i)      any changes in accounting policies and practices;

                                               (ii)     major judgmental areas;

                                               (iii)    significant adjustments resulting from audit;

                                               (iv)     the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

                                               (v)      compliance with accounting standards; and

                                               (vi)     compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial
                                                        reporting.

                                       (b)     regarding (B)(a) above:

                                               (i)      the AC should liaise with the Board and Senior Management and must meet, at least
                                                        twice a year, with the Company’s external auditor; and

                                               (ii)     the AC should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                                                        reflected in the report and accounts, it should give due consideration to any matters
                                                        that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and
                                                        financial reporting function, or for compliance function or auditors.

                              (C)      Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                                       control systems
                                       (a)  to review the Company’s risk management and internal control systems covering all
                                            controls; including financial, operational and compliance controls;

                                       (b)     to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure
                                               that management has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should
                                               include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
                                               and budgets of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

                                       (c)     to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as
                                               delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these
                                               findings and review the statements concerning risk management and internal control
                                               systems to be included in the annual report;




36   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (i)   (Continued)
               (C) Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                     control systems (Continued)
                     (d) to ensure co-ordination between the internal audit function and external auditor, to review
                           and approve the annual internal audit plan, to ensure that the internal audit function is
                           adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company for it to carry out
                           an analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s
                           financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems, and to review and
                           monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function;

                     (e)   to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

                     (f)   to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor
                           to management about accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
                           management’s response;

                     (g)   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external
                           auditor’s management letter;

                     (h)   to report to the Board on the matters in the code provisions as set out in the Listing Rules;

                     (i)   to establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by
                           the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; and (ii)
                           the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns
                           regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;

                     (j)   to review arrangements employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise
                           concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters.
                           The AC should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                           investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

                     (k)   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relations with the
                           external auditor; and

                     (l)   to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

               (D)   Review and reassessment of these terms of reference
                     At least annually, the AC shall review and reassess the adequacy of these terms of reference and
                     recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (I)      Audit Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      (Continued)
                              (E) Oversight of the Company’s Corporate Governance Matters
                                    (a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
                                          make recommendations to the Board;

                                       (b)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors
                                               and Senior Management;

                                       (c)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
                                               regulatory requirements;

                                       (d)     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
                                               applicable to employees and the Directors;

                                       (e)     to review the Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate
                                               Governance Report as set out in the annual report of the Company; and

                                       (f)     to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

                     (ii)     The Group has adopted and established a Whistleblowing Policy & Procedures. The Company’s AC has
                              the delegated authority and responsibility, for employees and those who deal with the Group (e.g.
                              customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence, with the Head of Human Resources
                              Department, and any and all relevant complaints received may then be referred to the AC about possible
                              improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

                     (iii)    The work performed by the AC for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 is summarised below:

                              (a)      review of the annual audit plan of the external auditor before the audit commences, and discussion
                                       with them about the nature and scope of the audit;

                              (b)      approval of the remuneration and the appointment and the terms of engagement of the external
                                       auditor;

                              (c)      review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of audit
                                       process in accordance with applicable standards;

                              (d)      review of the half-year and annual consolidated financial statements of the Group before
                                       submission to the Board, with particular consideration of the points mentioned in paragraph (i)(B)
                                       above regarding the duties of the AC;

                              (e)      review of the internal audit report and annual audit plan of the internal audit function carried out by
                                       an independent professionals;




38   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (iii)   (Continued)
                 (f)   review of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and the statements
                       concerning risk management and internal control systems to be included in the annual report;

                 (g)   meeting with the external auditor without executive Directors present;

                 (h)   review of the corporate governance matters of the Group;

                 (i)   review of the terms of reference of the AC; and

                 (j)   review of and monitoring of the Group’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

   (II) Compensation Committee
         The Company has set up a Compensation Committee (the “CC”) consisting of five members of which three of
         them are the independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the CC comprises Mr.
         Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an independent non-executive Director and the Chairman of the CC), Tan Sri Dato’
         David Chiu (a non-executive Director), Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (a non-executive Director), Dr. Hu Shao Ming
         Herman (an independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-
         executive Director).

         One CC meeting was held during the financial year ended December 31, 2018. Attendance records of the CC
         members are set out below:

                                                                                                                                 Attendance/
                                                                                                                                  Number of
            Committee Members                                                                                                        Meeting


            Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman)                                                                                               1/1
            Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                                                           1/1
            Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                                                          1/1
            Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                                                            1/1
            Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                                            1/1




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      The terms of reference of the CC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                              Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of
                              the CC:

                              (a)      to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remuneration
                                       of all Directors and Senior Management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
                                       procedure for developing remuneration policy;

                              (b)      to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals by reference to the Board’s
                                       corporate goals and objectives;

                              (c)      either:

                                       (i)     to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
                                               executive Directors and Senior Management; or

                                       (ii)    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
                                               executive Directors and Senior Management.

                                       This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
                                       compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

                              (d)      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

                              (e)      to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
                                       employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

                              (f)      to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and Senior Management for
                                       any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual
                                       terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

                              (g)      to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors
                                       for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
                                       reasonable and appropriate;

                              (h)      to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration;

                              (i)      to advise the Shareholders on how to vote with respect to any service contracts of Directors that
                                       require the Shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules;

                              (j)      to decide with respect to the Employee Share Option Scheme (if any):

                                       (i)     the Employees to whom Options shall be granted;

                                       (ii)    the number of Shares subject to each Option;

                                       (iii)   the date on which Options shall be granted; and

                                       (iv)    the subscription price; and

                              (k)      to review any compensation related or other issues as requested by the Board.


40   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
       (ii)   The work performed by the CC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
              year ended December 31, 2018 is summarised below:

              (a)   review of the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and the Senior
                    Management;

              (b)   assessing performance of executive Directors and the consideration and approval of the
                    emoluments for all Directors and the Senior Management; and

              (c)   review of the terms of reference of CC.

       The basis of determining the emoluments payable to its Directors and the Senior Management is with
       reference to the qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Company, as well as the
       Group’s performance and the prevailing market conditions.

   (III) Nomination Committee
       The Company has set up a Nomination Committee (the “NC”) with the majority of its members being the
       independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the NC comprises Tan Sri Dato’
       David Chiu (a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the NC), Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an independent
       non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-executive Director).

       At present, more than one-third of the Directors on the Board are the independent non-executive Directors.
       They represent diverse career experience in both international and local enterprises. They bring with them
       diverse professional backgrounds, spanning property development and investment, banking, legal, valuation
       and advisory, hospitality and entrepreneurship. They also hold or have held important public service positions
       in Hong Kong and China, covering business, industry and commerce, sports, education, regulatory and
       politics.

       The Board composition reflects various cultural and educational backgrounds, professional development,
       length of service, knowledge of the Company and a broad range of individual attributes, interests and values.
       The NC considers the current Board composition has provided the Company with a good balance and
       diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of its business. The NC will continue to
       review its composition from time to time taking into consideration specific needs for the Group’s business.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                     Board Diversity Policy
                     The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”). Under the Board Diversity
                     Policy, the Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board with a vision for the
                     Company to achieve a sustainable and balanced development.

                     The Board Diversity Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board and the Nomination
                     Committee of the Company has developed the measurable objectives to implement this Policy, taking into
                     account the factors based on the business model of the Company and specific needs from time to time. In
                     achieving the board diversity, a number of factors, including but not limited to, educational background,
                     gender, ethnicity, age, skills, knowledge, experience and length of service, are considered. All the Board
                     appointments are made on merits while having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

                     The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its effectiveness, and
                     recommend any appropriate revisions.

                     (i)      The terms of reference of the NC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                              Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of
                              the NC:

                              (a)      to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
                                       the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
                                       to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

                              (b)      to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make
                                       recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

                              (c)      to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

                              (d)      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
                                       succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the chief executive.




42   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
       Board Diversity Policy (Continued)
       (ii) The work performed by the NC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
            year ended December 31, 2018 is summarised below:

            (a)   review of the Board Diversity Policy;

            (b)   review of the terms of reference of NC;

            (c)   review of the structure, size and composition of the Board taking into account the Board Diversity
                  Policy and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board;

            (d)   assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

            (e)   make recommendations to the Board for the proposed appointment and re-appointment of
                  Directors.

       One NC meeting was held during the financial year ended December 31, 2018. Attendance records of the NC
       members are set out below:

                                                                                                                               Attendance/
                                                                                                                                Number of
        Committee Members                                                                                                          Meeting


        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                                                             1/1
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                                                            1/1
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                                              1/1


   (IV) Corporate Governance Functions
       While the Board is and remains to be principally responsible for the corporate governance functions of the
       Company, it has delegated the relevant duties to the AC to ensure the proper performance of corporate
       governance functions of the Company. In this connection, the terms of reference of the AC include various
       duties relating to corporate governance matters which are set out in paragraph “(E) Oversight of the
       Company’s Corporate Governance Matters” on page 38 under sub-section “(I) Audit Committee” of section
       “(F) BOARD COMMITTEES” above.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (G) AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
            The fees in relation to the audit services for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 provided by
            PricewaterhouseCoopers, the external auditor of the Company, amounted to approximately HK$2,280,000 and the
            remuneration in relation to non-audit services paid or payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG (former
            auditor of the Company) amounted to approximately HK$486,000 and HK$426,000 respectively.

     (H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
            (I)      Risk Governance
                     The risk management and internal control systems (“RM&IC Systems”) of the Group comprises a well-defined
                     governance structure, with areas of responsibility and limits of authority of each business and operational unit
                     clearly delineated to ensure effective checks and balances. Internal control policies, procedures and guidelines
                     have been compiled to safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition, to maintain of proper
                     records, to assure of the reliability of financial information for internal use or publication and to comply with
                     relevant legislation and regulations.

                     The Board acknowledges its ultimate responsibility to oversee internal control systems, to evaluate and
                     determine the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives and for
                     maintaining the RM&IC Systems as well as to monitor their effectiveness. The management is tasked with the
                     design, implementation and monitoring of the systems. The AC has been delegated by the Board to oversee
                     the systems and is supported by independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, which
                     provides assessment on risk and internal control oversight.

                     The internal audit function monitors compliance with policies and standards and carries out an analysis and
                     independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems across the Group. Findings
                     regarding risk management and internal control matters are reported to the AC, in line with the annual audit
                     plan reviewed by the AC, and communicated to the business or corporate units concerned.

                     Notwithstanding the above, the RM&IC Systems are designed to manage the risk rather than eliminate the risk
                     of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
                     material misstatement or loss.




44   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (Continued)
   (II) Risk Management Processes and Practices
       The management maintains a risk register to identify major risks, which are then categorised into business
       risks, financial risks, compliance risks, operational risks and other risks. The risks identified are evaluated in
       terms of individual likelihood of occurrence, severity of consequence, priority and the existence of early
       warning signal. Based on the results of the assessment, the management will determine the appropriate risk
       response: acceptance, transfer, elimination, reduction or sharing, and formulate corresponding control
       activities and mitigation measures. The risk profile will be reviewed and the risk register will be updated on an
       ongoing basis to incorporate any change in the nature and extent of significant risks. Internal control
       deficiencies, if any, are communicated to the responsible parties for taking corrective action.

       The AC, through independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, conducts annual review of
       the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems and procedures, on a rotation of different cycles basis, covering all
       controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, by way of the above risk identification and
       assessment exercise. Confirmation from the management, in the form of certification that the risk
       management and internal control procedures are functioning effectively to meet the respective financial
       reporting, operational and compliance needs, is obtained from business and corporate unit heads.

       To ensure timely, fair, accurate and complete disclosure of inside information and compliance with the
       applicable laws and regulations, the Group has in place, as an internal control element, a disclosure policy of
       price sensitive information providing guidance on reporting and dissemination of inside information and
       preservation of confidentiality. Under the policy, Directors or heads of business units shall report to the
       Chairman/the Chief Operating Officer/the Chief Financial Officer for any potential/suspected inside information
       event as soon as practicable when it materialises for determining the nature of developments, and if required,
       making disclosure. All staff are also required to observe the code of ethical standards to keep non-public
       information confidential.

   (III) Periodical Reviews
       During the year ended December 31, 2018, the AC through the independent professionals to perform the
       internal audit function, had conducted review of the RM&IC Systems on behalf of the Board, including the
       adequacy of, inter alia, resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
       Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. Written management confirmation on
       the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems has been received.

       The results of the review were reported by the AC to the Board, based on which the Directors concluded that,
       for the financial year ended December 31, 2018, the RM&IC Systems and procedures of the Group were
       effective and adequate. The Group has complied with the provisions in the CG Code regarding the risk
       management and internal control systems.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (I)    DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group
            for the financial year ended December 31, 2018, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
            as a whole as at the end of the financial year and of the Group’s financial performance and cash flows for the year
            then ended and in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
            Hong Kong) (the “CO”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules.

            The reporting responsibilities of the auditor of the Company in the Independent Auditor’s Report are set out on
            pages 70 to 76 of this annual report.

     (J) COMPANY SECRETARY
            The Company Secretary, Mr. Kwok Chi Kin, is an employee of the Group and has day-to-day knowledge of the
            Company’s affairs. He reports to the Chairman and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance
            matters and facilitating induction and professional development of the Directors. He also supports the Board by
            ensuring good information flow and that the policies and procedures adopted by the Board are followed. During the
            financial year ended December 31, 2018, he had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. The
            biographical details of Mr. Kwok are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
            Management” section of this annual report.

     (K) COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
            A Shareholders Communication Policy has been adopted by the Company to ensure that the Shareholders are
            provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company
            (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile),
            in order to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the Shareholders
            and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

            The Group uses several formal channels to ensure fair disclosure and comprehensive and transparent reporting of its
            performance and activities. Annual and interim reports are published/printed and printed copies of such reports or
            notifications of publication thereof on the Company’s website are sent to all Shareholders. Such reports and press
            releases are posted and are available for download at the Company’s corporate website www.i-cablecomm.com. In
            addition, the Company makes full use of the internet to make information broadly available to the Shareholders. The
            Company’s website provides the relevant contact information by which enquiries may be put to the Board. Constantly
            being updated in a timely manner, the website also contains a wide range of additional information on the Group’s
            business activities.

            The Company encourages its Shareholders to attend the annual general meetings of the Company to ensure a high
            level of accountability and to stay informed of the Group’s strategy and goals. The Directors and the external auditor
            are also available to answer the Shareholders’ questions at the meetings.




46   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(L) SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
   (I)   Convene a General Meeting
         Pursuant to Section 566 of the CO, on written requisition by the Shareholders representing at least 5% of the
         total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings, the Directors must convene a
         general meeting.

   (II) Send Enquiries to the Board
         The Company’s corporate website (www.i-cablecomm.com) provides the relevant contact information (for
         enquiry purpose only) by which Shareholders may at any time address their enquiries to the Board.

   (III) Make Proposals at General Meetings
         (i)    The procedures for proposing candidate(s) for election as Director(s) at a Shareholders’ meeting are set
                out in the Corporate Information section of the Company’s corporate website.

         (ii)   The procedures for proposing resolution(s) to be moved at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) are
                as follows:

                Pursuant to Section 615 of the CO, the Shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition to move a
                resolution at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) if they represent:

                •     at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote at the annual
                      general meeting to which the requests relate; or

                •     at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to
                      which the requests relate.

                The relevant written requisition must:

                (a)   identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;

                (b)   be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

                (c)   be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the relevant annual general meeting to
                      which the requests relate; or if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.

   Any written requisitions from the Shareholders to the Company pursuant to Sections 566 and 615 of the CO must
   be deposited at the Company’s registered office.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (M) DIVIDEND POLICY
            The Board has adopted a Dividend Policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Board may from
            time to time pay to the Shareholders annual dividends, if any, on the outstanding ordinary Shares declared by and
            subject to the discretion of the Board and must be approved at a general meeting of the Shareholders. In addition,
            the Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to the Board to be
            justified, both annual dividends and interim dividends shall not exceed the amount recommended by the Board, in
            accordance with the provision of the Articles and the Companies Ordinance.

            The Board may only consider to make a distribution if the amount of the Company’s net assets is not less than the
            aggregate of the Company’s called up share capital and undistributable reserves; and to the extent that, the
            distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to an amount less than the aggregate of the Company’s
            called up share capital and undistributable reserves.

            The Board shall consider, including but not limited to, the following factors before the declaration and payment of
            dividends:

            (a)      the Group’s results of operations;

            (b)      the earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

            (c)      the Group’s actual and expected financial performance and conditions and liquidity position;

            (d)      the Shareholder’s interests;

            (e)      any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

            (f)      the Group’s expected working capital requirements, surplus and future expansion plans;

            (g)      contractual, statutory and regulatory restrictions;

            (h)      general economic conditions and other internal or external factors that may have any impact on the business
                     or financial performance and position of the Company; and

            (i)      any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

            The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the Shareholders’ expectations and prudent capital
            management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Board will continue to review the Dividend Policy and reserve
            the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy from time to time.

     (N) AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
            There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the financial year. The consolidated
            version of the Articles is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




48   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors have pleasure in presenting their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2018.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries and consolidated
structured entities are set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year is provided in the “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 3 to 5 of this
annual report, “Business Review” on pages 6 to 8 of this annual report and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on
pages 23 to 28 of this annual report. The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are contained in “Business
Review” on page 8 of this annual report and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. The future development of
the business of the Group is provided in the “Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets” and “Outlook”
sections of Management Discussion and Analysis on page 27 of this annual report.

In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations and an account of the Group’s key relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers are contained
under the section “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 10 to 22 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on pages 77 to 78 of this annual report.

DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 (for the
financial year ended December 31, 2017: HK$Nil).

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the financial year ended December 31, 2018:

The aggregate amount of revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers represented less than 30% of the
Group’s total revenue.

The percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 14% and 44% respectively of the Group’s total purchases for the year.

None of the Directors or their close associates holds, nor does any Shareholder owning (to the knowledge of the
Directors) more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company hold, any interests in any of the Group’s five
largest suppliers or customers.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   49
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 136 of this
     annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 14 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     BANK LOAN AND OTHER BORROWING
     Details of the bank loan and other borrowing of the Group as at December 31, 2018 are set out in Note 23 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the shares of the Company issued and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are
     set out in Note 24(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at December 31, 2018, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
     Shareholders, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the CO, was HK$Nil (2017: HK$Nil).




50   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Non-executive Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry
Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian
Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard

Executive Directors
Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William (resigned with effect from March 1, 2018)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman

In accordance with article 106(A) of the Articles, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard, Mr. Luk Koon Hoo,
Roger and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman will retire from the Board by rotation and being eligible offer himself for re-
election at the forthcoming AGM. None of the retiring Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management” on pages 63 to 69 of this annual report.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   51
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     The names of all persons who, during the financial year and up to the date of this report, serve as directors of the
     companies included as subsidiaries of the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2018 are set out below:

     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Ms. CHAN Doi Lei Dorothy
     Mr. CHAN King Chuen Lourice
     Mr. CHAN Wai Man
     Mr. CHENG Sai Ho
     Mr. CHIU Ying Chun Ronald
     Mr. FUNG Tak Hung William
     Mr. KWAN Jut Ho William
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin
     Ms. LAI Mei Kit
     Ms. LEUNG Shuk Yee Irene
     Ms. NG Ching Man, Carman
     Mr. SHUEN Wai Hung
     Ms. SUEN Chung Yan Julia
     Mr. TSANG Chin Cheung Samuel
     Mr. WONG Hei Pui
     Ms. WONG Pui Chee Gigi
     Ms. YUNG Pik Yan

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Company received from each of Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey, Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman, Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger
     and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman a confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the
     Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the following Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for an initial term of three years
     commencing from the appointment date with more than 12 months to run irrespective of the notice period. The details of
     the Directors’ appointment letters are set out below:

      Name of Directors                                Term of the appointment                       Remuneration per annum


      Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                         For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                                         from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                                         automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                         years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                                         of the appointment

      Dr. CHENG Kar Shun, Henry                        For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                                         from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                                         automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                         years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                                         of the appointment



52   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS (Continued)
 Name of Directors                Term of the appointment                               Remuneration per annum


 Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian       For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                    from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                    automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                    years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                    of the appointment

 Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU          For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                    from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                    automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                    years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                    of the appointment

 Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick        For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                    from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                    automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                    years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                    of the appointment

 Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard           For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                    from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                    automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                    years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                    of the appointment

 Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey        For an initial term of three years commencing A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                    from September 15, 2017 and renewable         and such other benefits as may be
                                    automatically for successive terms of three   determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                    years upon expiry of the then current term    the Board from time to time
                                    of the appointment

Save as disclosed above, as at this report, none of the Directors had service contract with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or associated companies (i) which (including both continuous and fixed term contract) had been entered into
or amended within six months before the date of this report; (ii) which were continuous contracts with a notice period of
12 months or more; (iii) which were fixed term contracts with more than 12 months to run irrespective of the notice period;
or (iv) which were not expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other
than statutory compensation).




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   53
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     Save as disclosed below, as at December 31, 2018, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
     Kong (the “SFO”)), which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions
     of Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have
     under such provisions of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
     register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     adopted by the Company, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

     Long position in underlying Shares — share options
     Share options granted to the Directors

                                                                                           Number of Shares issuable under the share options granted
                                                                               Balance                                                                    Balance
                                                                                  as at          Granted     Exercised         Lapsed       Cancelled        as at        Exercise
                                                         Exercisable         January 1,            during       during          during         during December 31,            price
       Name                          Date of grant       period                   2018           the year     the year        the year       the year        2018        per Share
                                                                                                 (Note 2),
                                                                                                  (Note 3)                                                                    HK$


       Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU      June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      62,000,000              –               –                 –    62,000,000       0.210


       Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry     June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      62,000,000              –               –                 –    62,000,000       0.210


       Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian    June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      20,000,000              –               –                 –    20,000,000       0.210


       Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick     June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      26,250,000              –               –                 –    26,250,000       0.210


       Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard        June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      26,250,000              –               –                 –    26,250,000       0.210


       Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU       June 15, 2018       (Note 1)                     –      35,500,000              –               –                 –    35,500,000       0.210


                                                                                      –    232,000,000               –               –                 –   232,000,000


     Notes:


     (1)      50% of the share options are exercisable from June 15, 2018 to June 14, 2028 (both dates inclusive); and 50% of the share options are exercisable
              from June 15, 2019 to June 14, 2028 (both dates inclusive).


     (2)      The closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet issued by the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the share
              options were granted was HK$0.155.


     (3)      The cash consideration paid by each of the Directors for the a acceptance of share options was HK$1.00.




54    i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
Save as disclosed below, as at December 31, 2018, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executives of the
Company, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                             Number of Shares
                                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                               Interest of                                             percentage of
                                      Beneficial                             Spouse          a controlled               Other                          the number of
 Name of shareholder                     owner        Underwriter            interest        corporation              interest               Total     issued Shares


 Forever Top (Asia) Limited       5,364,724,960     3,663,257,676                   –                   –                    –     9,027,982,636              145.47%
                                        (Note 1)          (Note 2)
 HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited                   –                 –                  –                   –       618,953,533          618,953,533                 9.97%
                                                                                                                    (Note 3)
 Ng Hung Sang                       106,504,000                  —       54,870,000          212,942,000                   –         374,316,000                 6.03%
                                                                            (Note 4)             (Note 5)
 Ng Lai King Pamela                  54,870,000                  —      319,446,000                     –                    –       374,316,000                 6.03%
                                                                            (Note 6)

Notes:


1.       These 5,364,724,960 Shares represent 2,682,362,480 Shares owned by Forever Top (Asia) Limited as at December 31, 2018 and 2,682,362,480
         committed Shares that it has irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to the Company pursuant to the proposed rights issue of the Company as
         disclosed in the circular (the “Circular”) of the Company dated December 20, 2018 and the undertaking letter that, among other things, it shall subject
         to the granting of the whitewash waiver by the executive director of the Corporate Finance Division of the Securities and Futures Commission of
         Hong Kong, accept in full pursuant to the undertaking letter. The rights issue however did not proceed.


2.       These 3,663,257,676 Shares represent the number of underwritten Shares committed by Forever Top (Asia) Limited pursuant to the underwriting
         agreement as disclosed in the Circular (assuming full exercise of all outstanding exercisable share options of the Company on or before the record
         date as disclosed in the Circular and the underwritten Shares are not being taken up by the qualifying Shareholders and not being placed by the
         bookrunner under the compensatory arrangements, the non-qualifying Shareholders unsold rights Shares not being placed by the bookrunner and
         unsold fractions of the rights Shares). The rights issue however did not proceed.


3.       HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 618,953,333 Shares by virtue of being the trustee of a discretionary trust.


4.       Ng Hung Sang, the spouse of Ng Lai King Pamela, was deemed to be interested in 54,870,000 Shares which Ng Lai King Pamela is interested in
         under the SFO.


5.       Ng Hung Sang was deemed to be interested in 212,942,000 Shares which his controlled corporations are interested in under the SFO. South China
         Finance and Management Limited directly held 212,942,000 Shares. South China Financial Holdings Limited held 100% control in South China
         Finance and Management Limited. Ng Hung Sang, through his 100% controlled corporations, held 25.66% control in South China Financial Holdings
         Limited.


6.       Ng Lai King Pamela, the spouse of Ng Hung Sang, was deemed to be interested in 319,446,000 Shares which Ng Hung Sang is interested in under
         the SFO.




                                                                                  A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   55
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company previously adopted a share option scheme on November 2, 1999 which expired on November 2, 2009 and
     all outstanding unexercised share options granted thereunder expired on December 31, 2009. The Company adopted a
     new share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) on May 24, 2018 which will be valid and effective for a period of
     ten years from the date of adoption.

     Purpose of the scheme                                                 The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best
                                                                           available personnel, to provide additional incentives to the eligible persons,
                                                                           to recognise and acknowledge the contributions that the eligible persons
                                                                           have made or may make to the Group and to promote the success of the
                                                                           business of the Group.

     Participants of the scheme                                            Any person who is (or will be on the Date of Grant) an employee, a
                                                                           Director, a consultant or an advisor, as may be determined by the
                                                                           Directors from time to time.

     Total number of shares available for issue                            The Company had granted share options to certain eligible participants to
     under the scheme and percentage of issued                             subscribe for a total of 279,200,000 Shares under the Share Option
     shares of the Company as at the date of                               Scheme as at the date of this report.
     this annual report
                                                                           The total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option
                                                                           Scheme is 139,600,000 representing approximately 2.25% of the total
                                                                           number of Shares as at the date of this report.

     Maximum entitlement of each participant                               Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued
     under the scheme                                                      and to be issued upon the exercise of the share options granted to each
                                                                           eligible person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding Options) in
                                                                           any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the share capital of the
                                                                           Company in issue.

     The period within which the shares must be                            The period as notified by the Board upon the grant of share options during
     taken up under an option                                              which it may be exercised, such period not to exceed 10 years from the
                                                                           date of grant of the relevant share option.

     The minimum period for which an option                                Any period as determined by the Board.
     must be held before it can be exercised

     The amount payable on application or                                  The amount payable for the acceptance of a share option shall be the
     acceptance of the option and the period                               sum of HK$1.00 which shall be paid upon acceptance of the offer of such
     within which payments or calls must or may                            share option. This consideration shall not be refundable to the participant
     be made or loans for such purposes must                               and shall not be deemed to be a part payment of the exercise price.
     be paid




56   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

The basis of determining the exercise price                  The exercise price of the share option shall be at a price determined by
                                                             the Board and notified to a participant.

                                                             The exercise price shall not be less than the higher of:

                                                             (A)     the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as stated in
                                                                     the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant of
                                                                     such share option; and

                                                             (B)     the average closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as
                                                                     stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
                                                                     business days immediately preceding the date of grant of such
                                                                     share option.

The remaining life of the scheme                             The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
                                                             years from the date of adoption, i.e. May 24, 2018.

There was no outstanding share option as at January 1, 2018 as the Share Option Scheme was adopted on May 24,
2018. During the period from the date of the adoption of the Share Option Scheme to December 31, 2018, movement of
share options granted by the Company to eligible persons was as follows:

a.       Details of the movement of share options granted to the Directors are disclosed under section headed “Directors’
         Interests in Securities” above.

b.       Details of the movement of share options granted to other eligible persons (other than the Directors) are as follows:

                                                                           Number of Shares issuable under the share options granted
                                                                Balance                                                                    Balance
                                                                   as at       Granted       Exercised          Lapsed       Cancelled        as at             Exercise
                                             Exercisable      January 1,         during         during           during         during December 31,                 price
  Eligible Persons      Date of grant        period                2018        the year       the year         the year       the year        2018             per Share
                                                                               (Note 2),
                                                                                (Note 3)                                                                            HK$


  Employees             June 15, 2018        (Note 1)                 –     40,200,000               –                –                –     40,200,000            0.210

  Other participants    June 15, 2018        (Note 1)                 –      7,000,000               –                –                –      7,000,000            0.210


                                                                      –     47,200,000               –                –                –     47,200,000


Notes:

(1)      50% of the share options are exercisable from June 15, 2018 to June 14, 2028 (both dates inclusive); and 50% of the share options are exercisable
         from June 15, 2019 to June 14, 2028 (both dates inclusive).

(2)      The closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet issued by the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the share
         options were granted was HK$0.155.

(3)      The cash consideration paid by each of the eligible persons for the acceptance of share options was HK$1.00.




                                                                                 A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
     The fair value of the share options granted at the date of grant, June 15, 2018, was estimated at approximately HK$21
     million using the Binomial option pricing model. Value was estimated based on the risk-free rate at 2.25% per annum with
     reference to the market yield rates of the Hong Kong Government Bond (maturing on August 22, 2028) as of the value
     date, a historical volatility of 66.08% calculated based on the historical price with period equals to the life of the share
     options, assuming zero dividend yield based on historical dividend payout records. Share options which are forfeited prior
     to the expiry date will be released directly to the reserve. The Binomial option pricing model requires input of subjective
     assumptions such as the expected stock price volatility. Change in the subjective input may materially affect the fair value
     estimates. With regard to the subjectivity and uncertainty of the values of the options, such values are subject to a number
     of assumptions and the limitation of the Binomial option pricing model.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS
     No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company, or
     any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or any entities connected with a Director had a material
     interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the financial year or at any time during the financial year.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.

     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
     Save as disclosed as below and in the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and the material related party
     transactions disclosed in Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements, there were no other contracts of significance
     between the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling Shareholder or any its subsidiaries subsisting at the
     end of the year or at any time during the financial year.

     Loan Agreement
     On January 25, 2019, Forever Top, as lender and the Company as borrower entered into the Loan Agreement pursuant
     to which Forever Top agreed to grant the Loan Facility of amount up to HK$200 million make available to the Company at
     interest rate of the Hong Kong Interbank offered rate for interest period of three months per annum, unsecured and
     repayable at the earlier of (a) 18-months from the date of the Loan Agreement; and (b) five business days following
     completion of last fund raising activity of the Company (including issuance of equity or debt or convertible securities) from
     the date of the Loan Agreement with an aggregate amount of gross proceeds received by the Company from all fund
     raising activities completed after the date of the Loan Agreement being not less than HK$600 million. The Loan will be
     used by the Company for its general working capital requirements.




58   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER (Continued)
Subscription Agreement
On January 25, 2019, the Company entered into the unlisted long-term convertible securities subscription agreement (the
“LCS Subscription Agreement”) with the Controlling Shareholder, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally
agreed to issue, and the Controlling Shareholder has conditionally agreed to subscribe for the LCS. Under the LCS
Subscription Agreement, the Company procures the Controlling Shareholder to subscribe for the LCS on the date of
completion of the Rights Issue as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated January 25, 2019. The principal
amount for the Subscription will be the difference between HK$660 million and the aggregate gross proceeds raised in
the Rights Issue. The initial conversion price is HK$0.125 per the new Share to be issued upon exercise of the conversion
rights under the LCS. The coupon rate is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The maturity date of the LCS is the end
of tenth year from date of the issue of the LCS. On the maturity date, all of the remaining outstanding LCS will be
redeemed by the issuer at one hundred percent of the outstanding principal amount of the LCS together with any interest
accrued but unpaid thereon. The LCS is convertible into ordinary Shares at any time during the period from the date of
the issue of the LCS up to the close of business on the maturity date, subject to the conversion restrictions.

ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the financial year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary of
such holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means
of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, with the exception that during the
year, there existed certain outstanding options to subscribe for ordinary Shares, granted under Share Option Scheme to
certain Directors during the financial year. Details of the Share Option granted to the Directors were disclosed under the
section headed “Directors’ Interests in Securities” of this report. During the period from the date of grant, June 15, 2018,
to December 31, 2018, no share option was exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the Share Option Scheme.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors (other than Independent Non-executive Directors)
are considered to have interests in the businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly with
the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
Save for the Share Option Scheme as set out on pages 56 to 58, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the
Company during the financial year or subsisted at the end of the financial year.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Articles, every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs,
charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution and/or discharge of his
duties and/or the exercise of his powers and/or otherwise in relation to or in connection with his duties, powers or office,
to the extent as permitted by laws.

The Company has maintained director’s liability insurance throughout the year, which provides appropriate cover for the
Directors and the directors of the subsidiaries of the Company for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of corporate
activities.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   59
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     RETIREMENT SCHEME AND MANDATORY PROVIDENT FUND
     The principal retirement scheme operated by the Group is a defined contribution retirement scheme for its employees,
     established under a trust deed.

     The scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers. The employees and employers contribute
     respectively to the scheme sums which represent percentages of the employees’ salaries as defined under the trust deed.
     Forfeited contributions may be utilised by the employers to reduce contributions.

     The Group’s principal retirement scheme is closed to new employees joining after October 1, 2000 while existing
     members of the scheme can continue to accrue future benefits.

     Employees joining after October 1, 2000 will participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund, which is not operated by the
     Group, with terms as stipulated by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. The Group will also provide
     voluntary top-up benefits to employees receiving a monthly basic salary exceeding the statutory limits prescribed by the
     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.

     For the retirement scheme operated by the Group, retirement scheme costs before capitalisation during the financial year
     ended December 31, 2018 amounted to approximately HK$17,111,000 (2017: HK$19,153,000) which were incurred
     after utilisation of forfeitures to reduce the Group’s contributions of approximately HK$131,000 (2017: HK$109,000).

     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES
     On April 17, 2018, Hong Kong Cable Television Limited (“HKCTV”) as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor,
     confirmed the acceptance of a facility letter issued by a bank (the “Lender”), as the lender, in respect of, among other
     things, a HK$400,000,000 revolving loan facility (the “Revolving Loan Facility”) being subject to review at any time and in
     any event by February 28, 2019 by the Lender; and on December 18, 2018, the Company, as applicant, on behalf of
     Hong Kong Cable News Express Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (together with HKCTV, the
     “Borrowers”) confirmed the acceptance of a supplemented facility letter issued by the Lender in respect of a
     HK$33,830,000 performance bond facility (the “Performance Bond Facility”) with a maximum tenor of five years being
     subject to review at any time and in any event by February 28, 2019 by the Lender.

     Pursuant to the facility letters in relation to both the Revolving Loan Facility and the Performance Bond Facility, the
     Borrowers have undertaken that Forever Top, the controlling shareholder of the Company, would (i) hold greater than
     35% of the total number of the issued Shares and (ii) be the single largest Shareholder of the Company. In the event of a
     breach of the aforesaid covenant, the Lender has the right to suspend, withdraw or make demand in respect of the whole
     or any part of the respective facilities made available to the relevant Borrower at any time or determine whether or not to
     permit drawings in relation to the respective facilities.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the above specific performance obligations under the Revolving Loan Facility
     and the Performance Bond Facility have been complied with. Details of the transactions have been set out in the
     announcements of the Company dated April 17, 2018 and December 18, 2018.




60   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Group had the following connected transactions during the financial year ended December 31, 2018.

Tenancy Agreement and Licence Agreements
Three legally-binding memoranda of understanding (the “MOUs”) dated April 14, 2017 were entered between Cable
Network Communications Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and New Tech Centre Limited (“New
Tech”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wharf, pursuant to which certain properties were leased/licensed to Cable Network
Communications Limited for a period of three years commencing on January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020 with two
options to renew, each for a three-year term. The MOUs were approved by the independent Shareholders at the
extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on May 29, 2017. Based on the MOUs, a tenancy agreement (the
“Tenancy Agreement”) and two licence agreements (the “Licence Agreements”) dated September 15, 2017 were entered
by the parties during the year ended December 31, 2017. New Tech was an associate of the then substantial Shareholder
and therefore New Tech is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the
MOUs have been set out in the circular of the Company dated May 12, 2017. New Tech ceased to be a connected
person of the Company since April 11, 2018. The aggregate annual value paid and payable by the Group to New Tech for
the transactions contemplate under the Tenancy Agreement and the Licence Agreements during the period from January
1, 2018 to April 10, 2018 was approximately HK$10.8 million, which did not exceed the annual cap as set by the
Company.

Underwriting Agreement
On November 9, 2018, the Controlling Shareholder and the Company has entered into the underwriting agreement (the
“Underwriting Agreement”), the Controlling Shareholder has conditionally agreed to underwrite the new Shares to be
allotted and issued in respect of the rights issue as disclosed in the circular of the Company dated December 20, 2018
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement. The Controlling Shareholder is entitled for a
commission of 1.75% of sum which is equal to the subscription price multiplied by the number of underwritten Shares
and the reasonable costs, fees and other expenses of the Underwriter. As the approval of the rights issue, the
Underwriting Agreement and the whitewash waiver were not obtained from the independent Shareholders at the general
meeting held on January 9, 2019, the rights issue did not proceed, and the Underwriting Agreement was terminated. The
Controlling Shareholder is a substantial Shareholder and therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.

Annual Review of Continuing Connected Transactions
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions as contemplated under the
Tenancy Agreement and the Licence Agreements and confirmed that the transactions thereunder have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   on normal commercial terms or better; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such the transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
      and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     Annual Review of Continuing Connected Transactions (Continued)
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Board engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the Group’s
     continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
     “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note
     740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor of the Company has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions that the Group’s continuing connected transactions as disclosed above are in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the
     Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

     The related party transactions entered into by the Group during the financial year ended December 31, 2018 are disclosed
     in Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements. These transactions include amounts which fall under the definition of
     “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
     Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with
     respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group during the
     financial year ended December 31, 2018.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during
     the financial year ended December 31, 2018.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     At the date of this annual report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge
     of the Directors, the percentage of the Shares which are in the hands of the public exceeds 25.0% of the Company’s total
     number of issued Shares.

     AUDITOR
     KPMG retired as the auditor of the Company upon the expiration of its term of office with effect from the conclusion of the
     annual general meeting of the Company held on May 24, 2018. PricewaterhouseCoopers was appointed as the auditor of
     the Company following the retirement of KPMG.

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group now presented have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers,
     Certified Public Accountants who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment, at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting of the Company.



     On behalf of the Board




     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, March 29, 2019




62   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
    (i)   Directors
          Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Age: 64)
          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, B.Sc., was appointed as the chairman of the Board and a non-executive director of
          the Company in September 2017. He is also the chairman and a member of the nomination committee of the
          Company and a member of the compensation committee of the Company.

          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu holds a double degree of Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and
          Economics at the University of Sophia, Japan. He is a prominent businessman with over 30 years’ experience
          in the property development and extensive experience in the hotel development. Since 1978, Tan Sri Dato’
          David Chiu had been the managing director of Far East Consortium Limited, the predecessor of Far East
          Consortium International Limited (“FECIL”), which is mainly engaged in property development and investment,
          hotel operation and management, car park operation as well as property management services, adopting
          geographical diversification and “Chinese Wallet” strategy, with business covering Hong Kong, Mainland
          China, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, the United Kingdom and New Zealand. He was appointed as the
          deputy chairman and chief executive officer of FECIL on December 8, 1994 and October 8, 1997 respectively.
          On September 8, 2011, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu has been appointed as the chairman of FECIL. He was
          formerly a non-executive director (up to the withdrawal of listing) and is currently a director of Dorsett
          Hospitality International Limited (formerly known as Kosmopolito Hotels International Limited, a subsidiary of
          FECIL, which withdrew from listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in October 2015). He was the
          chairman of the board of directors of AGORA Hospitality Group Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo
          Stock Exchange, until March 31, 2015. He is also a director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, a controlling
          shareholder of the Company.

          In regard to Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu’s devotion to community services in China and Hong Kong, he was
          appointed as the member of the 13th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, the vice chairman
          of All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce in 2017 and the chairman of Mid-Autumn Festival
          Celebration-People and Forces’ Committee in 2008. Currently, he is a trustee member of The Better Hong
          Kong Foundation, an honorary chairman of Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration-People and Forces’ Committee,
          a director and a member of Concerted Efforts Resource Centre, a counsellor of China-United States
          Exchange Foundation, an honorary chairman of Guangdong Chamber of Foreign Investors, a member of
          Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, a member of the Constitutional Reform Synergy, a member of
          The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a member of Friends of Hong Kong Association
          Limited, a member of Pacific Basin Economic Council and a director of three Ju Ching Chu Schools in Hong
          Kong. In Malaysia, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was awarded an honorary award which carried the title “Dato”
          and a more senior honorary title of “Tan Sri” by His Majesty, King of Malaysia in 1997 and 2005 respectively.
          He was also awarded the WCEF Lifetime Achievement Awards by Asian Strategy & Leadership Institute in
          2013.

          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu is the father of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company,
          and the brother of the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director
          of the Company.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (i)      Directors (Continued)
                     Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Age: 72)
                     Dr. Cheng was appointed as the vice-chairman of the Board and a non-executive director of the Company in
                     September 2017. Dr. Cheng is the chairman and executive director of New World Development Company
                     Limited, NWS Holdings Limited and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, the chairman and non-executive
                     director of New World Department Store China Limited and FSE Services Group Limited, and a non-executive
                     director of SJM Holdings Limited, all of them are listed public companies in Hong Kong. He is the chairman
                     and managing director of New World China Land Limited, a listed public company in Hong Kong until its
                     delisting on August 4, 2016. He was a non-executive director of Lifestyle International Holdings Limited, a
                     listed public company in Hong Kong, up to his retirement on May 4, 2015, the chairman and executive
                     director of International Entertainment Corporation, a listed public company in Hong Kong, up to his
                     resignation on June 10, 2017, an independent non-executive director of HKR International Limited, a listed
                     public company in Hong Kong, up to his resignation on March 31, 2018, the chairman and non-executive
                     director of Newton Resources Ltd, a listed public company in Hong Kong, up to his resignation on April 9,
                     2018, and an independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited, a listed public company in
                     Hong Kong, up to his retirement on May 10, 2018. He is a director of Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings)
                     Limited, Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited, Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited, Chow Tai Fook (Holding)
                     Limited and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. Dr. Cheng is also a director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, a
                     controlling shareholder of the Company.

                     Dr. Cheng is the chairman of the Advisory Council of The Better Hong Kong Foundation and a Standing
                     Committee Member of the Twelfth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of The People’s
                     Republic of China. Dr. Cheng was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and the Grand Bauhinia Medal in 2001
                     and 2017 respectively by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                     Dr. Cheng is the father of Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, a non-executive director of the Company, and the
                     uncle of the spouse of Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, a non-executive director of the Company.

                     Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian JP (Age: 39)
                     Dr. Adrian Cheng was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. Dr. Adrian
                     Cheng is the executive vice-chairman and general manager of New World Development Company Limited, an
                     executive director of New World Department Store China Limited and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group
                     Limited, and a non-executive director of Giordano International Limited and New Century Healthcare Holding
                     Co. Limited, all being listed public companies in Hong Kong. He is an executive director of New World China
                     Land Limited, a listed public company in Hong Kong until its delisting on August 4, 2016. He was an executive
                     director of International Entertainment Corporation up to his resignation on June 10, 2017 and a non-executive
                     director and vice chairman of Modern Media Holdings Limited up to his resignation on August 26, 2017, both
                     being listed public companies in Hong Kong. He is a director of Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow
                     Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. He is also the chairman of New World Group Charity Foundation Limited and a
                     director of certain subsidiaries of New World Development Company Limited. Dr. Adrian Cheng worked in a
                     major international bank prior to joining the New World Development Group in September 2006 and has
                     substantial experience in corporate finance.




64   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Dr. Adrian Cheng holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree (cum laude) from Harvard University, and was conferred the
          Honorary Doctorate of Humanities by the Savannah College of Art and Design. He is the vice-chairman of All-
          China Youth Federation, a member of the Tianjin Municipal Committee of The Chinese People’s Political
          Consultative Conference, the chairman of China Young Leaders Foundation, the Honorary chairman of K11
          Art Foundation Limited, and was a member of Board of the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

          He is the son of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, a non-executive director of the Company, and the cousin of the
          spouse of Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, a non-executive director of the Company.

          Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick (Age: 47)
          Mr. Tsang was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also a
          member of the compensation committee of the Company.

          Mr. Tsang is the chief executive officer and director of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. He is also an
          executive director of Melbourne Enterprises Limited and UMP Healthcare Holdings Limited, and a non-
          executive director of Greenheart Group Limited and Integrated Waste Solutions Group Holdings Limited, all of
          which are listed public companies in Hong Kong. Mr. Tsang is a director of Cheng Yu Tung Foundation
          Limited and Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited, a governor of Chow Tai Fook Charity Foundation Limited, a
          member of Hong Kong Chief Executive Election Committee, and a General Committee member of Employers’
          Federation of Hong Kong. He has been a member of the 12th Henan Provincial Committee of the Chinese
          People’s Political Consultative Conference since 2018. Mr. Tsang obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in
          Economics from Columbia College of Columbia University in New York, USA.

          Mr. Tsang’s spouse is a niece of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, a non-executive director of the Company, and a
          cousin of Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, a non-executive director of the Company.

          Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard (Age: 50)
          Mr. Hoong, B.Eng., ACA, was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
          also a member of the audit committee of the Company. He is an executive director of FECIL, a listed public
          company in Hong Kong, since August 2012. He joined FECIL in September 2008 as the managing director.
          He is responsible for the formulation and implementation of FECIL’s overall strategies for development.

          Prior to joining FECIL, Mr. Hoong was the chief executive officer of China LotSynergy Holdings Limited, a
          listed public company in Hong Kong, where he retired as a non-executive director of the company with effect
          from June 1, 2017.

          Mr. Hoong was an investment banker for over 12 years and had held senior positions at Deutsche Bank and
          UBS where he was responsible for corporate finance business in Asia. He was formerly a non-executive
          director (up to the withdrawal of listing) and is currently a director of Dorsett Hospitality International Limited
          (formerly known as Kosmopolito Hotels International Limited and withdrew from listing on the Main Board of
          the Stock Exchange, a subsidiary of FECIL in October 2015), was a director of AGORA Hospitality Group Co.,
          Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, until March 2017 and is a non-independent non-
          executive director of Land & General Berhad, a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia. Mr. Hoong is also a
          director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

          Mr. Hoong is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and holds a
          bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Imperial College, University of London.

                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (i)      Directors (Continued)
                     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU (Age: 30)
                     Mr. Chiu was appointed as an executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also the
                     authorised representative of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is the
                     founder and the executive chairman of Land Pacific Limited, Deacon House International Limited and Ariana
                     Social Community Limited. Land Pacific Limited was formed in 2013 is a property development company
                     focusing on residential and commercial developments in South East Asia. Deacon House International Limited
                     formed in 2015 is a hotel company based on Chinese contemporary designs and influences, exemplifying
                     Chinese cultures and traditions with a modern twist. Ariana Social Community Limited formed in 2016 is a
                     community based student housing company with its flagship property in Farringdon, London and projects
                     pipelined in England, Australia and North America.

                     Mr. Chiu started his career with DTZ Hong Kong in 2008, he joined FECIL in 2009 and was appointed as the
                     business development manager of FECIL in 2012. He is responsible for property investment and development
                     for FECIL. From 2015, Mr. Chiu serves as the assistant to the chairman of FECIL. He is also a director of
                     Malaysia Land Properties Sdn Bhd, and a non-independent non-executive director of Land & General Berhad,
                     a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia. He is a member of Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce and
                     a member of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

                     Mr. Chiu is the son of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the Company, and the nephew of
                     the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director of the Company.

                     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP (Age: 67)
                     Mr. Lam was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
                     also the chairman and a member of the compensation committee of the Company and a member of the
                     nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Lam holds a bachelor degree in mechanical engineering from
                     Tufts University in the United States. He has over 30 years of experience in the toy industry and is currently
                     the managing director of Forward Winsome Industries Limited which is engaged in toy manufacturing.

                     Mr. Lam is an independent non-executive director of Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, C C Land
                     Holdings Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited, Wynn Macau, Limited and CWT International
                     Limited (formerly known as HNA Holding Group Company Limited) and Wing Tai Properties Limited, all of
                     which are listed public companies in Hong Kong. He was also an independent non-executive director of
                     Bracell Limited until his resignation on November 1, 2016 after its delisting on the Main Board of the Stock
                     Exchange on October 24, 2016.

                     Mr. Lam is a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
                     He also holds a number of other public and community service positions including being a non-official member
                     of the Executive Council and a member of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong, a member of the board of
                     Airport Authority Hong Kong, a general committee member of the Hong Kong General Chamber of
                     Commerce, the chairman of Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) Complaints Committee, a
                     director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited and a member of the board of directors of Heifer
                     International-Hong Kong.




66   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP (Age: 65)
          Dr. Hu, BSc, FCIBSE, FHKIE, MIEEE. C. Eng., has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since
          April 2012. He is also a member of the compensation committee of the Company. He is the chairman of
          Ryoden Development Limited. Mr. Hu has been re-elected as a Deputy to the 13th National People’s
          Congress of the People’s Republic of China. He is the vice-chairman of the Chinese General Chamber of
          Commerce, Hong Kong. He is also a general committee member, executive committee member and chairman
          of Mainland China Committee of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong, the Vice-President of the Sports
          Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China, an Honorary Court Member of Hong Kong University
          of Science & Technology, a member of the Election Committee of the Government of the HKSAR and the Vice
          Patron of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. He was awarded the Honour of Silver Bauhinia Star (SBS) by
          the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China on June
          30, 2017.

          Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP (Age: 67)
          Mr. Luk, FHKIB, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since September 2010. He
          also serves as the chairman and a member of the Company’s Audit Committee and a member of each of the
          Company’s Compensation Committee and Nomination Committee. He has over 30 years of comprehensive
          experience in accounting and financial management. He joined Hang Seng Bank in 1975, became the bank’s
          director and deputy chief executive in 1994 and then became managing director and deputy chief executive
          of the bank in 1996 until his retirement in May 2005. Mr. Luk is an independent non-executive director of four
          companies publicly listed in Hong Kong, namely, China Properties Group Limited, Computime Group Limited,
          Hung Hing Printing Group Limited and Harbour Centre Development Limited, and also an independent non-
          executive director of Octopus Cards Limited. Mr. Luk was formerly an independent non-executive director of
          Wheelock Properties Limited, formerly a listed public company until it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Wheelock and Company Limited in July 2010, from February 2008 to July 2010. He also serves as a council
          member of The Chinese University of Hong Kong and a non-executive director (non-official) of Urban Renewal
          Authority. Mr. Luk also served in the past on the Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University, the
          Advisory Committee on New Broad-based Taxes, the Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the Central
          Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government, the Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority, the
          Advisory Committee and the Investor Education Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures
          Commission, the Barristers Disciplinary Tribunal Panel, the Operations Review Committee of ICAC and the
          Town Planning Board. He was an appointed member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to
          1995, and also a member of the first Election Committee of the Legislative Council.

          Mr. Luk graduated with a Bachelor of Social Sciences Degree in Statistics from The University of Hong Kong
          and also holds a Master of Business Administration Degree granted by The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
          He is a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Bankers. He is also a Non-official Justice of the Peace and was
          awarded the honour of Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2004 in recognition of his contributions to public services.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (i)      Directors (Continued)
                     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman (Age: 62)
                     Mr. Tang has been appointed an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2014. He
                     is also a member of the audit committee of the Company. He holds a Master degree in Electrical Engineering
                     and a degree of Doctor in Medicine from the University of Southern California, the United States of America.
                     Mr. Tang is a seasoned entrepreneur in the hospitality industry and has over 20 years of experience in
                     investment and operation of restaurants, cafes and bars. He is the founder and owner of the Epicurean Group
                     and also served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Epicurean and Company, Limited (now known
                     as New Wisdom Holding Company Limited), a listed public company in Hong Kong, until his resignation in
                     November 2016.

                     Mr. Tang is the brother of the sister-in-law of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the
                     Company, and the brother of the aunt of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company.

            (ii)     Senior Management
                     Ms. LEUNG Shuk Yee Irene, Chief Operating Officer (Age: 49)
                     Ms. Leung joined i-CABLE Communications Limited (“i-CABLE”) as the Chief Operating Officer in February
                     2018. She is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                     Ms. Leung had established her reputation well in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong. She was the
                     Executive Vice President of CSL Limited, and was responsible for the leadership and strategic development of
                     the leading mobile operator’s multi-brand business which included the world’s first commercial launch of 4G
                     mobile service and applications.

                     Ms. Leung was one of the early advocators of Corporate Social Responsibility in the commercial sector and
                     has led award-winning projects that involved the creative use of Information and Communications Technology
                     (ICT) for social good. In 2012, Ms. Leung devoted herself into the social service sector by joining the Senior
                     Citizen Home Safety Association 長者安居協會, a social enterprise and charitable organisation in Hong Kong,
                     as the Chief Executive Officer. During her service and leadership, the Association had gone through a major
                     transformation and is being recognised as a role model of social innovations in the social service sector in
                     Hong Kong.

                     Ms. Leung is currently the President of Hong Kong IT Federation, and serves as a member of advisory
                     committees of various bureaus of the HKSAR Government.




68   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (ii)   Senior Management (Continued)
           Mr. KWOK Chi Kin, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary (Age: 42)
           Mr. Kwok joined the Group in September 2017 and he is the Chief Financial Officer and the company
           secretary of the Company. He is also the authorised representative of the Company. He is responsible for the
           accounting and financial management, company secretarial matters and corporate governance functions of
           the Group. Mr. Kwok obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance with First Class Honours
           from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. He is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
           Public Accountants and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, and an associate member of the
           Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
           He has over 20 years of experience in auditing, accounting and financial management, company secretarial
           practice, and corporate governance. Prior to joining the Group, he worked for an international accounting firm
           and was the chief financial officer and the company secretary of International Entertainment Corporation, a
           company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from May 2004 to June 2017.

           Mr. CHAN Wai Man, Senior Vice President, Network and Engineering Operations (Age: 53)
           Mr. Chan joined the Group in September 1993 and is Senior Vice President, Network and Engineering
           Operations. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. At the time that he joined the Group
           in 1993, he was responsible for the operations and technical support of TV broadcasting system. Throughout
           his career with the Group, he gained extensive experience in TV broadcasting, telecommunication and data
           communication engineering. He was appointed Vice President, Network Operations in July 2014. In March
           2018, Mr. Chan was appointed as Senior Vice President, Network and Engineering Operations, responsible
           for the development and operation of the Company’s TV broadcasting and broadband distribution networks,
           as well as the New Media and Management Information Systems. Mr. Chan holds a Bachelor of Engineering
           degree (First Class Honours) and a Master of Science degree in Electronic Engineering.

           Ms. NG Ching Man Carman, Senior Vice President, Media Business (Age: 48)
           Ms. Ng joined the Group in January 2018 as Senior Vice President, Media Business. She is also a director of
           certain subsidiaries of the Company. She is responsible for the overall business performance of television and
           other media advertising business where she leads and formulates strategy to drive for business growth. Ms.
           Ng has over 20 years of experience in HK’s media industry spanning from free-TV to pay-TV, OTT (over-the-
           top), OOH (out-of-home), digital, social and integrated marketing solutions. Prior to joining the Company, she
           has held various senior management positions in PCCW Media Group, Le Corporation Limited, RoadShow
           Media Limited and Sina.com. Ms. Ng holds an EMBA degree of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

           Mr. FUNG Tak Hung William, Executive Director, i-CABLE News (Age: 57)
           Mr. Fung joined the Group in March 2019 as Executive Director, i-CABLE News. He is also a director of
           i-CABLE News Limited. Mr. Fung has over thirty years’ experience in the profession. He first joined Cable
           News in 1992, and was one of the key members who helped to launch the world’s first 24-hour Cantonese
           language News Channel. He then has also worked for major newspapers, radio and television stations in
           Hong Kong, leading and masterminding their News operations. Mr. Fung holds a MPhil. Degree in
           Communication of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   69
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     To the members of i-CABLE Communications Limited
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     OPINION
     What we have audited
     The consolidated financial statements of i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and its
     consolidated structured entities (the “Group”) set out on pages 77 to 135, which comprise:

     •      the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2018;

     •      the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;

     •      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

     •      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

     •      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

     •      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

     Our opinion
     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
     Group as at December 31, 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
     year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
     Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     Independence
     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
     Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




70   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•       Assessment of going concern assumption
•       Assessment of impairment or property, plant & equipment (“PP&E”) and the programming library
•       Assessment of the recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets

    Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


    Assessment of going concern assumption                        Our audit procedures to assess the appropriateness of
                                                                  management’s preparation of the consolidated financial
    Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial                 statements on a going concern basis, included the following:
    statements.
                                                                  •      Obtaining management’s cash flow projection and
    During the year ended December 31, 2018 the Group                    discussing with senior management to understand their
    recorded a net loss of HK$456 million (2017: HK$363                  future operation plans in the Forecast Period;
    million) and net operating cash outflows of HK$184
    million (2017: HK$207 million) and net current liabilities    •      Comparing the key assumptions used, including the
    of HK$590 million as at December 31, 2018 (2017:                     revenue growth rate, estimated operating expenses, with
    HK$130 million).                                                     historical trend and new business plans to challenge the
                                                                         reasonableness of the key assumptions adopted by
    Included in its current liabilities was an interest-bearing          management in the Forecast Period;
    borrowing of HK$395 million drawn from a banking
    facility of HK$400 million which was immediately              •      Enquiring management of the availability of financing
    repayable on demand and subject to review at least                   facilities, other recourse to financing and proposed fund
    annually, and an interest-bearing borrowing of                       raising activities;
    HK$100 million drawn from a loan facility granted by
    Wharf Finance Limited which is due for repayment on           •      Inspecting all the relevant supporting information and
    December 31, 2019. In addition, the Group would                      agreements with the bank and other lenders to confirm
    require additional funding to improve its capital base,              the availability of the financing facilities;
    capital expenditures of its network and equipment and
    acquisition of programming library and working capital        •      Evaluating management’s sensitivity analyses around the
    requirements in the foreseeable future.                              key assumptions in the cash flow projection, to ascertain
                                                                         that the extent and likelihood of such changes have been
    These factors casted doubt on the Group’s ability to                 appropriately considered; and
    continue as a going concern. Accordingly,
    management prepared a cash flow projection (having            •      Considering whether the disclosures relating to going
    considered both base case and downside scenarios)                    concern included in the consolidated financial statements
    for a period of at least twelve months from December                 are appropriate.
    31, 2018 (“Forecast Period”).
                                                                  Based on our work, we found that the key assumptions used
    As the going concern assessment involved significant          in the management’s cash flow projection were supported by
    judgements and estimates made by management as                the available evidence.
    disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, we
    determined this area to be a key audit matter.



                                                                      A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   71
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Key Audit Matter                                                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Assessment of impairment of PP&E and programming                                     Our audit procedures to assess the impairment of PP&E and
      library                                                                              programming library included the following:

      Refer to notes 5(b), 14 and 15 to the consolidated                                   •    Evaluating management’s identification of CGU and
      financial statements.                                                                     whether the assets generate cash inflows that are largely
                                                                                                independent, based on our understanding of the Group’s
      The carrying values of PP&E and the programming                                           business;
      library as at December 31, 2018 were HK$859 million
      and HK$116 million, respectively. The Group incurred                                 •    Evaluating management’s process for preparing its
      a loss for the year ended December 31, 2018 of                                            impairment assessment and comparing the historical
      HK$456 million (2017: HK$363 million). Accordingly,                                       accuracy of management’s forecasts to actual results to
      management considered that there were indicators of                                       assess the reliability of management’s forecasts;
      potential impairment of PP&E and the programming
      library.                                                                             •    Reconciling input data in the discounted cash flow
                                                                                                forecasts to supporting evidence, such as checking the
      Management has performed an impairment                                                    cash flows to the approved budgets, assessing the
      assessment as at December 31, 2018 given indicators                                       annual growth rate against Group’s business
      of impairment were identified. The recoverable amount                                     development plans and benchmarking the long term
      of an asset or a cash generating unit (“CGU”) is the                                      growth rate and the discount rate with industry
      greater of its value in use and fair value less costs of                                  comparables and involving our valuation experts to
      disposal. The impairment assessment prepared by                                           evaluate the reasonableness of these inputs against our
      management uses the value in use model to                                                 knowledge of the industry and the Group;
      determine the recoverable amounts of the CGUs to
      which these assets are allocated. The CGU identified                                 •    Testing the mathematical accuracy included in the
      for impairment assessment of PP&E and the                                                 discounted cash flow model; and
      programming library is the Group as a whole.
                                                                                           •    Evaluating management’s sensitivity analyses around the
      Value in use is calculated by preparing discounted                                        key assumptions, to ascertain the extent to which
      cash flows for the CGU. Significant management                                            adverse changes, both individually or in aggregate, would
      judgement was involved in the identification of CGUs,                                     indicate that the PP&E and programming library were
      whether cash inflows are largely independent and in                                       impaired.
      determining the key assumptions adopted in the cash
      flow forecast, including forecast revenue, forecast                                  Based on our work, we found that the key assumptions
      programming costs, forecast network and other                                        adopted in relation to this impairment assessment were
      expenses, annual growth rates, long term growth rate                                 supported by the available evidence.
      and discount rates under value in use calculation.
      There was no impairment loss identified under this
      impairment assessment.

      We have focused on this area because the impairment
      assessment prepared by management requires
      significant judgement and estimates.




72   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Assessment of the recoverability of recognised                 Our audit procedures to assess the recoverability of recognised
deferred tax assets                                            deferred tax assets included the following:

Refer to notes 5(a) and 25(b) to the consolidated              •      Evaluating management’s process for preparing the
financial statements.                                                 assessment of the recoverability of recognised deferred
                                                                      tax assets which includes the forecasts of the Group’s
As at December 31, 2018 the Group had recognised                      profit or loss and the forecasts of future taxable profits of
net deferred tax assets of HK$301 million, for which                  the relevant entities with the deferred tax assets;
deferred tax assets of HK$358 million relate to the
future benefit of unutilised tax losses without expiry         •      Assessing management’s forecast results of the Group
date. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the                       against the new business development, approved
Group incurred a consolidated loss before taxation of                 business plans, signed contracts of different sources of
HK$455 million which indicated that the recognised                    income and the trends of customer bases;
deferred tax assets may not be recoverable, in whole
or in part.                                                    •      Comparing the key assumptions in the forecasts of
                                                                      taxable profits of the relevant entities with those used in
With a history of recent losses, management                           the Group’s forecast results to ensure consistencies
recognises deferred tax assets in respect of the future               between the forecasts, and testing the mathematical
benefit of unutilised tax losses for individual entities, to          accuracy of the forecasts;
the extent that the entities have sufficient taxable
temporary differences or there is convincing other             •      Challenging management’s key assumptions in the
evidence that sufficient taxable profits will be available            forecasts of the probable future taxable profits of the
against which the tax losses can be utilised by the                   relevant entities and the periods over which management
entities.                                                             expects the tax losses to be utilised by the entities and
                                                                      evaluating the historical and future profitability, loss
The determination of the recoverability of deferred tax               utilisation trends and availability of tax losses recognised
assets requires the exercise of significant                           for the relevant entities taking into account any unsettled
management judgement in estimating and evaluating                     disputes or queries raised by the relevant tax authorities;
the likelihood of future taxable profits (including                   and
forecast revenue and forecast expenses) and the
timing of utilisation of the tax losses. We focused on         •      Evaluating and challenging management’s sensitivity
this area because of the inherent uncertainties                       analyses around the key assumptions adopted in the
involved in forecasting future taxable profits.                       forecasts to ascertain the extent to which adverse
                                                                      changes would indicate that there were insufficient
                                                                      taxable profits in the future to support the recognition of
                                                                      deferred tax assets.

                                                               Based on our work, we found that the recoverability of
                                                               recognised deferred tax assets was supported by the available
                                                               evidence.




                                                                   A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
     information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
     are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
     and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
     internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibility of overseeing the Group’s financial
     reporting process.




74   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
     audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
     Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
     direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
     and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
     on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
     when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
     the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ka Yee.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, March 29, 2019




76   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                                                            2018                         2017
                                                                                   Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


Revenue                                                                            7, 8                 1,163,310                   1,258,430
Cost of services
— Programming costs                                                                                       (868,610)                   (939,579)
— Network expenses                                                                                        (334,679)                   (361,481)
— Cost of sales                                                                                            (86,941)                     (79,014)
Selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses                                          (362,307)                   (322,297)


Loss from operations                                                                                      (489,227)                   (443,941)

Interest income                                                                                               2,327                          776
Finance costs                                                                                               (10,238)                      (9,315)
Non-operating income                                                                                         42,373                      86,268


Loss before taxation                                                                 9                    (454,765)                   (366,212)

Income tax (expense)/credit                                                        10(a)                         (823)                     3,385


Loss for the year                                                                                         (455,588)                   (362,827)


Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                      (455,588)                   (362,827)


Loss per share                                                                      13
Basic                                                                                            (7.3) HK cents             (10.1) HK cents


Diluted                                                                                          (7.3) HK cents             (10.1) HK cents




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   77
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                                                  2018        2017
                                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


     Loss for the year                                                                          (455,588)   (362,827)

     Other comprehensive income for the year
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Currency translation difference                                                             (660)       403


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    (456,248)   (362,424)


     Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       (456,248)   (362,424)




78   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                                           As at December 31, 2018


                                                                                               2018                         2017
                                                                      Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                       14                      858,917                     888,775
  Programming library                                                 15                      115,502                     151,577
  Other intangible assets                                             16                        1,218                       1,218
  Contract acquisition costs                                          4                        15,344                           –
  Interest in an associate                                            17                            –                           –
  Deferred tax assets                                                25(b)                    300,525                     303,472
  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                  43,472                      39,006


                                                                                           1,334,978                   1,384,048


Current assets
 Inventories                                                           19                      10,130                      13,981
 Trade receivables                                                     20                      58,404                      43,822
 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                   54,233                      38,187
 Contract acquisition costs                                            4                       23,715                           –
 Restricted bank balances                                              21                      18,320                      16,710
 Cash and bank balances                                                21                     177,815                     568,034


                                                                                              342,617                     680,734


Total assets                                                                               1,677,595                   2,064,782


EQUITY
Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                       24(c)                7,844,472                   7,844,472
  Reserves                                                                                (7,120,932)                 (6,714,625)


Total equity                                                                                  723,540                  1,129,847




                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

     As at December 31, 2018


                                                                                                                  2018        2017
                                                                                                       Note     HK$’000     HK$’000


     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
       Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                      23            –     100,000
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        25(b)          –       2,447
       Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                       21,068      21,068
       Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                                                  288         919


                                                                                                                 21,356     124,434


     Current liabilities
      Trade payables                                                                                    22       49,567      17,150
      Accrued expenses and other payables                                                               22      248,390     235,771
      Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                                       22      139,670     162,494
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                       23      495,000     395,000
      Current tax liabilities                                                                          25(a)         72          86


                                                                                                                932,699     810,501


     Total liabilities                                                                                          954,055     934,935


     Total equity and liabilities                                                                              1,677,595   2,064,782


     The notes on pages 85 to 135 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

     Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 29, 2019.




     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                                              Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
     Director                                                              Director




80   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                     Share
                                    Share     Capital     Exchange Accumulated                      option               Total              Total
                                   capital    reserve       reserve     losses                     reserve            reserves             equity
                                  HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000                    HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000


Balance at December 31, 2017     7,844,472    13,985          3,261         (6,731,871)                    –       (6,714,625)          1,129,847

 Adjustment on adoption of
  HKFRS 15 (Note 4)                     –          –                –           33,903                     –            33,903              33,903


Balance at January 1, 2018
  (restated)                     7,844,472    13,985          3,261         (6,697,968)                    –       (6,680,722)          1,163,750


  Loss for the year                     –          –               –          (455,588)                    –          (455,588)           (455,588)
  Other comprehensive income            –          –            (660)                –                     –              (660)               (660)


Total comprehensive income
  for the year                          –          –            (660)         (455,588)                    –          (456,248)           (456,248)


Transactions with owners
  Share option expense                  –          –                –                   –           16,038              16,038              16,038


Total transactions with owners          –          –                –                   –           16,038              16,038              16,038


Balance at December 31, 2018     7,844,472    13,985          2,601         (7,153,556)             16,038         (7,120,932)            723,540




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)

     For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                                                Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                            Share                Capital     Exchange Accumulated              Total         Total
                                                                           capital               reserve       reserve     losses           reserves        equity
                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000


     Balance at January 1, 2017                                         6,857,599                13,985          2,858     (6,369,044)     (6,352,201)    505,398


       Loss for the year                                                           –                  –              –       (362,827)      (362,827)     (362,827)
       Other comprehensive income                                                  –                  –            403              –            403           403


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                       –                  –            403       (362,827)      (362,424)     (362,424)


     Transactions with owners
       Shares issued under open offer
       (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                  704,029                     –               –              –               –    704,029
       Shares issued under loan capitalisation
       (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                  300,000                     –               –              –               –    300,000
       Transaction costs incurred in respect of
       open offer                                                          (17,156)                   –               –              –               –     (17,156)


     Total transactions with owners                                       986,873                     –               –              –               –    986,873


     Balance at December 31, 2017                                       7,844,472                13,985          3,261     (6,731,871)     (6,714,625)   1,129,847




82   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                                                         2018                         2017
                                                                                Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation                                                                                   (454,765)                   (366,212)

Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                                                            10,238                        9,315
Interest income                                                                                           (2,327)                       (776)
Depreciation                                                                                            195,637                     204,678
Amortisation of programming library                                                                     121,661                     128,647
Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                                             –                         387
Impairment losses on programming library                                                                       –                       3,691
Amortisation of contract acquisition costs                                                               19,755                            –
Share option expense                                                                                     16,038                            –
Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   (10,739)                     (14,760)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        (31,634)                     (71,508)


Operating loss before changes in working capital                                                       (136,136)                   (106,538)

Decrease in inventories                                                                                    3,885                        4,132
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                                                 (14,583)                       7,563
Increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                  (21,260)                    (12,402)
Increase in contract acquisition costs paid                                                              (24,911)                           –
Decrease in amounts due from former subsidiaries                                                               –                      13,993
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                                                     32,222                     (39,407)
Increase/(decrease) in accrued expenses and other payables                                                   935                     (23,005)
Decrease in receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                                  (23,454)                    (21,081)
Decrease in amounts due to former fellow subsidiaries                                                          –                     (26,129)
Decrease in amount due to former immediate holding company                                                     –                       (3,229)


Cash used in operations                                                                                (183,302)                   (206,103)

The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) tax paid                                                               (334)                       (410)


Net cash used in operating activities                                                                  (183,636)                   (206,513)


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                              (171,514)                   (176,257)
Additions to programming library                                                                        (80,448)                   (117,642)
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                         18(b)                     38,800                      77,850
Proceeds from disposal of other intangible assets                                                             –                         844
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  15,818                      17,651
Interest received                                                                                         2,635                         391


Net cash used in investing activities                                                                  (194,709)                   (197,163)



                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

     For the year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                                                               2018         2017
                                                                                                 Note        HK$’000      HK$’000


     Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from issue of shares upon open offer                                              24(c)(iii)           –    704,029
     Transaction costs upon issue of shares under open offer                                    24(c)(iii)           –     (17,156)
     Drawdown of interest-bearing borrowings                                                     23(b)               –    245,000
     Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                                    23(b)               –     (40,000)
     (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank balances                                                            (1,610)       3,290
     Finance costs paid                                                                                       (10,238)       (9,315)


     Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                             (11,848)    885,848


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (390,193)    482,172

     Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                                                                  568,034       85,814

     Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                                     (26)          48


     Cash and cash equivalents at December 31                                                                177,815      568,034


     Material non-cash transaction
     During the year ended December 31, 2017, the loan from a former fellow subsidiary (the “Wharf Facility”) of HK$300
     million was settled through the issue of 841,987,090 loan capitalisation shares of the Company. Further details of which
     are set out in Note 24(c)(iii).




84   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong. The
     address of its registered office in Hong Kong is 8th Floor, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong
     Kong.

     The Company has its primary listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     The Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (together the “Group”) are engaged in television
     subscription business, domestic free television programme services, advertising, channel carriage, television relay
     service, programme licensing, network maintenance, other television related businesses, broadband internet access
     services, portal operation, mobile content licensing, and telephony services as well as other internet access related
     businesses.

     The consolidated financial statements have been approved by the board of directors (the “Directors”) of the
     Company on March 29, 2019.

2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards (“HKFRS”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The
     consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
     accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
     accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
     and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 5 below.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group incurred a net loss of HK$456 million (2017: HK$363 million),
     net operating cash outflows of HK$184 million (2017: HK$207 million) and, as of that date, the Group’s net current
     liabilities exceeded its current assets by HK$590 million (2017: HK$130 million). Included in its current liabilities was
     an interest-bearing borrowing of HK$395 million drawn from a banking facility of HK$400 million which is
     immediately repayable on demand and subject to review at least annually, and an interest-bearing borrowing of
     HK$100 million drawn from a loan facility granted by Wharf Finance Limited (“Wharf Finance”) which is due for
     repayment on December 31, 2019. In addition, the Group would require additional funding to improve its capital
     base, capital expenditures of its network and equipment and acquisition of programming library and working capital
     requirements in the foreseeable future.

     In view of the above, the Directors have given careful consideration of the liquidity requirement for the Group’s
     operations, the performance of the Group and available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group has
     sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern. The Directors have reviewed the Group’s cash flow
     projections prepared by management which covers a period of not less than twelve months from December 31,
     2018. The Directors have taken into account the following plans and measures in assessing the sufficiency of
     working capital requirements in the foreseeable future:

     (1)   The Company’s proposal to raise funds of approximately HK$660 million via a rights issue as set out in the
           Company’s circular dated December 20, 2018 was voted down by the independent shareholders of the
           Company on January 9, 2019. As set out in the Company’s announcement dated January 25, 2019, the
           Company proposed a revised “2019 Proposal” to its shareholders to raise funds in the form of a rights issue
           (“Rights Issue”) and issue of unlisted long-term convertible securities (“LCS”). The 2019 Proposal requires the
           approval from independent shareholders of the Company in an upcoming general meeting.


                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
            (1)      (Continued)

                     The 2019 Proposal comprises the following:

                     (i)      To raise funds of approximately HK$465.5 million (assuming no new Shares are issued and no
                              repurchase of Shares on or before the record date for determining entitlement under the Rights Issue)
                              before expenses by way of the Rights Issue. Forever Top (Asia) Limited, a company holding 43.2% of
                              the Company’s shareholding (“Forever Top”), has undertaken to the Company that it will take up its
                              share of the Rights Issue in such number of rights shares that its percentage shareholding in the
                              Company will remain the same immediately before and after the completion of the Rights Issue.

                     (ii)     On January 25, 2019, the Company and Forever Top further entered into a conditional LCS subscription
                              agreement (the “LCS Subscription Agreement”) whereby Forever Top agreed to subscribe for the 10-
                              year LCS subject to the approval of the independent shareholders of the Company. The subscription of
                              the LCS by Forever Top would be between a minimum of approximately HK$195 million and a maximum
                              of HK$660 million, depending on the number of shares finally issued under the Rights Issue (assuming
                              that there is no exercise of outstanding share options before the record date for determining entitlements
                              under the Rights Issue).

            (2)      A loan facility of HK$200 million has been provided by Forever Top on January 25, 2019 to the Group for its
                     working capital requirements. The loan facility is repayable at the earlier of 18 months from the date of the loan
                     agreement and five business days following completion of last fund raising activities after the date of the loan
                     agreement, with an aggregate amount of gross proceeds received from all fund raising activities being not less
                     than HK$600 million (including issuance of equity, debts or convertible securities).

            (3)      The review of its existing revolving bank loan facility of HK$400 million has recently been completed by the
                     bank in mid-March 2019 on the same terms which include the bank’s overriding right to demand repayment.

            (4)      Management has been formulating an organisational restructuring which includes cost saving initiatives,
                     introduction of new contents, cooperation model with other partners and strategic review of its business
                     portfolio.

            (5)      Forever Top has also confirmed its intention to provide further financial support, as and when is necessary, to
                     the Group for a period of not less than twelve months from December 31, 2018.

            As a result of these plans and measures, the Directors are confident that the Group will have sufficient working
            capital to fund its operations, financing and capital expenditure requirements and remain as a going concern at least
            in the next twelve months from December 31, 2018.

            Notwithstanding the above, whether management is able to achieve its plans and measures as described above,
            which incorporate assumptions about future events and conditions, are subject to inherent uncertainties. In
            particular, whether the Group will be able to continue as a going concern would depend upon, among other things,
            (i) the successful and timely completion of fund raising from the Rights Issue and/or the issuance of the LCS; (ii) the
            availability of the bank loan facility for the next twelve months; (iii) the successful implementation of its organisational
            restructuring plan and (iv) the financial support from Forever Top as mentioned above, as and when necessary.




86   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     The Directors have, after due consideration of the basis of the plans and measures as described above as well as
     the reasonable possible downside changes to the cash flow assumptions, are confident that the Group will have
     sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due at least in the next twelve months
     from December 31, 2018. Accordingly, the Directors considered it appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial
     statements of the Group on a going concern basis.

     (a) New standard, amendments to standards and interpretation effective in the current
         accounting period and are relevant to the Group’s operations
           During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group has adopted the following new standard, amendments
           to standards and interpretation which are relevant to the Group’s operations and are mandatory for
           accounting periods beginning on January 1, 2018:

           HKFRS 15                                               Revenue from Contracts with Customers
           HKFRS 2 (Amendments)                                   Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                                    Payment Transactions
           HKFRS 15 (Amendments)                                  Clarifications to HKFRS 15
           HK (IFRIC) 22                                          Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
           Annual Improvement Project                             Annual Improvements 2014–2016 Cycle

           The adoption of these new standard, amendments to standards and interpretation does not have any
           significant change to the accounting policies or any significant effect on the results and financial position of the
           Group, except as described in Note 4 below.

     (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations that are not yet
         effective and have not been early adopted by the Group
           The following new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations have been published which are
           mandatory for the Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019 but have not been early
           adopted by the Group:

           HKFRS 16                                               Leases (1)
           HKFRS 17                                               Insurance Contracts (4)
           HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                                   Business Combinations (2)
           HKFRS 9 (Amendments)                                   Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation and
                                                                     Modification of Financial Liabilities (1)
           HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                     Associate or Joint Venture (5)
           HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)                         Amendments to Definition of Material (3)
           HKAS 19 (Amendments)                                   Employee Benefits (1)
           HKAS 28 (Amendments)                                   Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures (1)
           HK (IFRIC) 23                                          Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (1)
           Annual Improvements Project                            Annual Improvements 2015–2017 Cycle (1)
           Conceptual Framework for Financial                     Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (3)
             Report 2018

           (1)
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019
           (2)
                 Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after beginning of the first annual
                 period beginning on or after January 1, 2020
           (3)
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020
           (4)
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
           (5)
                 Effective date is to be determined




                                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
            (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations that are not yet
                effective and have not been early adopted by the Group (Continued)
                     The Group has already commenced an assessment of the likely impact of adopting the above new standards,
                     amendments to standards and interpretations, in which the preliminary assessment of HKFRS 16 is detailed
                     below.

                     HKFRS 16 ‘Leases’
                     Currently the Group classifies leases into finance leases and operating leases and accounts for the lease
                     arrangements differently, depending on the classification of the lease. The Group enters into some leases as
                     the lessor and others as the lessee.

                     HKFRS 16 is not expected to impact significantly on the way that lessors account for their rights and
                     obligations under a lease. However, once HKFRS 16 is adopted, lessees will no longer distinguish between
                     finance leases and operating leases. Instead, subject to practical expedients, lessees will account for all leases
                     in a similar way to current finance lease accounting, i.e. at the commencement date of the lease the lessee will
                     recognise and measure a lease liability at the present value of the minimum future lease payments and will
                     recognise a corresponding “right-of-use” asset. After initial recognition of this asset and liability, the lessee will
                     recognise interest expense accrued on the outstanding balance of the lease liability, and the depreciation of
                     the right-of-use asset, instead of the current policy of recognising rental expenses incurred under operating
                     leases on a systematic basis over the lease term. As a practical expedient, the lessee can elect not to apply
                     this accounting model to short-term leases (i.e. where the lease term is 12 months or less) and to leases of
                     low-value assets, in which case the rental expenses would continue to be recognised on a systematic basis
                     over the lease term.

                     HKFRS 16 will primarily affect the Group’s accounting as a lessee of leases for property, plant and equipment
                     which are currently classified as operating leases. As at the reporting date, the Group has non-cancellable
                     operating lease commitments of HK$46,323,000 (note 26(b)). The application of the new accounting model is
                     expected to lead to an increase in both assets and liabilities and to impact on the timing of the expense
                     recognition in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the lease.

                     The Group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption date of January 1, 2019. The Group intends to
                     apply the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first
                     adoption.

                     There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a material impact
                     on the Group.

     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            The principal accounting policies adopted for the preparation of these financial statements, which have been
            consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated, are set out below:

            (a) Consolidation
                     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and all of its
                     subsidiaries made up to December 31.




88   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (a) Consolidation (Continued)
         (i)    Subsidiaries
                Subsidiaries are all entities (including consolidated structured entities) controlled by the Group. The
                Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
                the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which controls is transferred to the Group. They are
                deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group
                transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
                Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised
                gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment. Accounting policies of subsidiaries
                have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
                as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
                interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no gain or loss is
                recognised in profit or loss.

                When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in
                that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in
                that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is
                regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on
                initial recognition of an investment in an associate.

                In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).

         (ii)   Associates
                An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or
                joint control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

                An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group
                under the equity method and is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of
                the acquisition date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
                any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the
                investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Any
                acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the
                investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
                or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax items of the investees’ other
                comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income.

                When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced
                to HK$Nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has
                incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
                the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the
                Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate.


                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (a) Consolidation (Continued)
                     (ii)     Associates (Continued)
                              Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are
                              eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide
                              evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in
                              profit or loss.

                              When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal
                              of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any
                              interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair
                              value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

                              In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in an associate is stated at cost less
                              impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).

            (b) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
                     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                     Note 3(p)(ii)). The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of
                     materials, labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and
                     restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and
                     borrowing costs (see Note 3(k)).

                     Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
                     as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and is recognised in
                     profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

                     Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
                     residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                     Network assets and television production systems        5% to 25%
                     Furniture, fixtures, other equipment and motor vehicles 10% to 33.33%
                     Buildings situated on leasehold land*                   Higher of 2.5% or percentage to amortise the asset
                     	  cost over the unexpired term of land leases
                     Leasehold improvements                                  Over the lease term

                     Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
                     allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
                     life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

                     Under certain circumstances, the Group may have an obligation to dismantle part of its network upon request
                     by concerned parties. Owing to the absence of such history, no reliable estimate can be reasonably made in
                     respect of such potential obligation.

                     *        This represents units in industrial and commercial buildings which the management considers impracticable to split the cost into land
                              and buildings. Thus, depreciation is provided at 2.5% to write off the cost of the properties held by the Group.




90   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (c) Leased assets
         An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
         determines that the arrangement conveys a right to use a specific asset or assets for an agreed period of time
         in return for a payment or a series of payments. Such a determination is made based on an evaluation of the
         substance of the arrangement and is regardless of whether the arrangement takes the legal form of a lease.

         (i)     Classification of assets leased to the Group
                 Assets that are held by the Group under leases which transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership are classified as being held under finance leases. Leases which do not transfer
                 substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the Group are classified as operating leases.

         (ii)    Assets acquired under finance leases
                 Where the Group acquires the use of assets under finance leases, the amounts representing the fair
                 value of the leased asset, or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments, of such assets
                 are recognised as property, plant and equipment and the corresponding liabilities, net of finance
                 charges, are recorded as obligations under finance leases. Depreciation is provided at rates which write
                 off the cost of the assets over the term of the relevant lease or, where it is likely the Group will obtain
                 ownership of the asset, the life of the asset, as set out in Note 3(b). Impairment losses are accounted for
                 in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 3(p)(ii). Finance charges implicit in the lease
                 payments are charged to profit or loss over the period of the leases so as to produce an approximately
                 constant periodic rate of charge on the remaining balance of the obligations for each accounting period.
                 Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

         (iii)   Operating lease charges
                 Where the Group has the use of assets held under operating leases, payments made under the leases
                 are charged to profit or loss in equal instalments over the accounting periods covered by the lease term,
                 except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the
                 leased asset. Lease incentives received are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the
                 aggregate net lease payments made. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting
                 period in which they are incurred.

     (d) Programming costs
         (i)     Programming library
                 Programming library consists of presentation rights for acquired programmes for showing on the
                 Group’s television channels, film rights and films in progress produced by the Group and perpetual film
                 rights acquired by the Group.

                 Presentation rights for acquired programmes are capitalised as intangible assets and stated in the
                 consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                 accumulated impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Amortisation is charged to profit or loss in accordance
                 with a formula on an accelerated basis (i.e. double-declining method depending on the licence period).
                 Subsequent expenditure, which may include subtitling costs and dubbing costs, on programmes after
                 initial acquisition is recognised as an expense when incurred unless it is probable that the expenditure
                 would enable the programmes to generate future economic benefits in excess of their originally
                 assessed standard of performance and the expenditure could be measured and attributed to the assets
                 reliably.



                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (d) Programming costs (Continued)
                     (i)      Programming library (Continued)
                              Film rights produced by the Group and perpetual film rights acquired by the Group are capitalised as
                              intangible assets and stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses
                              (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Costs of film rights produced by the Group and perpetual film rights acquired by the
                              Group represent the carrying value transferred from films in progress upon completion and the purchase
                              price of the perpetual film rights respectively. Amortisation is charged to profit or loss over the
                              contracted number of future showings.

                              Films in progress are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Costs include
                              all direct costs associated with the production of films. Costs of films are transferred to film rights upon
                              completion.

                     (ii)     Live programmes and in-house developed programmes
                              Live programmes consist of third party feed programmes while in-house developed programmes consist
                              primarily of news, documentary and general entertainment programmes with short lead-time from
                              production to telecast. The costs of both types of programmes are charged to profit or loss upon
                              telecast. Payments of programme costs made in advance or in arrears are recorded as prepayments or
                              accruals, as appropriate.

            (e) Other intangible assets
                     The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite
                     useful lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
                     indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
                     an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.

                     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash
                     generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life
                     is reviewed annually to determine whether indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the
                     change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

                     (i)      Club debentures
                              The Group’s club debentures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group
                              at cost less impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).

            (f)      Inventories
                     Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted
                     average basis and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing
                     the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
                     ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
                     make the sale.




92   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (g) Financial instruments
         (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                The Group initially recognises trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, deposits and
                borrowings on the date on which they are originated. All other financial instruments are recognised on
                the trade date, which is the date on which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                the instrument.

                A financial asset or financial liability (unless it is trade and other receivables without a significant financing
                component) is measured initially at fair value plus, in the case of an item not at fair value through profit or
                loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Transaction
                costs of financial assets or liabilities carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit or loss. Trade and other
                receivables without a significant financing component are initially measured at transaction price.

         (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost, fair value through
                other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or FVTPL. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
                their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its business model for managing
                financial assets.

                A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                designated as at FVTPL:

                —     the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual
                      cash flows; and

                —     the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                      payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                Trade and other receivables, including balances due from group companies are classified as financial
                assets at amortised cost. All other financial assets are classified and measured at fair values.

                Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
                gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
                recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets at FVTPL and FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                values.

                Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. Financial liabilities at amortised
                cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
                and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition
                is also recognised in profit or loss. Trade and other payables, including balances due to group
                companies and interest-bearing borrowings are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. The
                Group does not have financial liability measured at FVTPL.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (g) Financial instruments (Continued)
                     (iii)    Derecognition
                              Financial assets
                              The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
                              financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in
                              which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in
                              which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and
                              it does not retain control of the financial asset. The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers
                              assets recognised on its statement of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the
                              risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In such cases, the transferred assets are not derecognised.

                              Financial liabilities
                              The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
                              or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash
                              flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the
                              modified terms is recognised at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                              liability extinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognised in profit or loss.

                     (iv)     Offsetting
                              Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
                              financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
                              amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                              simultaneously. Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted under HKFRSs,
                              or for gains and losses arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the Group’s trading
                              activity.

            (h) Cash and cash equivalents
                     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                     financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts
                     of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of
                     maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
                     cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the
                     consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group.




94   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (i)   Revenue recognition
           The Group recognises different types of revenue, as follows:
           (i)    The Group enters into individual or packaged and fixed price subscription sale contracts with customers
                  in which, it may include single or multiple elements of subscription television services, internet access
                  service and telephony service. Under such arrangements, the total transaction price receivable from
                  customers is allocated among the Group’s performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price
                  basis. The Group estimates the standalone selling price at contract inception based on the observable
                  retail prices of the respective performance obligations in similar circumstances to similar customers.
                  Revenue allocated to the subscription television services, internet access services and telephony
                  services is recognised over time when the services are provided, which is generally over the contract
                  period. In general, customers are invoiced according to agreed billing schedules set out in the customer
                  contracts, invoices are usually billable in advance of the services to be rendered and are due for
                  payments within 15 days.
           (ii)   Advertising revenue net of agency deductions is recognised on telecast of the advertisement. When an
                  advertising contract covers a specified period, the related revenue is recognised evenly over the
                  specified period. Customers are invoiced according to agreed billing schedules, in advance of the
                  advertising services, with payments due within 30 days. In case of non-cash consideration under barter
                  transactions, the fair value of the non-cash consideration is measured at the inception of contracts. If
                  the fair value cannot be reasonably estimated, the Group measures consideration indirectly by reference
                  to the standalone selling price of the services promised to the customer in exchange for the
                  consideration.
           (iii) Revenue from theatrical distributions is recognised when the films are exhibited.
           (iv) Revenue from distribution of films is recognised upon delivery of the master tapes to the customers.
           (v)    Income from licensing of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes
                  concerned in accordance with the terms of the licence contracts.
           (vi) Income from network maintenance and operations is recognised at the time when services are provided.
           (vii) Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal installments over
                  the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
                  pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                  recognised in profit or loss as integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivables. Contingent
                  rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.
           (viii) Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

           Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer are capitalised as contract acquisition costs if
           the Group expects to recover these costs. Costs of obtaining a contract are amortised on a straight-line basis
           over the terms of the specific contracts.

           The period between the transfer of promised goods and services to the customers and payments by
           customers usually is within one year, as a result, there is no financing component which requires adjustment
           of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

           If the payments by customers exceed the services rendered, a contract liability is recognised as receipts in
           advance and customers’ deposits on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (j)      Borrowings
                     Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                     measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
                     redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
                     method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the
                     extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until
                     the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will
                     be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of
                     the facility to which it relates.

                     Borrowings are removed from the statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the contract
                     is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has
                     been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                     transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as other income or finance costs.

                     Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                     of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

            (k) Borrowing costs
                     Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                     necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of
                     the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                     The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
                     for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
                     the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
                     when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
                     interrupted or complete.

            (l)      Share-based compensation
                     The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee
                     services received in exchange for the grant of share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to
                     be expensed over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted at the
                     date of grant, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions. At the end of each reporting period,
                     the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest. It recognises the impact of
                     the revision of original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding
                     adjustment to equity.

                     The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital when the
                     options are exercised. On lapse of share options according to the plan, corresponding amount recognised in
                     share option reserve is transferred to retained profits.

                     The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
                     in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                     reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
                     subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.



96   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (m) Income tax
         Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
         and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
         they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
         amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax is
         the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
         at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
         the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
         tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

         Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
         tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
         tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those
         temporary differences and losses. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax
         assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing
         taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same
         taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the
         deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be
         carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary
         differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is,
         those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable
         entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

         The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
         arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit
         (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in
         subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal
         and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible
         differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be
         available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

         The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
         settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
         at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. The carrying amount
         of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no
         longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit of part or all of
         that deferred tax asset to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable
         that sufficient taxable profits will be available. Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of
         dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related dividends is recognised.

         Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
         other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
         against deferred tax liabilities, if the entity has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
         current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:



                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (m) Income tax (Continued)
                     (i)      In the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
                              realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

                     (ii)     In the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                              authority on either:

                              (1)      the same taxable entity; or
                              (2)      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                                       liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                                       and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

            (n) Translation of foreign currency
                     Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                     the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                     financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar. The Company’s functional currency is Hong Kong
                     dollar.

                     Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                     transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
                     foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
                     profit or loss.

                     Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
                     translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
                     denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair values are translated using the foreign exchange rates
                     ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

                     The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
                     the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are
                     translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
                     resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in
                     equity in the exchange reserve.

                     On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
                     operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.




98   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (o) Related parties
         (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;
                (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or
                (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

         (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                (1)   The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                      subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
                (2)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                      member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
                (3)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
                (4)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third parties.
                (5)   The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                      entity related to the Group.
                (6)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).
                (7)   A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
                (8)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                      services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

         Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
         influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

     (p) Impairment of assets
         (i)    Impairment of financial assets
                The Group recognises loss allowances for lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade and other
                receivables. For bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowances
                are measured as 12-month ECL. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events
                over the expected life of a financial instrument. 12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from
                default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). In all cases, the maximum period considered
                when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit
                risk.

                When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that
                is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment
                and including forward-looking information. In all cases, the maximum period considered when estimating
                ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (p) Impairment of assets (Continued)
                      (i)      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                               Measurement of ECLs and presentation of ECLs in the statement of financial position
                               ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. They are measured as follows:

                               —        financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash
                                        shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the
                                        contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive);
                               —        financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross
                                        carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows;
                               —        undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash
                                        flows that are due to the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the
                                        Group expects to receive; and
                               —        financial guarantee contracts: the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts
                                        that the Group expects to recover.

                               Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying
                               amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss.

                               Write-off
                               The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
                               there is no reasonable expectations of recovering the financial asset. This is generally the case when the
                               Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate
                               sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are
                               written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures
                               for recovery of amounts due.

                      (ii)     Impairment of other assets
                               Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                               indications that the following assets may be impaired or, an impairment loss previously recognised no
                               longer exists or may have decreased:

                               —        property, plant and equipment;
                               —        programming library (including film rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress);
                               —        intangible assets; and
                               —        investments in subsidiaries and associate in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                               If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for intangible
                               assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the
                               recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.




100   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (p) Impairment of assets (Continued)
         (ii)    Impairment of other assets (Continued)
                 —    Calculation of recoverable amount
                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                      in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                      value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                      money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                      independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                      group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                 —     Recognition of impairment losses
                       An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                       generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                       in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in
                       the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
                       reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if
                       determinable).

                 —     Reversals of impairment losses
                       In respect of assets, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                       estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

                       A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                       determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                       are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

         (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                 Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                 Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, “Interim Financial
                 Reporting”, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                 Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of
                 the reporting period (see Note 3(p)(i) and (ii)).

     (q) Segment reporting
         Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
         statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating
         decision maker for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
         various lines of business and geographical locations.

         Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
         segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
         services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
         the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
         are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (r)      Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
                      (i)      Financial guarantees issued
                               Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments
                               to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs because a
                               specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

                               Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued.
                               The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of

                               •        the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9
                                        Financial Instruments and
                               •        the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                                        recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                                        Customers.

                               The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                               flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that
                               would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third
                               party for assuming the obligations.

                      (ii)     Provisions and contingent liabilities
                               Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal
                               or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic
                               benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time
                               value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to
                               settle the obligation.

                               Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                               estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                               economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                               occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                               unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

             (s) Employee benefits
                      Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
                      cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
                      employees of the Group, except to the extent that they are included in the cost of property, plant and
                      equipment and programming library not yet recognised as an expense. Where payment or settlement is
                      deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.




102   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


4.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
     The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” from January 1, 2018. In accordance
     with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15, the Group has adopted the new standard using modified retrospective
     method with the cumulative effect of initial application recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of
     accumulated losses on January 1, 2018, the comparative figures have not been restated.

     The accounting policies were changed to comply with HKFRS 15, which replaced the provision of HKAS 18
     “Revenue” and the related interpretations for the recognition, classification and measurement of revenue and costs.

     In summary, the following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of
     financial position as the date of initial application (January 1, 2018):

                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                  2017                      Effect of                January 1,
                                                                          As previously                  adoption of                      2018
                                                                              reported                    HKFRS 15                    Restated
                                                                              HK$’000                      HK$’000                     HK$’000


     Contract acquisition costs                                                        –                       33,903                    33,903
     Accumulated losses                                                       (6,731,871)                      33,903                (6,697,968)


     Accounting for costs incurred to obtain a contract
     As at January 1, 2018, for uncompleted contracts with customers, the related commission paid for acquiring the
     contracts amounted to HK$33,903,000. In previous years, commission costs were expensed as incurred. However,
     in the current year, costs related directly to the contracts were capitalised as costs to obtain a contract following the
     adoption of HKFRS 15 as they are expected to be recovered and included in contract acquisition costs in the
     consolidated statement of financial position on January 1, 2018, resulting in net adjustment to accumulated losses
     of the same amount. The asset is amortised on a straight line basis over the term of the specific contract it relates
     to, consistent with the pattern of recognition of the associated revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2018,
     the Group recognised amortisation of HK$19,755,000, which increased cost of providing services and increased
     loss after taxation by the same amount, and capitalised commission of HK$24,911,000.

     Financial statement line items which are affected in the current reporting period by application of HKFRS 15 are as
     follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31, 2018
                                                                            Without the                  Effect of
                                                                            adoption of                adoption of
                                                                             HKFRS 15                   HKFRS 15                  As reported
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


     Selling, general and administrative and other
       operating expenses                                                         367,463                       (5,156)                  362,307




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      4.     CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY (Continued)
             Accounting for costs incurred to obtain a contract (Continued)
             Financial statement line items which are affected in the current reporting period by application of HKFRS 15 are as
             follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                         As at December 31, 2018
                                                                                                 Without the      Effect of
                                                                                                 adoption of    adoption of
                                                                                                  HKFRS 15       HKFRS 15      As reported
                                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


             Contract acquisition costs                                                                    –        39,059             39,059
             Accumulated losses                                                                   (7,192,615)       39,059         (7,153,556)


             Presentation of contract liabilities
             Reclassifications were made as at January 1, 2018 to be consistent with the terminologies used under HKFRS 15:

             •        Contract liabilities in relation to advance payments from customers were previously presented as receipts in
                      advance

             As at January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2018, receipts in advance amounting to HK$115,318,000 and
             HK$90,470,000 respectively represented contract liabilities in relation to advance payments made by the customers
             while the underlying services are yet to be provided under HKFRS 15.

      5.     ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
             (a) Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets
                      Management considers the key source of estimation uncertainty lies in the recognition of deferred tax assets
                      from unused tax losses. These tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely and have no expiry date. Deferred
                      tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
                      which they can be utilised. Management reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets at the end of
                      each reporting period, based on the forecast results of the Group and the forecasts of future taxable profits of
                      the relevant entities with recognised deferred tax assets. The forecasts take into account the expected growth
                      of the business due to the new business development and the approved business plans. Significant
                      judgement is involved in assessing whether there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profits will be
                      available in view of a history of recent losses, including estimating the projected future taxable profits and the
                      timing of the utilisation of tax losses. In the event that the Group’s estimates of projected future taxable profits
                      due to changes in operating environment and business strategies would impact the timing or extent of the
                      Group’s ability to utilise the tax loss carry-forwards in the future, adjustments to the recorded amount of
                      deferred tax assets would be required. For the purpose of sensitivity analysis, if the gross revenue for each
                      year in the forecasts were to decrease by 5% as compared with the forecasted amounts, deferred tax assets
                      of about HK$44 million would not have been recovered within the forecast periods.




104   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


5.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Impairment of property, plant and equipment and programming library
          Management regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and will recognise an
          impairment loss if the carrying amount of an asset or a cash generating unit is higher than its recoverable
          amount which is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use.

          Management uses the value in use model to assess the present value of the estimated future cash flows
          expected to arise from the continuing use of the assets and to determine the recoverable amounts of the cash
          generating unit to which property, plant and equipment and programming library are allocated. The cash
          generating unit identified for such impairment assessment is the Group as a whole. Significant judgement is
          involved in the identification of the cash generating unit to which the assets are allocated, in assessing whether
          cash inflows are largely independent and in determining the key assumptions adopted in the cash flow
          forecast, including forecast revenue, forecast programming costs, forecast network and other expenses,
          annual growth rates, long term growth rate and discount rate under value in use calculation. Changes in the
          assumptions of the Group’s estimates of projected cash flows due to changes in operating environment,
          uncertainty in the expected growth in business and change in discount rate and long term growth rate would
          impact the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit. For the purpose of sensitivity analysis, if the long
          term growth rate is reduced by 2% and the discount rate is increased by 2%, there would still be sufficient
          headroom for the impairment assessment.

          Recoverable amounts of acquired programmes, films rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress are
          estimated based on the projected future revenue to be derived from all applicable territories and windows less
          cost of disposal, taking into account historical performances of films and programmes with comparable
          budgets, casts, or other relevant qualities. Impairment is made for carrying costs that are in excess of the
          expected future revenue to be generated by these programmes and films.

          Films in progress are stated at cost less any impairment, taking into account the project status and estimated
          recoverable value. If revenue actually generated were to fall short of forecasts, or there are changes in total
          contracted number of showings, amortisation may need to be changed, or impairment may need to be made
          to reduce the carrying value of individual programme or film to its recoverable amount. Actual results may
          differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s businesses.
     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
     manage these risks are described below.

     (a) Credit risk
          The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables. Management has a defined
          credit policy in place with general credit terms ranging from 0 to 15 days in respect of television subscription,
          and internet and multimedia services and from 0 to 30 days in respect of advertising services. The exposure
          to credit risks is monitored on an ongoing basis. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk
          from customers receivables as the customers’ bases were widely dispersed in different sectors. Subscription
          revenue from customers is settled mainly in cash or via major credit cards.

          Other receivables are considered to have low credit risk. These assets are continuously monitored by
          assessing the credit quality of the counter parties, taking into account past experiences and other factors.
          Where necessary, provision for impairment loss is made for estimated irrecoverable amounts. As at December
          31, 2018 and 2017, the other receivables were fully performing.

          The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of the trade and other receivables
          in the consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      6.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (Continued)

             (b) Liquidity risk
                      Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding through an
                      adequate amount of committed credit facilities and its compliance with lending covenants. The Group’s
                      objective is to maintain a balance between the continuity of funding and the flexibility through use of interest-
                      bearing borrowings. As disclosed in Note 2, certain measures have been taken by the Directors to mitigate
                      the liquidity pressures faced by the Group.

                      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities
                      at the end of the reporting period, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
                      payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
                      period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                      2018                                                           2017
                                                                     Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                           Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                                                  Carrying
                                                                                                                   amount                                               Carrying amount
                                                                                                                     in the                                                        in the
                                                               Within        More than          Total        consolidated       Within      More than                      consolidated
                                                                1 year       1 year but   contractual           statement       1 year          1 year Total contractual statement of
                                                                 or on        less than undiscounted           of financial      or on        but less undiscounted             financial
                                                              demand            2 years     cash flow             position    demand      than 2 years        cash flow          position
                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000              HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


                      Trade payables                            49,567                –           49,567           49,567      17,150                –          17,150            17,150
                      Accrued expenses and other
                         payables                              248,390           21,068          269,458          269,458     235,771          21,068          256,839          256,839
                      Customers’ deposits                       49,455               33           49,488           49,488      47,494             601           48,095           48,095
                      Interest-bearing borrowings              513.453                –          513.453          495,000     406,443         102,312          508,755          495,000


                                                               860,865           21,101          881,966          863,513     706,858         123,981          830,839          817,084


             (c) Interest rate risk
                      At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from the revolving loan of
                      HK$100,000,000 from Wharf Finance and HK$395,000,000 from a banking facility. The loans at variable rates
                      expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

                      At December 31, 2018, the Group’s had time deposits with bank amounting to approximately
                      HK$148,320,000 (2017: HK$566,973,000) with original maturities of 14 to 367 days (2017: 31 to 365 days).

                      Apart from the foregoing, the Group has no other significant income-generating financial assets or interest-
                      bearing financial liabilities. The Group’s revenue, expenses and cash flows are substantially independent of
                      changes in market interest rates.




106   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)

     (c) Interest rate risk (Continued)
          Effective interest rates analysis
          In respect of income-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities, the following table
          indicates their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                    Total                                    Effective interest rate
                                                                2018                     2017                    2018             2017
           Interest rate risk                                 HK$’000                  HK$’000                       %               %


           Floating rate:
           Cash at banks                                        47,519                   37,174                      0.01                        –
           Interest-bearing borrowings                        (495,000)                (495,000)                     3.73                     1.82


                                                              (447,481)                (457,826)


           Fixed rate:
           Time deposits with banks                            148,320                 566,973                         1.9                    0.79


          At December 31, 2018, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
          with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss before taxation and
          increased/decreased the accumulated losses by approximately HK$4,475,000 (2017: HK$4,578,000).

          The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss before taxation and
          accumulated losses that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the
          reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which
          expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure
          to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end
          of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s loss before taxation and accumulated losses is estimated
          as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is
          performed on the same basis for 2017.

     (d) Currency risk
          The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through trade and other receivables, restricted bank balances,
          cash and bank balances, and trade and other payables that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e.
          currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currency
          giving rise to this risk is primarily United States dollars.

          In view that the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the United States dollar under the Linked Exchange Rate
          System in Hong Kong, management does not expect that there will be any significant currency risk associated
          with recognised assets and liabilities denominated in United States dollar. It is therefore assumed that the risk
          of movements in exchange rates between Hong Kong dollar and United States dollar would be insignificant.
          Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis has been prepared.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      6.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (Continued)

             (e) Capital management
                      The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
                      going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the Company and benefits for
                      other stakeholders of the Group, and to support the Group’s stability and growth, by pricing products and
                      services commensurately with the level of risk.

                      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal capital structure
                      and shareholders return, taking into consideration the future of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and
                      projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic
                      investment opportunities.

                      The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic
                      conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
                      shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or new debt financing. The Group made no
                      changes to its capital management objectives, policies or processes during the years ended December 31,
                      2018 and 2017.

                      The Group is subject to externally imposed capital requirements.

             (f)      Fair values of financial instruments
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                      materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.

      7.     REVENUE
             The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the principal subsidiaries and
             consolidated structured entities of the Company set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

             Revenue comprises principally subscription, service and related fees for television, and internet and multimedia
             (including telephony) services. It also includes advertising revenue net of agency deductions, channel service and
             distribution fees, programme licensing income, film exhibition and distribution income, network maintenance income
             and other related income.

             As at January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2018, receipts in advance amounting to HK$115,318,000 and
             HK$90,470,000 respectively represented contract liabilities in relation to advance payments made by the customers
             while the underlying services are yet to be provided under HKFRS 15.

             Contract liabilities of HK$90,215,000 as at December 31, 2018, will be recognised as revenue in the next reporting
             period. Revenue recognised during the year ended at December 31, 2018 that was included in the contract liabilities
             balance at the beginning of the period amounted to HK$115,000,000.




108   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


8.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The Group managed its businesses according to the nature of services provided. The Group’s chief operating
     decision maker (the “CODM”), which comprises executive Director and senior management of the Company, has
     determined two reportable operating segments for measuring performance and allocating resources. The segments
     are television, and internet and multimedia.

     The television segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, domestic free television
     programme service, advertising, channel carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, network
     maintenance, and other related businesses.

     The internet and multimedia segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
     operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services as well as other related businesses.

     The CODM evaluates performance primarily based on earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and
     amortisation (“EBITDA”) and segment results before corporate expenses. The CODM defines EBITDA to mean
     earnings before interest income, finance costs, non-operating income, income tax (expense)/credit, depreciation of
     property, plant and equipment but after amortisation of programming library and contract acquisition costs.

     Inter-segment pricing is generally determined at arm’s length basis.

     Segment assets principally comprise all tangible assets with the exception of interest in an associate, deferred tax
     assets and assets managed at the corporate office. Segment liabilities include all liabilities and interest-bearing
     borrowings directly attributable to and managed by each segment with the exception of current tax liabilities,
     deferred tax liabilities and liabilities at corporate office.

     In addition to receiving segment information concerning EBITDA and segment results before corporate expenses,
     the CODM is provided with segment information concerning revenue (including inter-segment revenue).




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      8.     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
             Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the CODM for the purposes of resource
             allocation and assessment of segment performance for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 is set out
             below:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                               Television       Internet and multimedia          Others                               Total
                                                              2018        2017        2018          2017      2018        2017                    2018        2017
                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000                 HK$’000     HK$’000


             Reportable segment revenue                      821,528         913,784             320,686     321,294     32,655     41,769     1,174,869    1,276,847
             Less: Inter-segment revenue                      (8,302)          (8,627)              (208)       (208)     (3,049)    (9,582)     (11,559)      (18,417)


             Revenue from external customers                 813,226         905,157             320,478     321,086     29,606     32,187     1,163,310    1,258,430


             Revenue from contracts with
               customers:
               Timing of revenue recognition
                At a point in time                             2,085                                   –                 10,541                   12,626
               Over time                                     771,376                             320,478                 18,356                1,110,210
             Revenue from other sources:
               Rental income                                  39,765                                    –                   709                  40,474

                                                             813,226                             320,478                 29,606                1,163,310


             Reportable segment EBITDA                      (301,779)        (269,564)           116,978     116,837      7,783      4,556      (177,018)    (148,171)
             Depreciation                                   (119,814)        (128,209)            (72,380)    (73,863)     (357)      (393)     (192,551)    (202,465)


             Reportable segment results before
               corporate expenses                           (421,593)        (397,773)            44,598      42,974      7,426      4,163      (369,569)    (350,636)


             Corporate expenses and
               depreciation                                                                                                                     (119,658)     (93,305)


             Loss from operations                                                                                                               (489,227)    (443,941)
             Interest income                                                                                                                       2,327           776
             Finance costs                                                                                                                       (10,238)       (9,315)
             Non-operating income                                                                                                                 42,373       86,268
             Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                                                            (823)        3,385


             Loss for the year                                                                                                                  (455,588)    (362,827)




110   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


8.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                              December 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                     2018                         2017
                                                                                                  HK$’000                      HK$’000


     Segment assets
       Television                                                                                       874,948                  1,192,638
       Internet and multimedia                                                                          419,328                    485,979
       Others                                                                                            16,042                     27,814


                                                                                                     1,310,318                   1,706,431
     Corporate assets                                                                                   66,752                      54,879
     Interest in an associate                                                                                –                           –
     Deferred tax assets                                                                               300,525                     303,472


     Total assets                                                                                    1,677,595                   2,064,782


     Segment liabilities
       Television                                                                                       623,045                     628,941
       Internet and multimedia                                                                          250,883                     232,429
       Others                                                                                            23,612                      23,254


                                                                                                        897,540                     884,624
     Corporate liabilities                                                                               56,443                      47,778
     Current tax liabilities                                                                                 72                          86
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 –                       2,447


     Total liabilities                                                                                  954,055                     934,935


     Geographical segment:
     No geographical segment information is shown as, during the year presented, less than 10% of the Group’s
     segment revenue, segment results, segment assets and segment liabilities are derived from activities conducted
     outside Hong Kong.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      9.     LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
             Loss before taxation is stated after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                                                                                2018                     2017
                                                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000


             Interest income
             Interest income from deposits with banks                                                                             (2,327)                      (776)

             Finance costs
             Interest expenses on borrowings                                                                                     10,238                   9,315

             Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments
             Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                                540,394                 584,007
             Share-based payment                                                                                                15,636                       –
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                             32,549                  34,230

             Other items
             Depreciation
               — assets held for use under operating leases                                                                     24,011                  26,341
               — other assets                                                                                                  171,626                 178,337
             Amortisation of programming library *                                                                             121,661                 128,647
             Amortisation of contract acquisition costs                                                                         19,755                       –

             Impairment losses
               — property, plant and equipment                                                                                         –                   387
               — programming library                                                                                                   –                 3,691
             Loss allowance on trade and other receivables                                                                         7,889                 6,533
             Reversal of loss allowance on trade and other receivables                                                            (2,026)                 (213)
             Carrying amount of inventories consumed and sold                                                                    12,470                  7,100
             (Reversal)/write down of inventories                                                                                   (866)                2,960
             Rental expenses under operating leases in respect of land and buildings                                             51,681                 55,582
             Auditor’s remuneration
               — audit services                                                                                                   2,280                   2,410
               — non-audit services                                                                                                 912                     482
             Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                            1,586                     378
             Rental income under operating leases in respect of
               — subleased land and buildings                                                                                      (709)                  (1,756)
               — owned plant and machinery                                                                                      (39,765)                (41,825)
             Non-operating income
               — gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 18(b))                                                                  (31,634)                (71,508)
               — net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                          (10,739)                (14,760)

             *        Amortisation of programming library is included within programming costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group.




112   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


10 INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT
   Hong Kong and PRC profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) and at the rates of taxation
   prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates respectively.

   (a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                        2018                         2017
                                                                                                      HK$’000                     HK$’000


        Current income tax — PRC
        Provision for the year                                                                                323                         383


                                                                                                              323                         383


        Deferred income taxation (Note 25(b))
        Utilisation of prior years’ tax losses recognised                                                  1,306                       3,909
        Benefit of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                                      (2,493)                     (8,607)
        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                  1,687                         930


                                                                                                              500                     (3,768)


        Income tax expense/(credit)                                                                           823                     (3,385)


   (b) Reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the applicable tax rate:

                                                                                                            2018                        2017
                                                                                                              %                           %


        Statutory income tax rate                                                                           (16.5)                      (16.5)
        Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                 1.5                          0.3
        Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                     (0.6)                           –
        Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                                       18.2                        16.5
        Tax effect of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                                      (2.4)                        (1.3)
        Differential tax rate on subsidiaries’ income                                                           –                          0.1


        Effective income tax rate                                                                              0.2                        (0.9)




                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      11. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS
             The following disclosures are made pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622)
             and Part 2 to 4 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation (Cap. 622G) are
             as follow:

                                                                                                                     Discretionary
                                                                                                                         bonuses       Estimated
                                                                                                                           and/or    money value
                                                                                            Salaries   Retirement    performance          of other
                                                                                           and other      scheme           related       benefits           Total
               Name of directors                                          Fees              benefits contributions       bonuses        (note (iv))   emoluments
                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


               2018:
               Non-executive Directors
               Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu (Chairman)                              60                 –             –              –           3,562           3,622
               Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
                 (Vice-chairman)                                                60                 –             –              –           3,562           3,622
               Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian                                       60                 –             –              –           1,149           1,209
               Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick                                        60                 –             –              –           1,508           1,568
               Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                                           60                 –             –              –           1,508           1,568

               Executive Director
               Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu                                          60                 –             –              –           2,039           2,099

               Independent Non-executive Directors
               Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                        60                 –             –              –                –            60
               Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                                          60                 –             –              –                –            60
               Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                                          80                 –             –              –                –            80
               Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                                       80                 –             –              –                –            80

               Resigned Director
               Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William
                 (Resigned w.e.f. March 1, 2018)                                  –              372           37               –                –           409


                                                                              640                372           37               –          13,328          14,377




114   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


11. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS (Continued)
                                                                                                                             Discretionary
                                                                                                                                 bonuses
                                                                                                                                   and/or
                                                                                        Salaries         Retirement          performance
                                                                                      and other             scheme                 related                Total
         Name of directors                                           Fees               benefits       contributions             bonuses            emoluments
                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000


         2017:
         Non-executive Directors
         Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu
           (Chairman) (Note (i))                                          18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
           (Vice-chairman) (Note (i))                                     18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian (Note (i))                            18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (Note (i))                             18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (Note (i))                                18                      –                     –                     –                   18

         Executive Directors
         Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu (Note (ii))                              18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William
          (Resigned w.e.f. March 1, 2018)                                 60               2,232                    223                1,153                 3,668

         Independent Non-executive Directors
         Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Note (iii))                           18                      –                     –                     –                   18
         Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                                          60                      –                     –                     –                   60
         Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                                          80                      –                     –                     –                   80
         Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                                       65                      –                     –                     –                   65

         Resigned Directors
         Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen
           (resigned w.e.f. September 15, 2017)                           42               1,376                        4              2,032                 3,454
         Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul
           (resigned w.e.f. September 15, 2017)                           56                      –                     –                     –                   56
         Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick
           (resigned w.e.f September 15, 2017)                            56                      –                     –                     –                   56


                                                                         545               3,608                    227                3,185                 7,565

   Notes:


   (i)       These non-executive directors of the Company were appointed with effect from September 15, 2017.


   (ii)      Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2017.


   (iii)     Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2017.


   (iv)      Other benefits include share options. The value of the share options granted to the directors of the Company under the share option scheme
             represents the fair value of these options charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss, for the year in accordance with HKFRS 2.



                                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      11. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS (Continued)
             There was no compensation for loss of office and/or inducement for joining the Group paid/payable to the directors
             of the Company in respect of the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

             During the year ended December 31, 2017, certain Director’s emoluments disclosed above were paid directly by
             the Company’s former intermediate holding company, The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”), (or its wholly-owned
             subsidiaries) to the relevant Director. Wharf recovered such costs from the Group by charging management fees
             (see Note 28).

             During the year ended December 31, 2018, no retirement benefits, payments or benefits in respect of termination of
             directors’ services were paid or made, directly or indirectly, to the directors; nor are any payable (2017: HK$Nil). No
             consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services (2017: HK$Nil).
             There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate and
             connected entities (2017: None).

             During the year and at the year ended December 31, 2018, no director of the Company had or has a material
             interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the
             Company’s business to which the Company was or is a party (2017: None).

      12. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
          MANAGEMENT
             (a) Five highest paid individuals
                      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2017: two) were Directors whose emoluments are
                      disclosed in Note 11. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2017: three) individuals
                      are as follows:

                                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

                      Salaries and other benefits                                                        6,812              5,820
                      Retirement scheme contributions                                                      226                156
                      Discretionary bonuses and/or performance related bonuses                           1,164              1,668
                      Share options                                                                      1,149                  –

                                                                                                         9,351              7,644

                      The emoluments of the three (2017: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
                      bands:

                                                                                                         2018                2017
                                                                                                   Number of           Number of
                        HK$                                                                        individuals         individuals

                        1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                   –                  1
                        2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                   –                  –
                        2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                   2                  1
                        3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                   –                  1
                        3,500,001–4,000,000                                                                   1                  –

                                                                                                              3                  3



116   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


12. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
    MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (b) Emoluments of senior management
         For the year ended December 31, 2018, the emoluments of the senior management of the Group, whose
         biographical details are set out in the “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” section of
         this annual report, were within following bands:

                                                                                                          2018                        2017
                                                                                                    Number of                   Number of
           HK$                                                                                      individuals                 individuals


           Nil–1,000,000                                                                                           –                          2
           1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                                     –                          1
           2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                                     2                          –
           2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                                     2                          –
           3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                                     –                          2
           3,500,001–4,000,000                                                                                     –                          1


                                                                                                                   4                          6


13. LOSS PER SHARE
   The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of
   approximately HK$455,588,000 (2017: HK$362,827,000) and the weighted average number of 6,206,020,156
   ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) (2017: 3,585,393,489) in issue during the year.

   Weighted average number of the Shares

                                                                                                             2018                        2017


   Issued shares at January 1                                                                  6,206,020,156              2,011,512,400
   Effect of open offer (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                                  –              1,324,793,242
   Effect of loan capitalisation (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                         –                249,087,847


   Weighted average number of the Shares at December 31                                        6,206,020,156              3,585,393,489


   The diluted loss per Share equals to the basic loss per Share since the exercise of the outstanding share options
   would not have a dilutive effect on the loss per Share.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                           Network                    Furniture,    Leasehold
                                                                         assets and              fixtures, other     land and
                                                                          television                 equipment     buildings in
                                                                         production                  and motor     Hong Kong          Leasehold
                                                                           systems                     vehicles      and PRC       improvements        Total
                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000


             Cost
             At January 1, 2017                                            6,021,327                   660,246          52,666          338,764     7,073,003
             Additions                                                       188,253                      4,051               –          15,996       208,300
             Disposals                                                      (134,603)                    (4,486)         (2,014)          (3,894)    (144,997)
             Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 18(b))                                 –                          –          (8,855)               –        (8,855)
             Reclassification to inventories                                    (282)                         –               –                –          (282)
             Exchange differences                                                  –                        715           1,185              346         2,246

             At December 31, 2017                                          6,074,695                   660,526          42,982          351,212     7,129,415

             Cost
             At January 1, 2018                                            6,074,695                   660,526          42,982          351,212     7,129,415
             Additions                                                       166,339                      5,409               –           6,941       178,689
             Disposals                                                      (131,896)                   (15,602)         (2,964)         (3,886)     (154,348)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 18(b))                                 –                          –        (10,191)               –        (10,191)
             Reclassification to inventories                                    (547)                         –               –               –           (547)
             Exchange differences                                                  –                       (680)         (1,143)           (334)        (2,157)

             At December 31, 2018                                          6,108,591                   649,653          28,684          353,933     7,140,861

             Accumulated depreciation
             At January 1, 2017                                            5,209,726                   636,675          17,156          315,407     6,178,964
             Charge for the year                                             187,041                    10,265            1,495            5,877      204,678
             Impairment loss                                                     387                          –               –                –           387
             Written back on disposals                                      (134,042)                    (4,482)           (484)          (3,098)    (142,106)
             Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 18(b))                                 –                          –          (2,513)               –        (2,513)
             Reclassification to inventories                                    (245)                         –               –                –          (245)
             Exchange differences                                                  –                        712             481              282         1,475

             At December 31, 2017                                          5,262,867                   643,170          16,135          318,468     6,240,640


             Accumulated depreciation
             At January 1, 2018                                            5,262,867                   643,170          16,135          318,468     6,240,640
             Charge for the year                                             179,321                      7,568           1,302            7,446      195,637
             Written back on disposals                                      (128,867)                   (15,592)           (925)          (3,885)    (149,269)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 18(b))                                 –                          –          (3,025)               –        (3,025)
             Reclassification to inventories                                    (513)                         –               –                –          (513)
             Exchange differences                                                  –                       (675)           (536)            (315)       (1,526)

             At December 31, 2018                                          5,312,808                   634,471          12,951          321,714     6,281,944


             Net book value
             At December 31, 2018                                             795,783                   15,182          15,733           32,219      858,917


             At December 31, 2017                                             811,828                   17,356          26,847           32,744      888,775


             As at December 31, 2018, the net book value of plant and equipment of the Group held for use in operating leases
             were approximately HK$57,841,000 (2017: HK$51,918,000).




118   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


15. PROGRAMMING LIBRARY
                                                                                                        2018                         2017
                                                                                                      HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Cost
   At January 1                                                                                        772,387                     748,975
   Additions                                                                                            85,586                     114,608
   Written off                                                                                         (97,641)                     (91,196)


   At December 31                                                                                      760,332                     772,387


   Accumulated amortisation
   At January 1                                                                                        620,810                     579,668
   Charge for the year                                                                                 121,661                     128,647
   Impairment loss                                                                                           –                        3,691
   Written off                                                                                         (97,641)                     (91,196)


   At December 31                                                                                      644,830                     620,810


   Net book value
   At December 31                                                                                      115,502                     151,577


   The management of the Group undertook a review of its programming library to assess the recoverability of film
   rights. As a result of the assessment, no impairment loss was recognised during the year (2017: HK$3,691,000) .




                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      16. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


             Cost
             At January 1                                                                                                   1,218              2,062
             Disposal                                                                                                           –               (844)


             At December 31                                                                                                 1,218              1,218


             The useful lives of the club debentures are indefinite. Accordingly, no amortisation is charged to the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss of the Group during the current and the prior years. The Group completed its annual
             impairment test for the club debentures by comparing the fair values less costs of disposal of the club debentures
             to their carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period. No impairment loss was recognised during the year
             (2017: HK$Nil).

      17. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
             Details of the Group’s interest in an associate are as follows:

                                                   Form of                   Place of                                 Particulars of     Proportion of
                                                   business                  Incorporation/          Principal           issued and        ownership
               Name of associate                   structure                 operation               activities      paid up capital          interest


               FRM Film InvestCo LLC               Incorporated              State of Delaware USA   Inactive     Capital contribution           30%
                                                                                                                    US$25,000,000

             In respect of the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group has not taken into account the effect of transactions or
             events of the associate as the associate was inactive during the current year. Since the Group’s share of losses has
             already exceeded its interest in associate, the Group’s interest was recorded at HK$Nil (2017: HK$Nil) and no
             recognition of future losses is expected as the Group has no legal or constructive obligation in respect of such
             losses.




120   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
   (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
        structured entities.


                                                        Place of                                                                Particulars of         Proportion of
                                                        incorporation/                                                        issued capital,        ownership interest
         Name of company                                operation               Principal activities                             all fully paid     Directly       Indirectly

         Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited            Hong Kong               Advertising airtime and                    HK$2 divided into               –           100%
                                                                                  programme licensing                      2 ordinary shares

         Hong Kong Cable News Express Limited           Hong Kong               Advertising airtime                       HK$20 divided into               –           100%
                                                                                                                           2 ordinary shares

         Hong Kong Cable Television Limited             Hong Kong               Television and internet and     HK$750,000,000 divided into                –           100%
           (“HKC”)                                                                multimedia                    750,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Entertainment Limited                  Hong Kong               Programme production and         HK$10,000,000 divided into                –           100%
                                                                                  channel operation              10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Network Limited                        Hong Kong               Network operation                        HK$102 divided into               –           100%
                                                                                                                     100 ordinary shares and
                                                                                                                  2 non-voting deferred share

         i-CABLE Network Operations Limited             Hong Kong               Network operation                   HK$500,000 divided into                –           100%
                                                                                                                    500,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE News Limited                           Hong Kong               Programme production and         HK$10,000,000 divided into                –           100%
                                                                                  channel operation              10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Sports Limited                         Hong Kong               Programme production and         HK$10,000,000 divided into                –           100%
                                                                                  channel operation              10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Telecom Limited                        Hong Kong               Telephony                                  HK$1 divided into               –           100%
                                                                                                                            1 ordinary share

         Sundream Entertainment Limited                 Hong Kong               Film production, distribution              HK$1 divided into               –           100%
                                                                                   and licensing                            1 ordinary share

         廣州市寬訊技術服務有限公司 *                                The People’s Republic   Technical services                           HK$34,600,000                 –           100%
                                                          of China

         Fantastic Television Limited (“FTL”)**         Hong Kong               Free television broadcasting          HK$10,000 divided into          14.9%                –
                                                                                                                    9,999 ordinary shares and
                                                                                                                1 non-voting preference share

         Fantastic Entertainment Limited (“FEL”)**      Hong Kong               Programme production                       HK$1 divided into               –          14.9%
                                                                                  and acquisition                           1 ordinary share

         International Distribution Limited (“IDL”)**   Hong Kong               Programme licensing                        HK$2 divided into               –          14.9%
                                                                                  and distribution                         2 ordinary shares

         Sundream Motion Pictures Limited               Hong Kong               Film production, distribution   HK$300,000,000 divided into                –          14.9%
           (“SMPL”)**                                                              and licensing                300,000,000 ordinary shares

         Hong Kong International Business               Hong Kong               Programme production                       HK$1 divided into               –          14.9%
           Channel Limited (“HKIBCL”)**                                           and channel distribution                  1 ordinary share



                                                                                      A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
             (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
                      structured entities. (Continued)
                      *        This entity is registered as a wholly foreign owned enterprise under the People’s Republic of China law and is not audited by PwC.


                      **       The Company holds 1 non-voting preference share and 1,489 class “A” ordinary shares of FTL, which wholly owns the equity interests
                               in FEL, IDL, SMPL and HKIBCL, while the remaining 4,255 class “B” ordinary shares of FTL and 4,255 class “C” ordinary shares of
                               FTL are held by two independent trustees respectively. The entities are consolidated by the Group in accordance with HKFRSs and
                               the significant accounting policies adopted by the Group as disclosed in Note 3, as the Group is exposed to and has the rights to
                               variable returns from its involvement with the entities and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity,
                               including, but not limited to: (i) the Company’s nominated directors to the board of FTL pursuant to the right attached to the class “A”
                               ordinary shares of FTL held by the Company provided in the articles of association of FTL; (ii) the requirement of the presence of the
                               Company as a quorum in any general meeting of FTL; and (iii) veto rights over certain matters attached to class “A” ordinary shares
                               requiring the prior approval of all holders thereof of FTL such as, the modification of any of the rights attached to any of the shares of
                               FTL, alteration to the articles of association of FTL and the nature of the business of FTL, commencement of new business or activity
                               by FTL, or making of any capital commitment by FTL. The Company, being the only preference shareholder, is entitled to receive the
                               first HK$1 billion profits generated in any financial year and the ordinary shareholders of FTL shall be entitled to receive any surplus
                               dividends exceeding such amount of the same financial year on a pro rata basis. For the year ended December 31, 2018, no non-
                               controlling interests is recognised as distributable profits of FTL did not surpass the threshold for the other shareholders.


                      None of the Company’s subsidiaries or consolidated structured entities had issued any debt securities at the
                      end of the year or during the year.

                      The above table lists the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities which, in the opinion of
                      the Directors, principally affected the results of the year or formed a material portion of assets or liabilities of
                      the Group.

             (b) Disposal of subsidiaries
                      During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests in a subsidiary
                      which was property investment holding.

                                                                                                                                     2018                        2017
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


                      Property, plant and equipment (Note 14)                                                                           7,166                    6,342


                      Net assets disposed of                                                                                            7,166                    6,342


                      Consideration received                                                                                          38,800                    77,850
                      Carrying amount of net assets disposed of                                                                        (7,166)                   (6,342)


                      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 9)                                                                       31,634                    71,508


                      Analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in
                        respect of the disposal of subsidiaries:
                      Consideration received                                                                                          38,800                    77,850


                      Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents on disposal of subsidiaries                                             38,800                    77,850



122   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


19. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                             2018                         2017
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Spare parts and consumables for repair and maintenance                                                     10,130                      13,981


20. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                             2018                        2017
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                                          74,741                      54,296
   Less: loss allowance (Note 20(b))                                                                         (16,337)                    (10,474)


                                                                                                              58,404                      43,822


   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance), based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                                             2018                        2017
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


         0 to 30 days                                                                                         18,799                      14,673
         31 to 60 days                                                                                        15,239                      11,352
         61 to 90 days                                                                                        11,958                       7,606
         Over 90 days                                                                                         12,408                      10,191


                                                                                                              58,404                      43,822


         The Group’s credit policy is set out in Note 6(a).




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
             (b)      Loss allowance in respect of trade receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is
                      satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade
                      receivables directly (see Note 3(p)(i)).

                      The movement in the loss allowance during the year, is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2018           2017
                                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


                      Balance at beginning of the year                                                               10,474            5,301
                      Increase in loss allowance for the year                                                          7,889           6,533
                      Reversal of loss allowance in prior year                                                        (2,026)           (213)
                      Written off                                                                                          –          (1,147)


                      Balance at end of the year                                                                     16,337          10,474

             (c)      The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                      expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables
                      have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss
                      rates are based on the historical loss rates as adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                      macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                              average lifetime           Gross      Lifetime
                                                                                    expected           carrying    expected     Net carrying
                                                                              credit loss rate          amount    credit loss        amount
                                                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000


                      At December 31, 2018

                      Not yet due                                                                 9%     8,713          (797)         7,916
                      1 to 30 days past due                                                      13%    17,874        (2,288)        15,586
                      31 to 60 days past due                                                     13%    14,592        (1,851)        12,741
                      61 to 90 days past due                                                     15%    10,493        (1,571)         8,922
                      Over 90 days past due                                                      43%    23,069        (9,830)        13,239


                                                                                                        74,741       (16,337)        58,404


                      At December 31, 2017

                      Not yet due                                                                 7%     6,065          (442)         5,623
                      1 to 30 days past due                                                      10%    14,819        (1,428)        13,391
                      31 to 60 days past due                                                     12%    10,485        (1,300)         9,185
                      61 to 90 days past due                                                     12%     7,712          (932)         6,780
                      Over 90 days past due                                                      42%    15,215        (6,372)         8,843


                                                                                                        54,296       (10,474)        43,822




124   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


21. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                                                      2018                         2017
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Bank deposits and cash in the consolidated statement of financial position                                        196,135                     584,744
   Less: restricted bank balances*                                                                                   (18,320)                     (16,710)


   Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows                                             177,815                     568,034

   *    The restricted bank balances represent deposits made by subsidiaries of the Company to secure certain banking facilities granted to those
        subsidiaries.


22. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                      2018                         2017
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Trade payables                                                                                                     49,567                      17,150
   Accrued expenses                                                                                                  216,783                     210,516
   Other payables                                                                                                     31,607                      25,255
   Contract liabilities                                                                                               90,215                           –
   Customers’ deposits                                                                                                49,455                      47,494
   Receipts in advance*                                                                                                    –                     115,000


                                                                                                                     437,627                     415,415

   *    Upon adoption of HKFRS 15 on January 1, 2018, receipts in advance of approximately HK$115,000,000 were reclassified as contract
        liabilities.


   An ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                      2018                        2017
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                     HK$’000


   0 to 30 days                                                                                                        10,468                        9,594
   31 to 60 days                                                                                                       22,028                        3,827
   61 to 90 days                                                                                                        6,221                          848
   Over 90 days                                                                                                        10,850                        2,881


                                                                                                                       49,567                      17,150




                                                                       A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      23. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
             (a) The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                       2018            2017
                                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


                      Within one year or on demand
                        Bank loan                                                                    395,000          395,000
                        Loan from Wharf Finance                                                      100,000                –


                                                                                                     495,000          395,000


                      More than one year but within two years
                       Loan from Wharf Finance                                                             –          100,000


                                                                                                     495,000          495,000


             (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                 Interest-bearing borrowings
                                                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000


                      At January 1                                                                   495,000          590,000

                      Change from financing cash flows:
                      Drawdown of new bank loan                                                            –          100,000

                      Drawdown of other borrowing                                                          –          145,000
                      Repayment of other borrowing                                                         –           (40,000)


                                                                                                           –          205,000
                      Other change:
                      Loan capitalisation (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                –         (300,000)


                      Net changes                                                                          –           (95,000)

                      At December 31                                                                 495,000          495,000


             (c) The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ as at December 31, 2018 was
                      HK$495,000,000 (2017: HK$495,000,000), which is unsecured and carries interest at variable rates, of which
                      HK$395,000,000 was repayable on demand and HK$100,000,000 would become due on December 31,
                      2019.




126   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


24. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
   (a) Movements in components of equity
       The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
       equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
       individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                                                                          Capital and Reserves
                                                         Share         Accumulated Shares option                                    Total
                                                        capital             losses         reserve                                 equity
        Company                                        HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000                                 HK$’000


        Balance at January 1, 2017                    6,857,599             (3,879,378)                             –           2,978,221

        Changes in equity for 2017:
        Loss and total comprehensive
          income for the year                                     –         (2,097,296)                             –          (2,097,296)


        Shares issued under open offer
          (Note 24(c)(iii))                             704,029                            –                        –              704,029
        Shares issued under loan
          capitalisation (Note 24(c)(iii))              300,000                            –                        –              300,000
        Transaction costs incurred in
          respect of open offer                         (17,156)                           –                        –               (17,156)


        Balance at December 31, 2017
          and January 1, 2018                         7,844,472             (5,976,674)                             –           1,867,798

        Changes in equity for 2018:
        Loss and total comprehensive
          income for the year                                     –            (158,863)                            –             (158,863)


        Share option expense                                      –                        –               16,038                    16,038


        Balance at December 31, 2018                  7,844,472             (6,135,537)                    16,038               1,724,973


   (b) Dividends
       The board of the Directors (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended
       December 31, 2018 (2017: HK$Nil).




                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      24. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
             (c) Share capital
                      (i)      Issued share capital

                                                                                                    2018                         2017
                                                                                            Number of                    Number of
                                                                                               shares       HK$’000         shares       HK$’000


                               Ordinary shares, issued
                                 and fully paid:
                               At January 1                                            6,206,020,156       7,844,472 2,011,512,400      6,857,599
                               Shares issued under open offer
                                 (Note 24(c)(iii))                                                 –              – 3,352,520,666        704,029
                               Shares issued under loan
                                 capitalisation (Note 24(c)(iii))                                  –              –    841,987,090       300,000
                               Transaction costs incurred in
                                 respect of open offer                                             –              –              –        (17,156)


                               At December 31                                          6,206,020,156       7,844,472 6,206,020,156      7,844,472


                               In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
                               Company do not have a par value.

                               The holders of ordinary shares of the Company are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time
                               to time and are entitled to one vote per share at shareholders’ meetings of the Company. All ordinary
                               shares of the Company rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                      (ii)     Share option scheme
                               A new share option scheme was adopted by the Company on May 24, 2018 which will be valid and
                               effective for a period of ten years from the date of adoption.

                               On June 15, 2018, share options carrying the rights to subscribe for a total of 279,200,000 Shares were
                               granted to certain eligible persons under the share option scheme at an exercise price of HK$0.21 per
                               Share.

                               The fair value of the share options granted at the date of grant, June 15, 2018, was estimated at
                               approximately HK$20,771,000. The fair value is determined by Binomial model using inputs, including
                               share price of HK$0.15 per Share, exercise price of HK$0.21 per Share, volatility of 66%, risk-free rate
                               of 2.25% and dividend yield of 0%. During the period from the date of grant to December 31, 2018, no
                               share options was exercised, lapsed or cancelled.

                      (iii)    Open offer and loan capitalisation
                               In September 2017, the Company completed an open offer (the “Open Offer”) of 3,352,520,666 Shares
                               on the basis of five offer shares for every three then existing shares at the offer price of HK$0.21 per
                               offer share, for gross proceeds of HK$704,029,000 (net proceeds of HK$686,873,000) and completed
                               the conversion of the loan capitalisation amount (the “Loan Capitalisation”) of HK$300,000,000 to
                               841,987,090 Shares.




128   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


24. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (d) Nature and purpose of reserves
       (i)    Capital reserve
              The capital reserve is non-distributable. In 2004, the issued share capital of a subsidiary under the
              Group was reduced (“Capital Reduction”) and the credit arising from the Capital Reduction was applied
              to eliminate the accumulated losses standing in the statement of profit or loss of that subsidiary as at
              September 30, 2004. An undertaking was given to the Court by the subsidiary in connection with the
              Capital Reduction (the “Undertaking”). Pursuant to the Undertaking, any future recoveries or reversals of
              provisions and depreciation made by the subsidiary in respect of certain assets (“relevant assets”) held
              by the subsidiary as at September 30, 2004 to the extent that such recoveries exceed the written down
              amounts of the relevant assets, up to an aggregate amount of HK$1,958,524,266 (“Limit”), will be
              credited to a capital reserve. While any debt or liability of, or claim against, the subsidiary at the date of
              the Capital Reduction remains outstanding and the person entitled to the benefit thereof has not agreed,
              the capital reserve shall not be treated as realised profits.

              The Limit may be reduced by the amount of any increase in the issued share capital of the subsidiary or
              upon a capitalisation of distributable reserves. The Limit may also be reduced after the disposal or other
              realisation of the relevant assets by the amount of the charge to provision or depreciation made in
              relation to such asset as at September 30, 2004 less reversal as a result of such disposal or realisation.
              In the event that the amount standing to the credit of the capital reserve exceeds the Limit, the
              subsidiary shall be at liberty to transfer the amount of any such excess to the general reserves of the
              subsidiary, which shall become available for distribution. As at December 31, 2018, the Limit of the
              capital reserve, as reduced by HK$13,174,963 (2017: HK$2,306,863) related to recoveries and
              reversals of provisions of the relevant assets, was HK$819,466,005 (2017: HK$832,640,968), and the
              amount standing to the credit of the capital reserve was HK$13,984,483 (2017: HK$13,984,483).

       (ii)   Exchange reserve
              The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
              financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting
              policies set out in Note 3(n).

   (e) Distributability of reserves
       At December 31, 2018, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
       shareholders of the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies
       Ordinance, was HK$Nil (2017: HK$Nil).




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      25. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
             (a) Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                    2018         2017
                                                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


                      PRC taxation                                                                                      72          86


             (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
                      The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                      position of the Group and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                  Depreciation
                                                                                                 allowances in
                                                                                                     excess of
                                                                                                    the related       Tax
                                                                                                  depreciation     losses       Total
                        Deferred tax arising from:                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


                        At January 1, 2017                                                              54,375    (351,632)   (297,257)
                        Charged/(credited) to the consolidated statement
                          of profit or loss (Note 10(a))                                                   930      (4,698)     (3,768)


                        At December 31, 2017                                                            55,305    (356,330)   (301,025)


                        At January 1, 2018                                                              55,305    (356,330)   (301,025)
                        Charged/(credited) to the consolidated statement
                          of profit or loss (Note 10(a))                                                 1,687      (1,187)       500


                        At December 31, 2018                                                            56,992    (357,517)   (300,525)


                                                                                                                    2018        2017
                                                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


                      Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                        statement of financial position                                                           (300,525)   (303,472)
                      Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
                        statement of financial position                                                                  –      2,447


                                                                                                                  (300,525)   (301,025)


             (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised:
                      The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of unused tax losses amounting to
                      HK$3,395,516,000 (2017: HK$3,237,370,000) and deductible temporary differences of HK$6,914,000 (2017:
                      HK$1,139,000) due to the uncertainty in utilising the unused tax losses in the relevant entities. These unused
                      tax losses have no expiry date.

130   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


26. COMMITMENTS
   (a) Capital commitments outstanding as at December 31, 2018 were as follows:

                                                                                                           2018                        2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000


       Property, plant and equipment
         — Contracted but not provided for                                                                    6,012                     15,504

       Programming library
         — Contracted but not provided for                                                                  18,915                      34,703


                                                                                                            24,927                      50,207


   (b) At December 31, 2018, the total future minimum lease payments under non-
       cancellable operating leases are payable as follows:

                                                                                                           2018                        2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000


       — Within one year                                                                                    25,120                      22,723
       — After one year but within five years                                                               21,203                      25,592
       — After five years                                                                                        –                       1,322


                                                                                                            46,323                      49,637


       (i)   Operating lease commitments
             The Group leases a number of premises under operating leases mainly for use as office premises, car
             parks and warehouses. The terms of the leases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run
             for an initial period of two to fifteen years (2017: two to fifteen years), and certain leases have two option
             each for a three-year term, to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated.
             Lease payments are usually adjusted every two to three years to reflect market rentals. None of the
             leases includes contingent rentals.

             Some of the leased properties have been sublet by the Group under operating leases. The terms of the
             subleases vary and run for an initial period of two years.

             The Group leases out decoders to subscribers under operating leases which are renewable on a
             monthly basis. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      26. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
             (c) Future operating lease income
                      The total future minimum sublease payments receivable under non-cancellable subleases at December 31,
                      2018 amounted to approximately HK$48,000 (2017: HK$2,071,000). The total future minimum lease
                      payments receivable in respect of decoders under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


                      Within one year                                                                         3,185             3,388


             (d) Funding commitment under television broadcasting licences are as follows:
                      (i)      Upon acceptance of the renewal of the domestic pay television programme service licence of HKC on
                               May 29, 2017 for the period of 12 years from June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2029, HKC has become subject
                               to a commitment of a six-year investment plan of HK$3,447 million from 2017 to 2023, comprising
                               HK$251 million of capital investment and HK$3,196 million of programming investment in content
                               including in-house channels containing self-produced and/or acquired programmes as well as in
                               acquired channels.

                      (ii)     In accordance with the terms of the domestic free television programme service licence issued to FTL (the
                               “Free TV Licence”), FTL has issued a performance bond in favour of the Hong Kong Government and
                               the balance as at December 31, 2018 was HK$8 million (2017: HK$10 million). Under the terms of the
                               performance bond, unless the Communications Authority otherwise approves or determines:

                               —        within 18 months from the commencement date of the Free TV Licence (being May 31, 2016) (the
                                        “Free TV Commencement Date”), FTL should incur not less than HK$168 million as the capital and
                                        programming expenditure for providing the domestic free television programme service;

                               —        within 30 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL should incur not less than HK$336
                                        million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                                        television programme service; and

                               —        within 42 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL shall incur not less than HK$504
                                        million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                                        television programme service.

      27. GUARANTEES
             Guarantees and indemnities have been provided by the Company to a bank and Wharf Finance totally of
             HK$500,000,000 (2017: HK$500,000,000) in respect of guarantee facilities to the wholly-owned subsidiary of the
             Company. Of this amount, at December 31, 2018, HK$495,000,000 (2017: HK$495,000,000) was utilised by the
             subsidiaries of the Company.

             As at December 31, 2018, the Group has made arrangements with a bank to provide two separate performance
             bonds to the counterparties amounting to approximately HK$41.6 million, of which approximately HK$11.6 million
             was secured by bank deposits. The performance bonds are to guarantee in favour of the counterparties the Group’s
             performance in fulfilling the obligations under a contract and the capital and programming expenditure requirement
             for providing the domestic free television programme service under the domestic free television programme service
             licence (Note 26(d)(ii)).



132   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


28. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements of the
   Group, the Group entered into the following material related party transactions during the year ended December 31,
   2018:

                                                                                                           2018                         2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Rentals and related management fees on land and buildings
      paid to former fellow subsidiaries of the Company                                                              –                  33,171
   Management fees paid to a former fellow subsidiary of the Company                                                 –                   6,036
   Finance costs paid to a former fellow subsidiary of the Company                                                   –                   2,976


   In September 2017, Wharf and its subsidiaries and affiliates ceased to be related parties of the Group. Accordingly,
   the transactions with Wharf or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates were no longer included in the material related
   party transactions.

   Key management personnel remuneration
   Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the Company’s Directors as disclosed in
   Note 11 and other members of key management of the Group, is as follows:

                                                                                                           2018                        2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Short-term employee benefits                                                                               8,138                     12,946
   Post-employment benefits                                                                                     457                        407
   Equity compensation benefits                                                                               3,290                          –


                                                                                                            11,885                      13,353


29. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. There is no impact
   on net loss, net assets or net cash flows as a result of the reclassification.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      30. COMPANY LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                    2018           2017
                                                                                                         Note     HK$’000       HK$’000


             ASSETS
             Non-current assets
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                                 18(a)       2,319             9
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                       2,463,128     2,460,411


                                                                                                                 2,465,447     2,460,420


             Current assets
             Prepayments and other receivables                                                                       1,342         1,667
             Amount due from a subsidiary                                                                                –        36,000
             Bank deposits and cash                                                                                160,745       552,635


                                                                                                                   162,087       590,302


             Total assets                                                                                        2,627,534     3,050,722


             EQUITY
             Capital and reserves
             Share capital                                                                               24(c)    7,844,472     7,844,472
             Reserves                                                                                    24(a)   (6,119,499)   (5,976,674)


             Total equity                                                                                        1,724,973     1,867,798


             LIABILITIES
             Current liabilities
             Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                     7,347         1,800
             Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                           895,214     1,181,124


             Total liabilities                                                                                     902,561     1,182,924


             Total equity and liabilities                                                                        2,627,534     3,050,722


             Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 29, 2019.




             Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                                                Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
             Director                                                                Director




134   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


31. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a) Grant of loan facility by Forever Top
        On January 25, 2019, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Forever Top pursuant to which
        Forever Top agreed to grant an unsecured loan facility of principal amount up to HK$200 million to the
        Company, at the interest rate of Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate per annum, for a period up to 18 months
        from the date of the agreement.

   (b) Proposed Rights Issue
        On January 25, 2019, the Company proposed to raise not more than approximately HK$465.5 million
        (assuming no new Shares are issued and no repurchase of Shares on or before the record date for
        determining entitlements under the Rights Issue) before expenses by way of the Rights Issue to the
        shareholders on the basis of three rights shares for every four existing shares in issue, at the subscription price
        of HK$0.1 per rights share. The proposed Rights Issue will be subject to the approval of independent
        shareholders of the Company at the general meeting.

   (c) Proposed issue of the LCS to Forever Top
        On January 25, 2019, the Company entered into the LCS Subscription Agreement with Forever Top, pursuant
        to which the Company has conditionally agreed to issue, and Forever Top has conditionally agreed to
        subscribe for the LCS. The principal amount for the subscription will be the difference between HK$660 million
        and the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the proposed Rights Issue, and will be between HK$195 million
        and HK$660 million (assuming that there is no exercise of outstanding share options before the record date
        for determining entitlements under the Rights Issue). The LCS has a maturity of 10 years, with a coupon rate
        of 2% per annum, and can be convertible into shares of the Company at an initial conversion price of
        HK$0.125 per share which is subject to adjustments as set out in the LCS Subscription Agreement.

   Details are set out in the Company’s published announcement dated January 25, 2019.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   135
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

      (Expressed in HK$ million)


                                                                                2014              2015        2016                2017                2018

      Results

      Revenue                                                                  1,666              1,510      1,406               1,258                1,163
      Operating expenses                                                      (1,804)            (1,752)    (1,718)             (1,702)              (1,652)

      Loss from operations                                                       (138)            (242)        (312)               (444)               (489)
      Interest income                                                                –                –            –                   1                   2
      Finance costs                                                                 (1)              (3)          (5)                 (9)                (10)
      Non-operating (expenses)/income                                                –               (1)          (1)                86                   42

      Loss before taxation                                                       (139)            (246)        (318)               (366)               (455)
      Income tax (expense)/credit                                                   –               13            5                   3                  (1)

      Loss for the year                                                          (139)            (233)        (313)               (363)               (456)

      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                       (139)            (233)        (313)               (363)               (456)

      Assets and Liabilities

      Property, plant and equipment                                               893              874         894                  889                 860
      Programming library                                                         168              156         169                  152                 115
      Other intangible assets                                                       4                4           2                    1                   1
      Interest in an associate                                                      –                –           –                    –                   –
      Deferred tax assets                                                         303              309         306                  303                 301
      Other non-current assets                                                     58               63          43                   39                  58
      Current assets                                                              243              193         211                  681                 343

      Total assets                                                             1,669             1,599       1,625               2,065               1,678

      Current liabilities                                                         582              754       1,102                  811                 933
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                     25               17           9                    2                   –
      Other non-current liabilities                                                 9                9           9                  122                  21

      Total liabilities                                                           616              780       1,120                  935                 954

      Share capital and other statutory
        capital reserves                                                       6,858              6,858      6,858               7,844                7,844
      Reserves                                                                (5,805)            (6,039)    (6,353)             (6,714)              (7,120)

      Total equity attributable to equity
        shareholders of the Company                                            1,053               819         505               1,130                  724

      Total liabilities and equity                                             1,669             1,599       1,625               2,065               1,678

      Note:

      As the term “share capital” includes share premium account and capital redemption reserve from the commencement date of the new Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance of March 3, 2014, but not before that date, presentation of “capital and reserves” has been revised by providing further breakdown in
      order to be consistent with both the old and new terminology.




136   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 1 8
