                     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED 有線寬頻通訊有限公司
有線寬頻通訊有限公司                                                       i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
股份代號 : 1097                                                      STOCK CODE: 1097




              2020
              年 報
                                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                  A N N UA L R E P O R T




                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 年報
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                 02

Chairman’s Statement                                                  03

Business Review                                                       05

Business Model                                                        09

Business Strategy                                                     09

Environmental, Social and Governance Report                           10

Management Discussion and Analysis                                    23

Corporate Governance Report                                           33

Report of the Directors                                               55

Independent Auditor’s Report                                          77

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                              86

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                        87

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                          88

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                           90

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                  92

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                        94

Five-year Financial Summary                                         152



The English text of this annual report shall prevail over the Chinese text in case of
inconsistencies or discrepancies.
     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                         PRINCIPAL BANKER
     Non-executive Directors                                                                    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
     Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Vice-chairman)                                         SHARE REGISTRAR
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                  AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard
     Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng                                                      Tricor Tengis Limited
     Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica                                                                     Level 54, Hopewell Centre,
                                                                                                183 Queen’s Road East,
     Executive Director                                                                         Hong Kong
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
                                                                                                REGISTERED OFFICE
     Independent Non-executive Directors                                                        7th Floor, Cable TV Tower,
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP                                                          9 Hoi Shing Road,
     Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP                                                            Tsuen Wan,
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP                                                            Hong Kong
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman
                                                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
     AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                                                         Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman
                                                                                                CORPORATE WEBSITE
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                                                                www.i-cablecomm.com
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                  STOCK CODE
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
                                                                                                01097
     COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman)
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
     Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger

     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin




02   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

2020 was a year of extraordinary changes, and also a significant year for i-CABLE Communications Limited (the
“Company” or “i-CABLE”), its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (collectively the “Group”). The coronavirus
pandemic (“COVID-19”) has brought unprecedented and severe challenges globally, and Hong Kong has not escaped the
serious impact on business. I am deeply grateful that since Forever Top (Asia) Limited (“Forever Top” or the “Controlling
Shareholder”) became the controlling shareholder of i-CABLE in September 2017, with the persistent efforts of the team,
through proactive development, effective cost saving, and maximized value of resource input, we gradually improved
overall business performance despite facing various fluctuations and arduous tests. That is really encouraging.

Over the past years, the Group has implemented various cost control measures. The telecommunications business has
achieved continuous growth, with revenue seeing an average annual growth rate of approximately 9% in the past three
years. The advertising revenue of the free television channel, Hong Kong Open TV (“Open TV”), increased by
approximately 61% over last year. Although the MTR Corporation Limited (“MTR”) In-Train TV has not achieved significant
growth due to the impact of COVID-19, it is believed that when the epidemic is brought under control, this operation will
make positive contributions. In addition, airtime sales business will benefit from more new advertising formats of MTR
Mobile, to be launched this year, and the bundled selling of MTR Mobile with MTR In-Train will expand the sources of
revenue from online to offline. The Group achieved positive operating cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2020,
although it still recorded a loss for the same period, mainly due to depreciation. The Group’s 2020 positive operating cash
flow is the first time since Forever Top became the controlling shareholder of i-CABLE. I sincerely thank all the teams in
the Group for their joint efforts.

As a primary media organization commanding the largest and most influential TV viewership and communication service
user base in Hong Kong, the Group currently owns and operates a territory-wide telecommunications network covering
more than two million households. In the future, i-CABLE will continue to invest and expand its core network of fiber
coverage to actively provide customers with the best quality services and to expand new business opportunities. We will
work towards the goal of becoming a leading telecommunications network operator in Hong Kong.

At the same time, the Group plans to extend its fiber network connectivity to major data centres in Hong Kong, and has
started to provide Data Centre Interconnection and Dedicated Internet Access Line business for enterprises. With
expectations of booming market demands and opportunities for data centre business in the year 2021, the Group will
continue to extend service coverage to major data centres and commercial buildings in Hong Kong, enhancing peer-to-
peer connections with major data centres, international carriers and global internet service providers. The Group will
continue to explore collaboration with strategic telecom partners to enhance network coverage and provide IP Transit
services for enterprises, one-stop enterprise solutions and data centre connectivity business. Business-to-business
operations will be one of the future development priorities of the Group’s telecommunications business segment.

With rapid technology development in recent years, coupled with the epidemic situation, new media have achieved
unprecedented growth in leaps and bounds. In response to this trend, the consumer behavior patterns of entertainment
media are changing rapidly, and new media is bound to become a major player in the future. The Group will maintain its
competitive advantage, use powerful content to help its own online platform, strive to develop over-the-top platforms, and
actively promote them to achieve constructive contributions.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   03
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


     As a result of the persistent efforts of the management team, the Group’s business is stabilizing. While profit and loss are
     effectively managed, the efficiency of human resources is also improved. The Group will continue to work hard to carry
     out structural reforms. The expected new era of 5G network can create further opportunities for the Group. i-CABLE will
     actively improve the high-speed and high-quality network transmission services for communication providers by using
     well-established infrastructure facilities and a wide coverage of optical fiber networks to meet the rapid growth and
     expansion brought about by 5G in the market, in order to develop new sources of income for the Group.

     The world has undergone major changes, and the epidemic situation as well as economic, environmental, and social
     development changes have become the focus of public attention. i-CABLE News will continue to keep a timely pace, with
     professionalism, through objective analysis and detailed reports, to provide viewers with faster and more updated
     information. The Group will also continue to fully support the i-CABLE News team that will adhere to impartial, fair and
     objective reporting. Besides, in order to further enrich the news content, the Group has introduced a number of news
     channels from different regions during the past year. Currently, the Group provides our viewers with over 20 news
     channels at its pay television platform.

     I would like to thank all colleagues for their hard work as well as members of the board of directors for their full trust,
     advertisers for their strong support, and the alliance with our partner China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited, which
     enabled us to achieve success amid the adversity of the year 2020. For the coming year, the Group will adopt a cautious,
     but optimistic and innovative attitude, and continue to go all out to achieve the set goals.




     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




04   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                                                   BUSINESS REVIEW


OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought unprecedented challenges and profound uncertainties in the business environment.
Notwithstanding the deteriorated Hong Kong economy, the financial performance of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2020 has improved as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. The improvement was primarily driven
by the Group’s effective cost-saving initiatives and the increase in revenue from various collaborations with China Mobile
Hong Kong Company Limited (“CMHK”). The Group has also been formulating an organisation restructuring which
includes, among other things, (i) cost-saving initiatives; (ii) introduction of new contents and channels; (iii) new television
content co-operation models; and (iv) strategic review on possible restructuring of the Group’s business portfolio to
achieve cost-saving and improve profitability. On the subscription business front, keen competition has continued to
contract the subscription customer base of pay television (“Pay TV”) service while the number of subscribers of the
broadband service continued to grow from network upgrades and sales and marketing strategies. With efficacious sales
and marketing campaign and the introduction of diverse contents, the advertising revenue from Open TV improved during
the year under review, while Pay TV advertising revenue declined due to the challenging macroeconomic environment in
Hong Kong and intensified competition among over-the-top (OTT) platforms and digital media, the decline was offset by
creative selling and the introduction of value-added advertising services with comprehensive marketing solutions.

Business

                                                                                                           December                     December
                                                                                                                2020                         2019
 Customers                                                                                                     (’000)                       (’000)


 Television                                                                                                           736                         772
 Broadband                                                                                                            197                         175
 Telephony                                                                                                             76                          82


The outbreak of COVID-19 caused severe disruptions to global social and economic activities which further dampened
consumer sentiment. In addition to the blazing competition in the market, the Pay TV subscription customer base and the
subscription average revenue per user (“ARPU”) continued to contract.

The Group has continued to upgrade our broadband network in order to provide high speed Gigabit-capable Passive
Optical Network (“GPON”) services to subscribers, resulting in an increase of approximately 13% in the customer base as
at 31 December 2020 comparing to that as at 31 December 2019. The growth was also attributable to the timely
adoption of effective sales and marketing strategies and recognition from the market for the quality of network service.
Diverse service subscription packages with new contents and combination were also launched to enhance customer
retention of broadband service.

The Group currently owns and operates a territory-wide telecommunications network which covers over two million
households in Hong Kong. In year 2020, the Group continued to expand its core network of fibre coverage and increase
core network capacity to cater for both residential and commercial markets and prepare for business growth. The Group
also invested in expanding network coverage of GPON in order to provide fibre to the home (“FTTH”) high-speed internet
services to subscribers. The Group has strived to stabilise the broadcasting and hybrid fibre coaxial (HFC) network to
secure high transmission quality and widen network availability.




                                                                 A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   05
     BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)


     OPERATING ENVIRONMENT (Continued)
     Business (Continued)
     One of the Group’s major sources of revenue in the telecommunications segment was generated from the various
     collaborations with CMHK in full range covering, among other things, contents, network consultation and rollout as well as
     mobile business. We keep utilising our network expertise and strength to facilitate the design, planning and installation of
     CMHK’s infrastructure work in Hong Kong. The Group will continue to explore new partnership opportunities to sustain
     business growth in year 2021.

     Open TV witnessed revenue growth with huge demand of airtime sales during the year ended 31 December 2020. The
     introduction of new sales initiatives and diversified advertising solutions led to an increase in sales in digital and social
     media platforms. Overall, the advertising revenue from Open TV achieved an impressive year-to-year growth in year 2020
     amid deteriorating economic conditions. Subscription revenue from Pay TV declined due to intense market competition
     from OTT platforms and digital media. The decline was partially offset by creative selling and the introduction of value-
     added advertising services with comprehensive marketing solutions. The Group will continue to offer integrated marketing
     solutions, creative content sponsorship, product placement and multi-platform media bundling in order to capture more
     business opportunities and expand revenue sources in year 2021 and beyond.

     As the exclusive commercial airtime sales distributor and content provider for the MTR In-train TV of MTR, we continue to
     provide exciting contents, including local and international news, financial news, sports news, entertainment news and
     infotainment, to passengers throughout the day. Impacted by the closure of Lo Wu and Lok Ma Chau stations due to
     COVID-19, the flow of people across the border dropped significantly, together with the prevalent domestic and external
     headwinds, advertisers acted prudently on advertising spending, some of the committed advertising plans were deferred
     and leading to the decline in revenue brought by MTR In-train TV. The Group adopted various approaches to mitigate the
     impact of this challenging situation including offering tailor-made mini-programmes and integrated advertising solutions to
     identify and capitalise on new business opportunities. The bundled selling of MTR Mobile with MTR In-train TV in year
     2020 opened a new source of income, created new sales formats from off to on media platforms. It also initiated interests
     of potential advertisers to successfully drive new business revenue. The Group will continue to enhance our sales and
     marketing strategies in order to facilitate the resilience of business operations against future crises, it is expected that the
     Group will benefit from the expansion of new lines and new trains when they are put into service from year 2021 onwards.

     The Group consolidated our advantages and reinforced our strength across media platforms in year 2020 by amplifying
     our audience reach and introducing new genres of content to different platforms. Since its rollout in September 2019,
     i-CABLE News OTT App reached over 0.6 million downloads by 31 December 2020. The Group has always set its sight
     on delivering first-hand news, finance, sports as well as lifestyle content. In light of this goal, the Group produced and
     introduced a vast variety of new programmes in year 2020, including “Shopping with Pretty” (靚女掃貨團), “Patrick’s
     Kitchen” (泰山自煮之親子便當), “Listen to the Doctor” (聽吓醫生講), “Good Morning Principle” (校長！早晨), “Chit Chat
     with Mum” (講媽Beli Bala) and “King of Postnatal Care Helper” (陪月王之坐月餐).

     In June 2020, i-CABLE introduced enhanced version of its mobile application, i-CABLE Mobile, by adding two free
     television channels — Open TV (Channel 77) and Hong Kong International Business Channel (Channel 76). In addition, a
     wider range of content, including free and paid content, is available on-demand. While compatible with both iOS and
     Android smartphones and tablets, viewers can watch their favourite programmes at all times on-the-go.




06   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                          BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)


OPERATING ENVIRONMENT (Continued)
Business (Continued)
The Group has implemented several ways to achieve resource optimisation throughout the year including reinforcing
collaboration with various strategic partners, enriching our content and refining channel line-up to highlight our unique
strength of genres. The Group will continue to unlock greater synergistic value by introducing premium content for multiple
platforms, especially mobile application, and expanding revenue streams in oversea markets.

Programming
As an established and popular betting channel in Pay TV market, Channel 18 maintains enormous popularity in horse-
racing circle due to its professional production and commentaries. Immense vibrant programmes are produced to widen
customer base. “Racing Popularity~Sanchez” (珊姐有約) and “Emily’s Racing Series” (Emily賽馬世界) are the brand new
series that bring the most updated entertaining stories of local racing circle, while “18 Betting Tower” (18烽火台) provides
audience with professional betting information and analysis. In response to Hong Kong Jockey Club’s new bet-type, “The
Forecast” (二重彩), “Forecast Talk” (開心二重奏) were specially produced to provide audience with specific insight and
betting tips.

On the sports front, major sports events were cancelled or postponed due to COVID-19. The Group continued to deliver
exclusive sports events to viewers such as UEFA Nations League (歐洲國家聯賽), European Qualifiers to EURO 2020 (歐
洲國家盃外圍賽), J.League (日本職業足球聯賽), Russian Football Premier League (俄羅斯超級足球聯賽), German Cup
(德國盃足球賽), Chinese Basketball League (中國職業籃球聯賽), etc.. The Group introduced two self-produced
programmes, namely “Beyond Adversity” (高山低谷) and “Insider 2020” (體壇打不死) to fill in the window period in the
sports calendar. The Group also offered world-class sports leagues and tournaments such as Serie A (意大利甲組足球聯
賽), Ligue 1 (法國甲組足球聯賽), Major League Soccer (美國職業足球賽), AFC Championship League (亞冠盃) and so
forth.

As the COVID-19 situation remained severe throughout the year, Open TV (Channel 77) endeavoured to produce new
variety programmes within the territory and with the support from various government departments. Programme highlights
included “Best of Cha Chaan Teng” (茶餐廳龍虎榜), “Pet Shop Keeper” (貓店長), “Drink Around HK” (酒勻全香港),
“Unplugged Sunday” (5個星星的晚上), “Undercover Takeaway” (餓底外賣員), “Ode to Heritage” (難得有傳人), “Police
Story” (守護香港的故事), “Stand by You” (無署不在) and “Original Group” (原始組). All these programmes arouse viewers’
awareness and interest resulted in an improvement in TV ratings in the second half of last year.

In the fourth quarter, the Group enriched its Pay TV content by acquiring new channels including Russia Today TV,
Outdoor Channel and Al Jazeera English, aiming to complement i-CABLE’s highly recognised, award-winning news and
creative local production programmes, and provide a range of new international genres for our Pay TV subscribers.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   07
     BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)


     OPERATING ENVIRONMENT (Continued)
     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Facing the Group
     The following principal risks and uncertainties are considered to be of significance and have the potential to affect the
     Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial conditions. However, this is non-exhaustive as there may be other
     risks and uncertainties arising, resulting from changes in the economy and other conditions over time.

     The media segment is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super dominant operator and
     changing user behavior. A wider range of contents is available on new platforms and various mobile devices for users to
     select and view anytime and anywhere. An abundant supply of contents intensified competition, which further weakened
     the demand for our subscription content. At the same time, competition is getting keener as a result of the fast
     development of new media in the market. Although the operating results of the Group has improved during the year
     ended 31 December 2020, enhancing our competitiveness is one of the essential elements to keep in pace with the
     media market, the Group will make prudent and necessary investment in content and infrastructure to strengthen our
     competitiveness.

     The telecommunications segment is faced with fast changing technology and customers are constantly demanding for
     better quality and higher-speed internet service. The Group’s operations depend on its ability to innovate and upgrade its
     services and the successful deployment of new technologies. The Group will continue to enhance its network and bring
     better quality service to the customers. The enhancement would strengthen our competitiveness and bring in revenue
     growth potential.

     Recurrent losses have weakened the Group’s financial position and increased its dependency on external financing.

     The Group also exposed to certain financial risks which are set out in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in
     this annual report.




08   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                                                      BUSINESS MODEL


The Group is an integrated communications services provider in Hong Kong, commanding a large and influential television
viewer and communications service user base in town.

It owns and operates a near universal wireline telecommunications network in Hong Kong to provide media and
telecommunications services to over two million households.

It is also one of the producers of television and multimedia content based in Hong Kong for distribution over conventional
and new media, with a particular focus on news, information, sports and entertainment.


                                                                                            BUSINESS STRATEGY
The Group endeavours to sharpen its services to attain higher customer satisfaction, which in turn drives business and
revenue performance. Specifically, the Group pursues the following:

(a)   acquire, produce and distribute quality content meeting local tastes and needs;

(b)   invest in infrastructure, network and delivery platforms to enhance service level and customer convenience;

(c)   unlock the value of our infrastructure as well as programming assets for cross-platform and international distribution;
      and

(d)   continuously better our processes and procedures to always stay cost-effective.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   09
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ABOUT THIS REPORT
     As a responsible corporate citizen, i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and consolidated
     structured entities (collectively the “Group”) are committed to responding to the challenges of climate change by adopting
     environmental protocols for our operations. We are also dedicated to creating a favourable environment for our staff
     members; providing resources to support their growth and development; as well as promoting staff engagement in social
     undertakings and volunteer work.

     Reporting Scope
     This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) report summarises the efforts made and accomplishments of the
     Group in Corporate Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) during the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (the
     “Reporting Period”) in accordance with the “comply or explain” provisions of Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and
     Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG Guide”) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). With in-depth consideration on various areas such as
     source of income and scale of businesses which reflects the significance of ESG impact, the ESG working group
     reckoned that scope of this ESG report covers our key business operations in the provision of media and
     telecommunications activities in Hong Kong. Details of the establishment and duties of the ESG working group are set out
     in the section headed “ESG Governance”.

     ESG Governance
     Our Group is committed to fulfilling stakeholders’ expectations on our ESG practices. The board (the “Board”) of directors
     (the “Directors”) of the Company has the overall responsibility for the Company’s ESG strategy and reporting and is
     responsible for ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal controls systems are in place.

     We have established an ESG working group, which reports to the management of the Group and the Board, with
     representatives from different functions, including the Finance, Human Resources and Administrative departments, to
     collect the ESG data and facilitate the ESG reporting process. The ESG working group monitors issues that are material
     to the Group’s operations, and schedules meetings in updating new policies and mechanisms in improving the
     management of the Group’s strategic goals in sustainable development. In addition, the ESG working group evaluates the
     impact, efficiency and effectiveness of policies that are already in place, and takes remedial actions if the ESG policies are
     not properly implemented. Our management executes the ESG strategies determined by the Board and performs ongoing
     monitoring of the ESG-related risks. As part of the Group’s internal control systems, a professional consultant has been
     engaged for annual assessment of the internal control and risk management systems so as to identify any deficiencies
     and provide recommendations for improvement accordingly.




10   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


ABOUT THIS REPORT (Continued)
Stakeholder Engagement
With the aim to align the Group’s long term sustainability goals with its current vision and mission, we recognise the
importance of integrating our stakeholders’ expectations and requests and of truly understanding their concerns.

We actively engage our stakeholders and provide updates on our recent developments through diverse engagement
channels. The table below highlights our key stakeholders and our communication channels:

 Stakeholder Group                          Engagement Channels

 Employees                                  •    Internal emails and publications
                                            •    Meetings and briefings
                                            •    Training and workshops
                                            •    Employee activities
                                            •    Performance appraisal

 Clients                                    •    Corporate website
                                            •    Client meetings

 Investors and Shareholders                 •    Annual general meeting
                                            •    Annual and interim report
                                            •    Press release and announcements
                                            •    Shareholders meeting
                                            •    Investors analysts meeting

 Suppliers, Contractors and                 •    Business meeting
   Business Partners                        •    Site visits

 Government and Regulators                  •    Email and phone communications

 Social Groups and Public                   •    Email and phone communications
                                            •    Volunteer activities
                                            •    Sponsorships and donations

 Media                                      •    Press release
                                            •    Public events




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   11
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     ABOUT THIS REPORT (Continued)
     Materiality Assessment
     Through our established engagement channels, we have identified relevant ESG issues and assessed their materiality to
     our businesses as well as to our stakeholders.

     The materiality assessment process is set out as follows:

     •        Identification of potential issues: Screening of initial reference issues with reference to the ESG Guide, and peer
              benchmarking ideas against suitable peer companies to pinpoint material ESG issues performed.
     •        Stakeholder evaluation: Internal and external stakeholders, who possess significant dependency of influence on the
              Company, are invited to rank the importance of each ESG issue via established engagement channels and
              interviews.
     •        Prioritisation: The results from issues identification and stakeholder evaluation are combined to generate ESG
              materiality ranking.
     •        Validation: The ESG working group of the Company validates and confirms the key material ESG issues, and how
              they link to the respective Aspects and key performance indicators (“KPIs”) of the ESG Guide.

     In accordance with the results from the stakeholder engagement exercises, we have placed greater emphasis on ESG
     issues relating to product responsibility, employee safety, supply chain management and environmental protection. The
     table below highlights the ESG issues which were determined to be material to the Group covered in this report:

         #     Material ESG Issues                                                              Aspects in the ESG Guide
         1     •       Service Commitment                                                       B6: Product Responsibility
               •       Intellectual Property Rights
               •       Personal Data Policy
         2     •       Employee Health and Safety                                               B2: Health and Safety
         3     •       Supply Chain Management                                                  B5: Supply Chain Management
         4     •       Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions                                         A1: Emissions
               •       Waste Management
         5     •       Energy Management                                                        A2: Use of Resources
               •       Water Management
         6     •       Environmental Impact Management                                          A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
         7     •       Labour Practices                                                         B1: Employment
         8     •       Employee Development and Training                                        B3: Development and Training
         9     •       Prevention of Child and Forced Labour                                    B4: Labour Standards
         10    •       Anti-corruption                                                          B7: Anti-Corruption
               •       Whistle Blowing
         11    •       Community Support                                                        B8: Community Investment
               •       Community Engagement


     Looking ahead, we will continue to develop our CSR work in line with our business plans and strategies. This will not be
     possible without our colleagues’ efforts and dedication in upholding CSR values.




12   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES
1.   Product Responsibility
     We observe the codes and guidelines for television programme service licensees, along with various legislations
     including:

     •     Broadcasting Ordinance (Chapter 562 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Broadcasting (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 391 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Telecommunications Ordinance (Chapter 106 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong); and
     •     Competition Ordinance (Chapter 619 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

     We also have established various internal guidelines or codes of practices for different functions and divisions, and
     provided different trainings for staff development.

     Service Commitment
     We were awarded ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System certification & ISO 10002:2014 Quality
     Management — Customer Satisfaction certification, covering after-sales services and customer cases management,
     by SGS Hong Kong Limited in March 2019 which continues to be well maintained in 2020.

     We place customer experience as our priority. A quality management system in line with the requirements of the ISO
     standards is implemented to improve our hotline and customer care services, and to uplift installation and
     maintenance standards. We address customer complaints in a timely, fair and unbiased manner. Customer views
     are regularly collected and analysed through customer satisfaction surveys.

     Intellectual Property Rights
     We have the Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures in place to manage, protect and monitor
     information technology (IT) systems and data. The use of unauthorised software or copying of copyrights works is
     not allowed under our policy.

     Personal Data Policy
     We respect individuals’ legal rights to privacy, and strictly abide by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter
     486 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in collecting, holding, processing and using customers’ personal data. In addition to
     establishing policies and operation guidelines, we issue periodic reminders and deliver regular briefings to frontline
     staff to remind them of the importance of protecting personal data.

     We protect the confidentiality of our customer data by implementing layers of security (IT controls) to prevent loss or
     leakage of customer data. Our Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures also ensure data security and
     IT system user access control.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with the aforementioned laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the business operations of the Group during the Reporting Period.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   13
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     2.     Employee Health and Safety
            We are committed to providing and maintaining a healthy, safe, and hygienic workplace for all employees and
            related parties that are likely to be affected by our operations and activities. The following four policies on health and
            safety have been established and posted on the intranet:

            1.       The Safety Handbook & Company Policy which sets out the requirements on work place safety;
            2.       Typhoon & Rainstorm Policy which sets out the working arrangement under special weather;
            3.       Display Screen Equipment Assessment Policy which provides safety guidelines for using equipment; and
            4.       Policy on Arrangement for Infectious Diseases Outbreak which lays out guidance and measures in handling of
                     infectious diseases.

            To enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of safe working practices, the Group has adopted the
            following key occupational health and safety measures:

            •        Annual practice of mass fire drill in collaboration with the Fire Department;
            •        Periodical occupational safety and health training courses;
            •        Demo video of physical exercise in department workplace as reminder; and
            •        Establishment of the Department Operational Guideline on safety measures for working-at-height and lifting of
                     heavy tools and objects.

            There was no incident of non-compliance with the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Chapter 509 of the
            Laws of Hong Kong) during the Reporting Period.

            Occupational Health and Safety Data

                       Year                Fatality number                Fatality rate(1)      Injury rate(2)   Lost days rate(3)   Absentee rate(4)
                       2020                            –                            –             0.0093             0.0016              0.0215
                       2019                            –                            –             0.0126             0.0019              0.0279

            Notes:


            (1)      Fatality rate = Total fatality number/Total number of employees
            (2)      Injury rate = Total staff affected/Total number of employees
            (3)      Lost days rate = Total number of lost days/Total days worked
            (4)      Absentee rate = Total number of absentee days/Total days worked




14   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
3.      Supply Chain Management
        The Group sources from trustworthy suppliers and contractors for quality and sustainable products and services,
        under well-defined procurement policy. The Group offers equal opportunity to all potential business partners.
        Supplier selections and procurement decisions would be made based on assessment over certain criteria such as
        reputation and image of the suppliers, quality and reliability of the products and services, compliance with user
        requirements and/or specifications, conformance to technical evaluation instituted by requisitioning department,
        compatibility with/conformance to existing operating systems, service level commitment etc. We encourage
        suppliers and contractors to take green measures and products that fulfill the 4Rs Rule: “Reduce, Recycle, Reuse
        and Replace”. The Group also continues to monitor the product and service quality of the suppliers to ensure the
        suppliers’ compliance with the requirements of the Group.

        We source from around the world with over 82% of suppliers and contractors based in Hong Kong to reduce
        carbon footprint in our supply chain, while supporting the local economy. The number of suppliers from Hong Kong
        and other countries during the year ended 31 December 2020 were 1,031 and 158 respectively.

4.      Emissions
        The Group recognised the importance of maintaining good environmental protection behavior across the Group by
        integrating environmental considerations into the business processes of the Group. The Board believes that the
        Group is responsible for the protection of the environment and adheres to create a sustainable future for the
        stakeholders as well as the community in which the Group operates by the continuous contributions from our
        experienced management and employees. To this end, the Group focuses on three main areas which include
        emissions1, use of resources, and the environment and natural resources.

        Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
        The Group works strategically and collaboratively to identify solutions for reducing greenhouse gas emissions,
        reducing waste production as well as reducing energy consumption by identifying rooms for improvement. We
        strictly follow the Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Waste Disposal
        Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong). During the Reporting Period, there was no incident of non-
        compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions and waste management
        that have a significant impact on the business operations of the Group.

        The Group promotes the minimisation of greenhouse gas emissions generated by the Group and encourages the
        environmental care in its working environment. The Group continuously takes the following measures to reduce the
        air and greenhouse gas emissions:




1
    The Group did not generate significant sewage discharge during the Reporting Period.




                                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   15
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     4.     Emissions (Continued)
            Fuel consumption
            •     reduce the number of vehicles and optimise vehicle utilisation;
            •     phase out pre-euro IV diesel vehicles;
            •     regular maintenance to reduce carbon emission;
            •     get annual vehicle examination for vehicles to ensure compliance with emission standards set by the
                  Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong;
            •     provide guidelines on good driving practice; and
            •     Green driving workshops conducted for our drivers.

            Air Emissions

                                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                                         (in tonne)            (in tonne)


            NOX emissions                                                                                                       0.55                0.69
            SOX emissions                                                                                                      0.002               0.003
            PM emissions                                                                                                       0.052               0.066


            Greenhouse Gas Emissions

                                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                                         (in tonne)            (in tonne)


            CO2 emissions — scope 1 (Note 1)                                                                                     366                 461
            CO2 emissions — scope 2 (Note 2)                                                                                   7,514               8,251


            Total                                                                                                              7,880               8,712


            As compared to 2019, we recorded lower amount of NOx, SOx, PM and greenhouse gas emissions in 2020. Such
            reduction was mainly due to less frequent use, shorter travel distance and decrease in the number of our vehicles.

            Notes:


            1.       Direct emissions (scope 1) includes greenhouse gas emissions from combustion of fuels in company vehicle fleet. CO2 emissions — scope 1
                     intensity was approximately 0.28 (tonne/employee) during the Reporting Period (2019: 0.32 (tonne/employee)).
            2.       Energy indirectly emissions (scope 2) includes greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of electricity purchased from power companies.
                     CO2 emissions — scope 2 intensity was approximately 5.85 (tonne/employee) during the Reporting Period (2019: 5.76 (tonne/employee)).
            3.       The calculation of air emissions and greenhouse gas emissions was based on the “Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the
                     Stock Exchange.




16   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
4.   Emissions (Continued)
     Waste Management
     The Group has devoted substantial efforts to waste management by minimising solid waste to landfills through
     waste reducing, waste reusing and waste recycling. One of the essential measurements is through promoting the
     importance of waste reduction among the employees of the Group through training and education. Going paperless
     is always our key message passed to the employees of the Group and they are encouraged to use electronic copies
     for filing purpose and use recycle papers for printing in order to reduce waste. Our efforts to reduce paper usage
     include implementing paperless e-Leave and e-Payroll systems.

     The Group is not aware of any significant generation of hazardous waste and adopted suitable waste handling and
     reduction measures in accordance with local laws and regulations. The total amount of non-hazardous waste
     produced during the Reporting Period has reduced to 20 tonnes (2019: 125 tonnes). All non-hazardous wastes
     generated are collected by the property management of the office buildings and will then be transported to public
     refuse collection points.

     Types and amount of waste recycled

                                                                                               Production
                                                                                              Equipment,
                                                                                                  Office                   Batteries and
                           Paper and            Plastics                                     Equipment and                   Charger
                         Paper Product       (Video Tape)            Cartridge                 Computers                   Accessories
            Year            (tonne)             (piece)               (piece)                    (piece)                      (piece)
            2020                12                 –                     415                         1,246                         307
            2019                42              231,440                  546                         2,873                         358


     There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the business operations of the Group during the Reporting Period.

5.   Use of Resources
     Being a responsible corporation to the environment and the society, the Group focuses on exploring opportunities
     to minimise the use of energy or natural resources among the Group and with the new technologies and by
     improving the efficiency of operating procedures that provide the best use of production and office equipment. The
     management of the Group believes that the efficiency of the use of energy and natural resources can be improved
     from time to time.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   17
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     5.     Use of Resources (Continued)
            Energy Management
            The Group endeavours to make use of energy efficiently and to encourage employees of the Group to use energy
            smartly. The consumption of energy is monitored regularly and measures were taken to identify any rooms for
            improvement. Another key focus by the Group on how to minimise the use of resources and how to use wisely is
            through education and training:

            •        reduce operation hours of public lighting, escalators and lifts;
            •        automated switching off air-conditioning and lighting;
            •        retrofit lighting system using energy efficient T5 fluorescent tubes and LED lights;
            •        adjust indoor temperature settings;
            •        purchase energy efficient office equipment with electron energy loss spectroscopy; and
            •        provide staff with tips for Green office.

            Water Management
            There was no water sourcing issue with the Group as we mainly consume municipal water. The majority of the
            water consumption of the Group is for water-cooled air conditioning system, basic cleaning and sanitation. The
            Group promotes the use of water smartly by training and education. The management of the Group continuously
            monitors the consumption of water and explores ways to further reduce our water consumption. Owing to our
            ongoing education and efforts, our water consumption for the year ended 2020 has maintained same level as
            compared to the consumption for the year ended 2019.

            Energy and Resources Consumption

                                                                                                                                2020        2019


            Electricity (kilowatt-hour)                                                                                 15,028,430     16,177,814
            Water consumption (cubic meter)                                                                                  2,413          2,324
            Diesel (litre)                                                                                                  55,483         64,410
            Unleaded petrol (litre)                                                                                         78,257        104,131
            Electricity intensity (kilowatt-hour/employee)                                                                  11,695         11,289
            Water consumption intensity (cubic meter/employee)                                                                   2              1
            Diesel per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                               1,632          1,840
            Unleaded petrol per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                      2,699          2,367

            Note: Use of packaging material for finished product is not a material aspect of the business operations of the Group.


            As compared to 2019, we consumed approximately 7% less electricity because we had adopted the use of more
            energy-saving appliances and more in-house green initiatives such as reduced operation hours of public lighting,
            escalators and lifts as well as automated switching off air-conditioning and lighting.

            With our reduction of the size of the vehicle fleet and fuel consumption initiatives mentioned in section 4 as well as
            shorter distance travelled, we consumed 14% less diesel and 25% less unleaded petrol in 2020 when compared to
            the same period in 2019.




18   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
6.   The Environment and Natural Resources
     The Group explores the possibility of the usage of clean energy or reusable resources and the opportunities to
     minimise the use of energy or natural resources in every department in different business operations of the Group.
     The Group continuously adheres to the principle of minimising the impact on the environment and natural resources.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group is not aware of any significant impacts of activities arising from the business
     operations of the Group on the environment and natural resources.

     Our Environmental Friendly Programme was implemented in the Group throughout these years to bring the
     employees together with the management of the Group to contribute to our society. The Group takes great
     emphasis in the future development of our environment. In order to enhance the awareness of environmental
     conservation, we encouraged our staff to participate in various environmental programmes. Through the
     participation in a programme called Earth Hour 2020 which was organised by the Worldwide Fund, we believe our
     commitment will contribute to the betterment of our community.

7.   Employment
     The Group recognises employees as important assets to us. We are committed to developing a positive and
     respectable working environment that encourages collaboration between employees and across departments. We
     strive to attract and retain talents and aim to promote workforce diversity, in terms of age, gender and nationality, as
     well as a culture of equal opportunity.

     The Group has developed the Employee Handbook & Company Policy which has been posted on intranet,
     governing compensation, dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
     diversity, anti-discrimination and other benefits and welfare in accordance to respective laws and regulations.

     The following Hong Kong laws in relation to the Group’s employment and labour practices are relevant to the
     Group:

     •     Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (“MPFSO”) (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Employees’ Compensation Ordinance (Chapter 282 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Minimum Wage Ordinance (Chapter 608 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Sex Discrimination Ordinance (Chapter 480 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Disability Discrimination Ordinance (Chapter 487 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (Chapter 527 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
     •     Race Discrimination Ordinance (Chapter 602 of the Laws of Hong Kong); and
     •     Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

     Working hours, leaves, remuneration and other employment practices are reviewed regularly to ensure the
     compliance with latest labour laws and regulations.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with employment laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   19
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     7.     Employment (Continued)
            Employee Statistics
            The majority of our employees in both fiscal years 2019 and 2020 were employed and worked in Hong Kong.

            Total Workforce

                                                                                                                           Employment Types
                                                 All types of employee
                                                                                                        Permanent contract                Temporary contract
                   Year                  Male                Female                 Total                Male           Female            Male           Female
                   2020                   847                   438                 1,285                843                428              4             10
                   2019                   964                   469                 1,433                959                461              5              8


            New Hires and Employee Turnover

                                                                   Below 30                            30–50                 Above 50
                                               Year                                                                                              Total      Rate
                                                               Male          Female             Male      Female           Male    Female
                                               2020              69              56              86            51           29        5           296      0.230(1)
               New Hires
                                               2019             109              89             117            50           24        3           392      0.274(1)

               Employee                        2020              81              56             138            73           82       14           444      0.346(2)
                Turnover                       2019             135              73             245            102          83       35           673      0.470(2)

            Notes:


            (1)      New hire rate = Total number of new hires/Total number of employees
            (2)      Turnover rate = Total number of employee turnover/Total number of employees


     8.     Employee Development and Training
            The Group acknowledges the importance of training for professional development of our employees. We place
            adequate and appropriate resources on training and staff development opportunities. The Company encourages
            vocational education and training activities by providing tuition subsidies and full funding training programmes.

            During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted around 49 corporate training events (2019: 54 corporate
            training events) involving 1,410 participants (2019: 2,060 participants) with a total of 36,211 training hours (2019:
            47,241 training hours) to enhance working knowledge, safety compliance, service quality as well as compliance of
            anti-corruption.

            Employee Training and Development Data
            Average hours of training

                                                      By gender                                                  By employment category
                                                                                         Management
                                              Male                  Female                  Staff               Senior Staff      General Staff           Total
                     Year                    (hour)                  (hour)                (hour)                 (hour)             (hour)              (hour)
                     2020                     31.2                     22.4                     16.1                 9.8              33.5               28.2
                     2019                     35.3                     28.2                      8.6                 11.1             40.5               33.0


20   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
9.   Prevention of child and forced labour
     The Employment and Compensation & Benefits Policies were established to meet or exceed the requirements of
     the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the MPFSO. The Group has adopted the
     following measures to prevent recruitment of child and forced labour:

     •    Except for child entertainers and summer interns, the Group shall hold against hiring any candidate who is
          under 18 years old;
     •    For child entertainers, the Group renews permission to employ child entertainers yearly from the Labour
          Department; and
     •    For summer interns, strict collection of sworn declaration forms and school endorsement are required to
          prevent child labour.

     The Group has received the “Good MPF Employer Award 5 Years”, “e-Contribution Award” and “MPF Support
     Award” in 2020/21 from The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority for our full compliance with employers’
     statutory obligations and provision of better retirement for employees.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating to labour standards during the
     Reporting Period.

10. Anti-corruption
     The Group prohibits bribery and corruption practices. We have established the Employee Handbook and the
     Company Policy posted on intranet web link regarding standard code of ethics, which states the prevention of
     bribery, gambling, collections and insider dealing, as well as the policy on reporting potential non-compliance and
     conflict of interest.

     Under the Group’s Code of Conduct, all staff are required to abide by the laws on anti-corruption, such as the
     Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong). During the Reporting Period, the Group
     provided training or training materials to the Directors and the employees of the Company.

     There was no incident of non-compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.

     Whistle Blowing
     Staff is obliged to report alleged material non-compliance to the Company, which will be investigated.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   21
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     MATERIAL ESG ISSUES (Continued)
     11. Community
            Community Investment
            The Group attaches great importance to staff participation in community activities, by motivating and encouraging
            colleagues to extend a helping hand to the elderly, children and youths as well as families in need of social support.

            Volunteer Services
            Established in 2003, our staff volunteering team continues to grow. Leading charitable organisations that we worked
            with The Community Chest. Activities and events included but not limited to Skip Lunch Day, Dress Casual Day and
            Love Teeth Day.

            Community Support
            The Group offers support to our community since we are concerned about its development. For example, we took
            part in the Earth Hour 2020 organised by WWF Hong Kong.

            Community Engagement
            The Group is dedicated to producing quality programmes which enhance the connection with local communities
            and inspire people to care for the society. We hope to bring positive energy to Hong Kong and raise public
            awareness for the minority groups and people in need. The programmes present to viewers with the genuine life of
            the living of the disadvantaged and minority groups in Hong Kong as well as the challenges they are facing, hoping
            to encourage the public to show more understanding and care to those in need.




22   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(A) REVIEW OF 2020 RESULTS
   Revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by approximately HK$92 million or 8% to
   approximately HK$1,069 million (2019: HK$1,161 million).

   Cost of services of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, including programming costs, network
   expenses and cost of sales, decreased by approximately HK$172 million to approximately HK$1,012 million (2019:
   HK$1,184 million). Programming costs and network expenses decreased by approximately 20% and 8%
   respectively, while cost of sales increased by approximately 1% as compared to the year ended 31 December
   2019. Selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses of the Group decreased by approximately
   15% as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019.

   Loss from operations of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$234 million,
   representing an improvement in loss from operations of approximately 36%, as compared with the loss from
   operations of approximately HK$364 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has redeemed the money market funds and recognised a
   gain on disposal of the financial assets at fair value through profit and loss of approximately HK$0.3 million (2019:
   HK$Nil). Each of the investment is less than 5% of the total assets of the Group as at the date of redemption.

   Finance costs of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by approximately HK$3 million or 8%
   to approximately HK$41 million (2019: HK$38 million), of which approximately HK$28 million (2019: HK$15 million)
   was interest expenses on unlisted long-term convertible bonds issued in June 2019 (the “2019 LCS”).

   After the recognition of interest income, finance costs, non-operating income and income tax, the Group recorded a
   net loss of approximately HK$275 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: HK$397 million). Basic and
   diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2020 was approximately HK3.9 cents (2019: HK5.9 cents).

(B) SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
   The principal activities of the Group include media and telecommunications operations.

   Media
   The media segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, domestic free television
   programme service, advertising, channel carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, theatrical release
   and other related businesses.

   Revenue derived from the media segment for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by approximately 13%
   to approximately HK$656 million (2019: HK$752 million) on lower subscription revenue.

   Operating expenses before depreciation and amortisation of other intangible assets incurred by the media segment
   for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by approximately 19% to approximately HK$781 million (2019:
   HK$961 million). As referred to the section headed “Segment Information” in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
   statements in this annual report, media segment loss before depreciation and amortisation of other intangible assets
   for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased to approximately HK$125 million (2019: HK$209 million) mainly
   due to net effect of the decrease in programming costs and the decrease in revenue.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (B) SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (Continued)
            Telecommunications
            The telecommunications segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
            operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services, network leasing, network construction, mobile service and
            mobile agency service as well as other related businesses.

            Revenue derived from the telecommunications segment for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by
            approximately HK$4 million to approximately HK$413 million (2019: HK$409 million).

            Operating expenses before depreciation and amortisation of other intangible assets incurred by the
            telecommunications segment for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by approximately 2% to
            approximately HK$240 million (2019: HK$244 million). As referred to the section headed “Segment Information” in
            Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, telecommunications segment profit before
            depreciation and amortisation of other intangible assets for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by
            approximately 4% to approximately HK$172 million (2019: HK$165 million).

     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances of approximately
            HK$157 million and HK$11 million respectively as compared to approximately HK$242 million and HK$18 million
            respectively as at 31 December 2019. The cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances of the Group as
            at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are mainly denominated in Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”). The net gearing ratio,
            measured in terms of the total interest-bearing borrowings and convertible bonds less cash and bank balances and
            restricted bank balances divided by total equity, was approximately 136% (31 December 2019: 68%). The capital
            structure of the Group was approximately 65% debt and approximately 35% equity as at 31 December 2020,
            representing an increase of approximately 13% and a decrease of approximately 13% respectively as compared
            with approximately 52% debt and approximately 48% equity as at 31 December 2019.

            Consolidated net asset value of the Group as at 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$365 million,
            representing a decrease of approximately 43%, as compared with consolidated net asset value of the Group as at
            31 December 2019 of approximately HK$640 million.

            The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ as at 31 December 2020 was HK$295
            million (31 December 2019: HK$345 million), which carried interest at variable rates and was repayable on demand.
            The committed borrowing facilities available to the Group but not drawn as at 31 December 2020 amounted to
            HK$105 million (31 December 2019: HK$55 million).




24   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)
   On 4 June 2019, the rights issue on the basis of three (3) new ordinary shares of the Company (the “Rights Shares”)
   for every four (4) existing shares of the Company (the “Shares”) then held at the subscription price of HK$0.1 per
   Rights Share (the “Rights Issue”) was completed and 928,603,364 Rights Shares have been allotted and issued by
   the Company to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) who accepted and validly applied paid for
   the Rights Shares. The net proceeds raised from the Rights Issue amounted to approximately HK$84.5 million.
   Besides, on 4 June 2019, the issuance of the 2019 LCS with the principal amount of HK$568 million by the
   Company to the Controlling Shareholder was completed. The 2019 LCS would be convertible into 4,544,000,000
   new Shares upon full conversion of the 2019 LCS based on the initial conversion price of HK$0.125 per conversion
   share and the coupon rate of the 2019 LCS is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. During the year ended 31
   December 2020, there had not been any conversion of the 2019 LCS. Details of the Rights Issue were set out in the
   announcements of the Company dated 25 January 2019, 27 May 2019, 31 May 2019 and 4 June 2019, the circular
   of the Company dated 8 April 2019 (the “Circular”) and the prospectus of the Company dated 9 May 2019 (the
   “Prospectus”). Details of the 2019 LCS were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 25 January 2019
   and 4 June 2019 and the Circular.

   The purposes for the Rights Issue and issuance of the 2019 LCS are to improve the liquidity of the Group,
   strengthen the Group’s capital base, provide additional funding for the Group’s capital expenditure, meet the cash
   flow needs of the Group and provide additional funding to fulfill the investment requirements under the regulatory
   licences.

   The carrying amount of the 2019 LCS denominated in HK$ as at 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$369
   million (31 December 2019: HK$353 million). Details of the 2019 LCS were set out in the section headed
   “Convertible Bonds” in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)
            The following table sets forth the information in relation to the use of the net proceeds raised from the Rights Issue
            and issuance of the 2019 LCS:

                                                                                                    Actual use of net
              Intended use of net proceeds raised                                                   proceeds during the            Unutilised net proceeds
              from the Rights Issue and the issuance                 Actual use of net proceeds     the year ended                 raised from the Rights Issue
              of the 2019 LCS as disclosed in the                    up to 31 December 2019         31 December 2020 as            and the issuance of the 2019
              Circular and the Prospectus                            as originally intended         originally intended            LCS as at 31 December 2020


              Approximately HK$652 million comprising:               Approximately HK$410 million   Approximately HK$242 million   HK$Nil

              (i)   Approximately HK$140 million for                 (i)   Approximately            (i)   Approximately            (i)   HK$Nil;
                    investments in capital expenditure                     HK$81 million;                 HK$59 million;
                    including:

                    (i)(a) approximately HK$41 million                     (i)(a) approximately           (i)(a) approximately
                           for the enhancement of network                         HK$29 million;                 HK$12 million;
                           infrastructure;

                    (i)(b) approximately HK$20 million                     (i)(b) approximately           (i)(b) approximately
                           for the upgrade of broadcasting                        HK$2 million;                  HK$18 million;
                           equipment;

                    (i)(c) approximately HK$36 million                     (i)(c) approximately           (i)(c) approximately
                           for the upgrade of converters                          HK$10 million;                 HK$26 million;
                           and modems;

                    (i)(d) approximately HK$43 million for                 (i)(d) approximately           (i)(d) approximately
                           capital expenditure in leasehold                       HK$40 million;                 HK$3 million;
                           improvement, furniture and
                           fixture and office equipment;




26   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)

                                                                                       Actual use of net
    Intended use of net proceeds raised                                                proceeds during the                    Unutilised net proceeds
    from the Rights Issue and the issuance          Actual use of net proceeds         the year ended                         raised from the Rights Issue
    of the 2019 LCS as disclosed in the             up to 31 December 2019             31 December 2020 as                    and the issuance of the 2019
    Circular and the Prospectus                     as originally intended             originally intended                    LCS as at 31 December 2020


    (ii) Approximately HK$350 million for           (ii) Approximately                 (ii) Approximately                     (ii) HK$Nil; and
         acquisition of programmes and                   HK$229 million;                    HK$121 million;
         programme production including:

         (ii)(a) approximately HK$161 million for        (ii)(a) approximately               (ii)(a) approximately
                 the funding requirement of                      HK$128 million;                     HK$33 million;
                 acquired channels;

         (ii)(b) approximately HK$100 million for        (ii)(b) approximately               (ii)(b) approximately
                 the funding requirement of live                 HK$33 million;                      HK$67 million;
                 programmes, movies and dramas
                 and other entertainment
                 programmes;

         (ii)(c) approximately HK$89 million for         (ii)(c) approximately               (ii)(c) approximately HK$21
                 the funding requirement of                      HK$68 million; and                  million; and
                 self-produced programmes; and

    (iii) Approximately HK$162 million for          (iii) Approximately                (iii) Approximately                    (iii) HK$Nil
          general working capital including but           HK$100 million                     HK$62 million
          not limited to salaries and benefits,
          rental and utilities, government/music
          licence fees, other general and
          administrative expenses

   The net proceeds raised from the Rights Issue and the issuance of the 2019 LCS that have been utilised and have
   been utilised according to the intended use of proceeds as disclosed in the Circular and the Prospectus.




                                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE (Continued)
            The Group takes a centralised approach to the Group’s funding and treasury management as well as optimisation
            of the funding cost-efficiency. The management (i) maintains a balanced debt and capital financing structure; (ii)
            ensures secure and optimum return on the investment of surplus funds within an agreed risk profile; (iii) oversees the
            treasury related financial risks, including but not limited to interest rate risk, currency risk, liquidity risk and credit risk;
            (iv) strives to diversify source of funding and maintain a balanced maturity profile; and (v) maintains an appropriate
            control environment to protect the financial return under the fluidity financial market conditions.

            The Group’s assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in HK$ and United States Dollars (“US$”) and it earns its
            revenue and incurs costs and expenses mainly in HK$ and US$. As HK$ is pegged to US$, the Group does not
            expect any significant foreign currency exposure arising from the fluctuation of the US$/HK$ or HK$/US$ exchange
            rates.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment amounted to
            approximately HK$100 million (2019: HK$133 million), the additions to right-of-use assets were approximately
            HK$26 million (2019: upon the adoption of Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 16 “Leases” (“HKFRS 16”), the
            Group recognised right-of-use assets amounted to approximately HK$199 million as at 1 January 2019 and the
            additions to right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to approximately HK$3
            million), the additions to programming library were approximately HK$43 million (2019: HK$37 million) and the
            additions to other intangible assets were approximately HK$1 million (2019: HK$20 million).

            The Group financed its operations generally with internally generated cash flows, the available credit facilities and
            the net proceeds raised from the Rights Issue and the issuance of the 2019 LCS.

     (D) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

     (E) GUARANTEES
            As at 31 December 2020, a corporate guarantee had been provided by the Company to a bank of HK$400 million
            (31 December 2019: HK$400 million) in respect of the facility of borrowing up to HK$400 million (31 December
            2019: HK$400 million) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, of which HK$295 million (31 December 2019:
            HK$345 million) was utilised by the subsidiary of the Company.

            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had made an arrangement with a bank to provide a performance bond to a
            counterparty amounting to approximately HK$34 million (31 December 2019: two separate performance bonds
            were provided to counterparties amounting to approximately HK$36 million), of which approximately HK$4 million
            (31 December 2019: HK$6 million) was secured by bank deposits. The performance bond is to guarantee in favour
            of the counterparty the Group’s performance in fulfilling the obligations under a contract.




28   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(F) HUMAN RESOURCES
      The Group had 1,272 employees as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 1,420). Total gross salaries and
      related costs before capitalisation and incurred for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to approximately
      HK$403 million (31 December 2019: HK$529 million). The remuneration of the Directors and the employees of the
      Group is determined with reference to their qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Group, as
      well as the Group’s performance and the prevailing market conditions. Besides, the Group regularly provides
      training courses for the employees of the Group to meet their needs. Under the share option scheme of the
      Company adopted on 24 May 2018 (the “Share Option Scheme”), share options of the Company (the “Share
      Options”) may be granted to the Directors and eligible employees of the Group to subscribe for Shares.

(G) OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
      In view of the intensifying competition from OTT platforms and digital media, the Group’s revenue for the year ended
      31 December 2020 was mainly affected by the decline of subscription revenue.

      Keen business competition in the market has continued to contract the subscription customer base of Pay TV
      service and the subscription ARPU was affected, while the advertising revenue remained stable during the period
      under review.

      For broadband service, despite a saturated market with price war triggered by the incumbents, we are glad to see
      an increase of approximately 13% in the ending subscriber base to approximately 197,000 as at 31 December
      2020 as compared with approximately 175,000 as at 31 December 2019. This improvement was mainly due to the
      upgrade of our network to provide high speed GPON services, and further enhancement in churn management.

(H) CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
      As at 31 December 2020, restricted bank balances of approximately HK$11 million (31 December 2019: HK$18
      million) were made by the Group to secure certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

(I)   MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
      There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures or significant
      investments of the Group, which would have been required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, during the year
      ended 31 December 2020.

(J) FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
      The Group will continue to invest in property, plant and equipment and programming library as required by its
      business operations, and explore the market and identify any business opportunities which will be beneficial to its
      growth and development, enhance its profitability, and strive for better return to the Shareholders.

      The Group’s ongoing capital expenditure will be funded by internal cash flows generated from operations, the
      available credit facilities, and the net proceeds from the issuance of the unlisted long-term convertible bonds in the
      principal amount of HK$200 million (the “2021 LCS”) as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 27
      January 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 2 March 2021. The subscription agreement entered on 27
      January 2021 between the Company and Forever Top (the “2021 LCS Subscription Agreement”) and the
      transactions contemplated thereunder were approved by the independent Shareholders at the general meeting of
      the Company on 23 March 2021.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (K) OUTLOOK
            Since Forever Top became the controlling shareholder of the Company as a result of being the underwriter of the
            open offer completed in September 2017, the Group has been focusing on formulating an organisational
            restructuring which included, among other things, (i) cost-saving initiative; (ii) introduction of new contents and
            channels; (iii) new television content co-operation models; and (iv) strategic review on possible restructuring of the
            Group’s business portfolio to achieve cost saving and improve profitability, and on the financial performance of the
            Group.

            In addition, the Group launched its integrated Cantonese channel under the domestic free television programme
            service licence in May 2017 and rebranded Cantonese free television channel to be “Hong Kong Open TV” in year
            2018. The Group has expanded its operation to include an English news desk and Putonghua finance desk, to
            support the newly established Hong Kong International Business Channel, a 24-hour English free television channel
            in Hong Kong, on Channel 76 in July 2018 and focuses on providing financial news and information with
            programmes in both English and Putonghua. In June 2020, i-CABLE introduced enhanced version of its mobile
            application, i-CABLE Mobile, by adding two free television channels — Hong Kong Open TV and Hong Kong
            International Business Channel. The enhanced and versatile network offers the consumers a brand new experience
            of enjoyment and convenience of multimedia platform viewership. The above measures could strengthen the overall
            competitiveness of the Group.

            The Group entered into the network development agreement in relation to a strategic collaboration with CMHK in
            telecommunications and value-added media-related services. The cross-platform collaboration would dynamically
            integrate strengths and creativity of the two companies, develop higher-quality, diversify telecommunications
            services, and strengthen sales channels. The two companies will continue to work together to take the development
            of the local telecommunications and media market to a new level. The partnership with CMHK represents a
            significant step forward in the future development of the Group.

            In year 2021, with expectation of booming market demands and opportunities for data centre business, the Group
            will continue to extend the service coverage to major data centres and commercial buildings in Hong Kong,
            enhancing peer-to-peer connections with major data centre, international carriers and global internet service
            providers. The Group will continue to explore collaboration with strategic telecom partners to enhance network
            coverage and provide IP Transit service for enterprises, one stop enterprises solution and data centre connectivity
            business. Priority emphasise are given to the B2B business sector in the future.

            With respect to the telecommunications segment, the Group provides its broadband internet access services
            through the backbone of the Group’s territory-wide television broadcasting infrastructure and launched the mobile
            communications service, iMobile. In order to improve business competitiveness, it is essential for the Group to
            continue investing in network and to actively seek collaborative opportunities with leading technology and
            communication providers to deliver quality services and solutions to its customers, and develop new revenue
            streams in the 5G era.




30   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(K) OUTLOOK (Continued)
    The media segment of the Group is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super
    dominant operator. The proliferation of online contents — many of those free of charge — offer abundance of
    choices to users, changing their viewing behavior and posting extra threat to the Group’s TV subscription business.
    At the same time, the increasingly keen competition for exclusive contents has raised acquisition costs. Pressure on
    subscription and viewership persists as competition is expected to remain keen, thus the business remains
    challenging. i-CABLE News OTT App focusing on news and finance was launched in year 2019 to expand channel
    reach to viewers, while enhancing cross-platform synergy as well as business opportunity. On top of the contents
    produced for TV network broadcasting, the Group has also invested in creative contents customised for OTT
    platforms, as being aware that exclusive programmes are vastly important to the network. The Group has also
    produced a vast variety of new lifestyle content in year 2020 and will launch on the Group’s digital platform in year
    2021.

    Meanwhile, the Greater Bay Area (“GBA”) is posting a significant opportunity for the Group to shape and expand the
    business development by collaborating with major media and operators within the region. The partnership with
    GuangDong Radio and Television and the establishment of Greater Bay Area News Centre serve as the initial
    attempts to tap into the market and businesses in relation to the region. The Group will continue to leverage its
    competitive advantages, while at the same time embrace the mutually beneficial commercial potential of greater
    collaboration within the GBA.

    As the COVID-19 situation remained severe throughout the year 2020 and has disrupted Hong Kong’s economy, a
    series of precautionary and control measures have been and will continue to be implemented in Hong Kong. The
    Group has implemented preventive measures in response to COVID-19, including but not limited to, quarantine
    arrangement, flexible working hours and work from home arrangement, promoting personal hygiene and keeping
    safe social distance, reinforcing the telemarketing operations to promote contactless marketing strategy, to minimise
    the disruption of business operations. The Group has also reviewed the cash flow forecast for the next twelve
    months from the date of the year ended 31 December 2020, taking into account the fund raising exercise of the
    2021 LCS announced on 27 January 2021 and the 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated thereunder were approved by the independent Shareholders at the general meeting of the Company
    on 23 March 2021, the credit facilities currently available and the internal generated cash flows, the Group would
    have sufficient funds to satisfy its working capital and capital expenditure requirements. The Group will pay close
    attention to the development of COVID-19 and its impact to the Group and take proactive measures as appropriate.

    The Group will continue to explore new opportunities in the market and exercise prudence to invest in programming
    library, contents enrichment, new media development, customer service improvement, higher speed broadband
    service upgrades, as well as marketing and media initiatives to sharpen the competitiveness of the Group. The
    Group is also well prepared to capitalise on the opportunity brought by the upcoming 5G mobile communication
    network and the emerging market in the GBA.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


     (L) EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            Save as disclosed below, the Group does not have any material events affecting the Group’s financial performance
            and/or financial position significantly that have occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December
            2020.

            On 27 January 2021, the Company and the Controlling Shareholder entered into the 2021 LCS Subscription
            Agreement. Pursuant to the 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement, the Company has conditionally agreed to issue,
            and the Controlling Shareholder has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the 2021 LCS as detailed in the
            announcement of the Company dated 27 January 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 2 March 2021. The
            2021 LCS Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder were approved by the
            independent Shareholders at the general meeting of the Company on 23 March 2021.

     (M) COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, there was no incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and
            regulations of the place in which the Group operates that has a significant impact on the business operations of the
            Group.




32   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(A) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
   The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices, and procedures and
   to complying with the statutory and regulatory requirements with an aim to maximising the Shareholders’ values and
   interests as well as enhancing the stakeholders’ transparency and accountability. During the year ended 31
   December 2020, the Company had complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
   (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, with the exception of the deviation as set out under
   section (C) below.

(B) MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
   The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
   Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. The Company, having made specific enquiries of all the
   Directors, was not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
   year ended 31 December 2020.

   The Company has also applied the principles of the Model Code for securities transactions to the employees of the
   Group.

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS
   The Board is responsible for the leadership and management of the Group as well as promoting the success of the
   Group with the objective of acting for the best of the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole by
   directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. The key responsibilities of the Board
   include formulation of the overall strategies of the Group, monitoring the performance of the management, and
   ensuring the duties delegated to respective board committees of the Company are effectively performed.

   I.   Composition of the Board
        As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises eleven Directors, of whom one is an executive
        Director, six are non-executive Directors and four are independent non-executive Directors. The composition
        of the Board is set out below:

        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry (Vice-chairman)
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard
        Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng
        Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica

        Executive Director
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU

        Independent Non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            I.       Composition of the Board (Continued)
                     Biographical information of the Directors and the relationship among the members of the Board are set out in
                     the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 70 to 76 of this
                     annual report. Each Director has been appointed on the strength of his/her calibre, experience and stature,
                     and his/her potential to contribute to the proper guidance of the Group and its businesses.

                     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of his
                     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the Company considers that all the independent
                     non-executive Directors are independent.

            II.      Operation of the Board
                     The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes decisions objectively in the interests of the
                     Company. The management of the Group (the “Senior Management”) has closely monitored changes to
                     regulations that affect its corporate affairs and businesses, and changes to accounting standards, and
                     adopted appropriate reporting format in its interim report, annual report and other related documents to
                     present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
                     prospects. Where these changes are pertinent to the Company or Directors’ disclosure obligations, the
                     Directors are either briefed during Board meetings or issued with regular updates and materials to keep them
                     abreast of their responsibilities and of the conduct, business activities and development of the Group. The
                     Company has also provided accurate, clear, complete and reliable information in a timely manner to the
                     Directors to enable them to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities as
                     the Directors.

                     There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Board and the Senior Management. Decisions on
                     important matters are specifically reserved to the Board while decisions on the Group’s general operations are
                     delegated to the Senior Management. Important matters include those affecting the Group’s strategic policies,
                     major investment and funding decisions and major commitments relating to the Group’s operations.

                     If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has
                     determined to be material, the matter should be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written
                     resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates (as defined under the
                     Listing Rules), have no material interest in the transaction should be present at that Board meeting.




34   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance
       The Board has a balance of skills and experience and a balanced composition of executive and non-executive
       Directors with diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business. Four
       Board meetings of the Company were held during the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Notice of not less
       than 14 days was given to all the Directors for the regular Board meetings and the Directors were given an
       opportunity to include matters in the agenda for the regular Board meetings. The attendance records of the
       Directors are set out below:

                                                                                      Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                                               Annual
        Directors                                                                     Board Meetings                  General Meeting


        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                          4/4                              1/1
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                                                                         3/4                              0/1
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                         4/4                              1/1
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                            4/4                              1/1
        Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng                                                             4/4                              1/1
        Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica                                                                            4/4                              0/1

        Executive Director
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                                           4/4                              1/1

        Independent non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                         4/4                              0/1
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                           4/4                              1/1
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                           4/4                              1/1
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                        4/4                              1/1




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance (Continued)
                     The external auditor attended the annual general meeting of the Company on 18 June 2020 (the “AGM”) to
                     answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s
                     report, the accounting policies and auditor independence and the Chairman also held a meeting with the
                     independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the year.

                     The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance with the
                     Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”) and the Listing Rules. The non-executive Directors are
                     subject to the aforesaid retirement requirements and are appointed for a specific term, subject to re-election.
                     The term of appointment of non-executive Directors are contained under the section headed “Report of the
                     Directors” on pages 58 to 60 of this annual report. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the
                     annual general meeting of the Company. Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
                     hold office until the first general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-
                     election at such meeting.

                     Each of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick and Mr. Hoong
                     Cheong Thard (who were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect from 15 September 2017), Mr. Lie
                     Ken Jie Remy Anthony Ket Heng and Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica (who were appointed as non-executive
                     Directors with effect from 2 July 2019), Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu (who was appointed as an executive
                     Director with effect from 15 September 2017) and Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (who was appointed as an
                     independent non-executive Director with effect from 15 September 2017) signed a letter of appointment with
                     the Company for an initial term of three years and renewable automatically for successive terms of three years
                     upon expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of
                     his/her letter of appointment. They are also subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance
                     with the Articles and the Listing Rules.

                     Code Provision A.6.7 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that independent non-executive directors
                     and other non-executive directors, as equal board members, should give the board and any committees on
                     which they serve the benefit of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications through regular
                     attendance and active participation. Generally, they should also attend general meetings to gain and develop
                     a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.

                     Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry (the vice-chairman of the Board and a non-executive Director) and Mr. Lam Kin-
                     Fung, Jeffrey (an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the compensation committee of the
                     Company (the “CC”) and a member of the nomination committee of the Company (the “NC”)) were unable to
                     attend the AGM as they had other engagements at the time of such meeting. Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica (a non-
                     executive Director) was unable to attend the AGM because she was unwell on that day.




36   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   IV. Director’s Induction and Continuous Professional Development
       Newly appointed Directors are provided with induction training. Each of them shall receive the information on
       the duties and responsibilities of directors under statutory regulations and the Listing Rules, and other
       information on corporate governance matters. The newly appointed Directors shall meet the fellow Directors
       and the Senior Management to ensure they have an understanding on the Group’s operations and business.
       They shall also receive materials relating to the operations and business of the Group.

       The Company has arranged for Directors to attend training sessions and forums which place emphasis on the
       roles, functions and duties of a listed company director, as well as the development of regulatory updates and
       issues. The Company also provided the Directors the latest development of the Listing Rules, and the relevant
       laws, rules and regulations relating to the Director’s duties and responsibilities. All Directors have provided
       their training records to the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the training records
       are maintained by the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”).

       According to the records of training maintained by the Company, all the current Directors have, during the
       financial year under review, pursued continuous professional development and relevant details are set out
       below:

                                                                                  Type of continuous professional
                                                                                           development
                                                                                                                 Attending seminars
                                                                           Reading journals,                     and/or conferences
                                                                         updates and articles                         and/or forums
        Directors                                                       and/or materials, etc.                     and/or E-training


        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                        √                                     √
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                                                                       √                                     √
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                       √                                     √
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                          √                                     √
        Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng                                                           √                                     √
        Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica                                                                          √                                     √

        Executive Director
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                                         √                                     √

        Independent non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                       √                                     √
        Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                         √                                     √
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                         √                                     √
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                      √                                     √




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (D) CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
            Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was appointed as the Chairman with effect from 15 September 2017 and the Company
            does not have any chief executive officer since then. The Board believes that the balance of power and authority is
            adequately ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals.

     (E) APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
            Under the Articles and the Listing Rules, all Directors are subject to retirement at an annual general meeting of the
            Company at least once every three years and are subject to re-election. The Board may from time to time appoint a
            Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any such new Director shall hold office until
            the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at the same general
            meeting.

            The re-election of each of the independent non-executive Directors who has served on the Board for more than nine
            years is subject to (i) a separate resolution to be approved by Shareholders at the relevant annual general meeting
            of the Company; and (ii) further information being given to the Shareholders together with the notice of meeting
            regarding the reasons why the Board believes the relevant Director is still independent and should be re-elected.

            Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger has served as an independent non-executive Director since September 2010 for more
            than 10 years and he is subject to retirement and re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
            Company. During his tenure, Mr. Luk has demonstrated his ability to provide an independent view to the Company’s
            matters. Notwithstanding his years of service as an independent non-executive Director, the Board and the NC are
            of the view that Mr. Luk has wide experience in accounting and finance management, which put him in a strong
            position of giving invaluable insight to the Group’s business development and finance management. Besides, Mr.
            Luk is equipped with integrity, skills and experience to continue fulfilling the role of an independent non-executive
            Director. Mr. Luk’s long service on the Board would not affect him from bringing fresh perspectives and exercising
            independent judgement and thus the Board recommends him for re-election at the forthcoming annual general
            meeting of the Company. The re-election of Mr. Luk at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company
            shall be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the Shareholders and the documents to the
            Shareholders accompanying that resolution will include the reasons the Board believes he is still independent and
            should be re-elected. Mr. Luk has made a written annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
            Listing Rules.

            Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey has served as an independent non-executive Director and he is subject to retirement and
            re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. He holds directorships in more than seven
            listed companies (including the Company). Notwithstanding this, since his appointment, Mr. Lam has attended most
            of the Board and Board committee meetings where his attendance was required, and has made valuable
            contributions to the Board with his experience in different fields. Moreover, Mr. Lam’s directorships in the other
            listed companies are non-executive in nature. On this basis, the Board and the NC believes that Mr. Lam will be
            able to continue to devote sufficient time to the Board and Board committee, and recommends his re-election as an
            independent non-executive Director at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. Mr. Lam has made
            a written annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

            Appropriate liability insurance for the Directors has been arranged for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of
            corporate activities.




38   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES
   (I)   Audit Committee
         The Company has set up the audit committee of the Company (the “AC”) with majority of the members being
         independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the AC comprises Mr. Luk Koon
         Hoo, Roger (an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the AC), Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (a
         non-executive Director) and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman (an independent non-executive Director).

         No member of the AC is a former partner of the existing audit firm of the Company during the period of two
         years after he ceases to be a partner of the audit firm. All AC members have sufficient experience in reviewing
         audited financial statements as aided by the auditor of the Group whenever required. In addition, at least one
         of the member of the AC has the appropriate professional qualifications or experience in financial matters as
         required under the Listing Rules.

         Two AC meetings were held during the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Attendance records of the
         AC members are set out below:

                                                                                                                               Attendance/
                                                                                                                                Number of
           Committee Members                                                                                                      Meetings


           Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                                                                                                2/2
           Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                                                                            2/2
           Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                                                                        2/2


         (i)   The terms of reference of the AC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
               Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code and the recommendations set out in
               “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
               Accountants. Given below are the main duties of the AC:

               (A)   Relationship with the Company’s external auditor
                     (a)   to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
                           reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and
                           terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of their resignation or
                           dismissal;

                     (b)   to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the
                           effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The AC should
                           discuss with the auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
                           the audit commences; and

                     (c)   to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to provide non-audit
                           services. For this purpose, “external auditor” includes any entity that is under common
                           control, ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a reasonable and
                           informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part
                           of the audit firm nationally or internationally. The AC should report to the Board, identifying
                           and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (I)      Audit Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      (Continued)
                              (B) Review of financial information of the Company
                                    (a)   to monitor integrity of financial statements of the Company and the Company’s annual
                                          report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and
                                          to review significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. In reviewing these
                                          reports before submission to the Board, the AC should focus particularly on:

                                               (i)      any changes in accounting policies and practices;

                                               (ii)     major judgmental areas;

                                               (iii)    significant adjustments resulting from audit;

                                               (iv)     the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

                                               (v)      compliance with accounting standards; and

                                               (vi)     compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial
                                                        reporting.

                                       (b)     regarding (B)(a) above:

                                               (i)      the AC should liaise with the Board and Senior Management and must meet, at least
                                                        twice a year, with the Company’s external auditor; and

                                               (ii)     the AC should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                                                        reflected in the report and accounts, it should give due consideration to any matters
                                                        that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and
                                                        financial reporting function, or for compliance function or auditors.

                              (C)      Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                                       control systems
                                       (a)  to review the Company’s risk management and internal control systems covering all
                                            controls; including financial, operational and compliance controls;

                                       (b)     to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure
                                               that management has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should
                                               include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
                                               and budgets of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

                                       (c)     to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as
                                               delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these
                                               findings and review the statements concerning risk management and internal control
                                               systems to be included in the annual report;




40   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (i)   (Continued)
               (C) Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                     control systems (Continued)
                     (d) to ensure co-ordination between the internal audit function and external auditor, to review
                           and approve the annual internal audit plan, to ensure that the internal audit function is
                           adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company for it to carry out
                           an analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s
                           financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems, and to review and
                           monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function;

                     (e)   to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

                     (f)   to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor
                           to management about accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
                           management’s response;

                     (g)   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external
                           auditor’s management letter;

                     (h)   to report to the Board on the matters in the code provisions as set out in the Listing Rules;

                     (i)   to establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by
                           the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; and (ii)
                           the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns
                           regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;

                     (j)   to review arrangements employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise
                           concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters.
                           The AC should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                           investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

                     (k)   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relations with the
                           external auditor; and

                     (l)   to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

               (D)   Review and reassessment of these terms of reference
                     At least annually, the AC shall review and reassess the adequacy of these terms of reference and
                     recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (I)      Audit Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      (Continued)
                              (E) Oversight of the Company’s Corporate Governance Matters
                                    (a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
                                          make recommendations to the Board;

                                       (b)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors
                                               and Senior Management;

                                       (c)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
                                               regulatory requirements;

                                       (d)     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
                                               applicable to employees and the Directors;

                                       (e)     to review the Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate
                                               Governance Report as set out in the annual report of the Company; and

                                       (f)     to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

                     (ii)     The Group has adopted and established a Whistleblowing Policy & Procedures. The Company’s AC has
                              the delegated authority and responsibility, for employees and those who deal with the Group (e.g.
                              customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence, with the Head of Human Resources
                              Department, and any and all relevant complaints received may then be referred to the AC about possible
                              improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

                     (iii)    The work performed by the AC for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 is summarised below:

                              (a)      review of the annual audit plan of the external auditor before the audit commences, and discussion
                                       with them about the nature and scope of the audit;

                              (b)      approval of the remuneration and the appointment and the terms of engagement of the external
                                       auditor;

                              (c)      review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of audit
                                       process in accordance with applicable standards;

                              (d)      review of the half-year and annual consolidated financial statements of the Group before
                                       submission to the Board, with particular consideration of the points mentioned in paragraph (i)(B)
                                       above regarding the duties of the AC;

                              (e)      review of the internal audit report and annual audit plan of the internal audit function carried out by
                                       independent professionals;




42   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (iii)   (Continued)
                 (f)   review of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and the statements
                       concerning risk management and internal control systems to be included in the annual report;

                 (g)   meeting with the external auditor without the executive Director present;

                 (h)   review of the corporate governance matters of the Group;

                 (i)   review of the terms of reference of the AC; and

                 (j)   review of and monitoring of the Group’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

   (II) Compensation Committee
         The Company has set up the CC consisting of five members of which three of them are the independent non-
         executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the CC comprises Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an
         independent non-executive Director and the Chairman of the CC), Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu (a non-executive
         Director), Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (a non-executive Director), Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman (an independent
         non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-executive Director).

         One CC meetings was held during the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Attendance record of the CC
         members is set out below:

                                                                                                                                 Attendance/
                                                                                                                                  Number of
            Committee Members                                                                                                        Meeting


            Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman)                                                                                               1/1
            Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                                                                           1/1
            Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                                                                          1/1
            Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                                                                            1/1
            Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                                            1/1




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
                     (i)      The terms of reference of the CC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                              Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of
                              the CC:

                              (a)      to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remuneration
                                       of all Directors and Senior Management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
                                       procedure for developing remuneration policy;

                              (b)      to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals by reference to the Board’s
                                       corporate goals and objectives;

                              (c)      either:

                                       (i)     to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
                                               executive Directors and Senior Management; or

                                       (ii)    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
                                               executive Directors and Senior Management.

                                       This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
                                       compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

                              (d)      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

                              (e)      to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
                                       employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

                              (f)      to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and Senior Management for
                                       any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual
                                       terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

                              (g)      to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors
                                       for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
                                       reasonable and appropriate;

                              (h)      to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration;

                              (i)      to advise the Shareholders on how to vote with respect to any service contracts of Directors that
                                       require the Shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules;

                              (j)      to decide with respect to the Employee Share Option Scheme (if any):

                                       (i)     the Employees to whom Options shall be granted;

                                       (ii)    the number of Shares subject to each Option;

                                       (iii)   the date on which Options shall be granted; and

                                       (iv)    the Subscription Price; and

                              (k)      to review any compensation related or other issues as requested by the Board.


44   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
       (ii)   The work performed by the CC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
              year ended 31 December 2020 is summarised below:

              (a)   review of the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and the Senior
                    Management;

              (b)   assess performance of the executive Director and the consideration and approval of the
                    emoluments for all the Directors and the Senior Management;

              (c)   make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and
                    Senior Management; and

              (d)   review of the terms of reference of CC.

       The basis of determining the emoluments payable to its Directors and the Senior Management is with
       reference to their qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Group, as well as the Group’s
       performance and the prevailing market conditions.

   (III) Nomination Committee
       The Company has set up the NC with the majority of its members being independent non-executive Directors.
       As at the date of this annual report, the NC comprises Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu (a non-executive Director and
       the Chairman of the NC), Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk
       Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-executive Director).

       At present, more than one-third of the Directors on the Board are the independent non-executive Directors.
       They represent diverse career experience in both international and local enterprises. They bring with them
       diverse professional backgrounds, spanning property development and investment, banking, legal, valuation
       and advisory, hospitality and entrepreneurship. They also hold or have held important public service positions
       in Hong Kong and China, covering business, industry and commerce, sports, education, regulatory and
       politics.

       The Board composition reflects various cultural and educational backgrounds, professional development,
       length of service, knowledge of the Company and a broad range of individual attributes, interests and values.
       The NC considers the current Board composition has provided the Company with a good balance and
       diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of its business. The NC will continue to
       review its composition from time to time taking into consideration specific needs for the Group’s business.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                     The Board has adopted the Director Nomination Process and Selection Criteria of the Company (the
                     “Nomination Policy”), which aims to set out the relevant selection criteria and nomination procedures to assist
                     the NC and the Board to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspective
                     appropriate to the requirement of the Group’s businesses. A summary of the Nomination Policy is disclosed
                     as below.

                     1.       Criteria
                              The NC and the Board shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
                              directorships:

                              •        Characteristics of individual director including integrity and accountability, informed judgment,
                                       prudence and maturity (being able to engage in constructive debate and give independent
                                       opinions), principled and professional and other characteristics as the NC deems appropriate);

                              •        Competencies in the areas including accounting and finance, law, industry knowledge, marketing
                                       and competencies as the NC deems appropriate to ensure the Board’s overall suitability;

                              •        The structure, size and composition of the Board;

                              •        The appropriate mix of competencies between Directors to enable the Board to discharge its
                                       responsibilities effectively;

                              •        The appropriate balance of skills, experience, knowledge, expertise and diversity of the Board is
                                       maintained, and the board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) adopted by the Board is
                                       followed;

                              •        The capability of the candidate to devote the necessary time and commitment to the role. This
                                       involves a consideration of other commitments including matters such as other board or executive
                                       appointments; and

                              •        The potential conflicts of interest, and independence.

                     The NC shall also consider the requirement for the Board to have independent non-executive Directors in
                     accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidates would be considered independent with
                     reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules and such other perspectives that are
                     appropriate to our Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable, may be adopted and/or
                     amended by the Board and/or the NC from time to time for nomination of directors and succession planning.




46   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
       2.   Nomination Procedures
            •   The NC or the Board shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director and the
                biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on
                the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

            •     If more than one candidate are nominated by the NC, the NC shall base on the criteria (as set out
                  in section 1 above) and recommend the most competent candidate to the Board (where
                  applicable).

            •     The NC shall also consider the number of board positions they hold in other firms.

            •     The NC shall engage external consultants where necessary to assist in the selection process of
                  suitable candidates.

            •     After the NC reviewed and considered the candidates, the NC makes recommendations to the
                  Board on any proposed changes to implement the Company’s corporate strategy.

            •     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a director at the general meeting
                  of the Company, the NC and the Board shall evaluate such candidate

       Board Diversity Policy
       The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy. Under the Board Diversity Policy, the Company recognises
       and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board with a vision for the Company to achieve a sustainable
       and balanced development.

       The Board Diversity Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board and the NC has developed
       the measurable objectives to implement this Policy, taking into account the factors based on the business
       model of the Company and specific needs from time to time. In achieving the board diversity, a number of
       factors, including but not limited to, cultural and educational background, gender, ethnicity, age, skills,
       knowledge, experience and length of service and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and
       applicable from time to time taking into account the Company’s business model and specific needs, are
       considered. All the Board appointments are made on merits while having due regard for the benefits of
       diversity on the Board.

       The NC will review the Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its effectiveness, and recommend any
       appropriate revisions to ensure it remains relevant to the Company’s needs and reflects the current regulatory
       requirements and good corporate governance practices.




                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                     Diversity Mix
                     As at 31 December 2020, the Board consists of 11 Directors and the Board composition is as below:

                       Number of Directors
                              11                                                                         Over 70       Over 10 years
                              10
                                                                                                                        6–10 years
                               9
                                                                          NED
                               8                                                                         61–70
                               7
                                                                                                 Male
                               6
                               5                                           ED                            51–60
                                                                                                                         0–5 years
                               4
                               3                                                                         41–50
                                                                         INED
                               2
                               1                                                                Female   31–40

                                                                    Designation                 Gender    Age          Board Tenure

                     ED           :          Executive Director
                     NED          :          Non-executive Director
                     INED         :          Independent Non-executive Director

                     Biographical details of the Directors, including details of their skills and experience are set out in the section
                     headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report. The Group sees
                     increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in attaining its strategy and achieving sustainable
                     and balanced development of the Group, and will continue to further enhance board diversity while
                     maintaining an appropriate balance between continuity of experience and Board refreshment.




48   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
       The terms of reference of the NC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
       Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of the NC:

       (a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
             Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
             complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

       (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations
             to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

       (c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

       (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
             succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the chief executive; and

       (e)   to develop and maintain a board diversity policy and make recommendations on any proposed changes
             to the Board, as appropriate, to ensure it remains relevant to the Company’s needs and reflects the
             current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practices and to making disclosure of
             its review results in the Corporate Governance Report annually.

       The work performed by the NC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial year
       ended 31 December 2020 is summarised below:

       (a)   review of the Board Diversity Policy;

       (b)   review of the terms of reference of NC;

       (c)   review of the structure, size and composition of the Board taking into account the Board Diversity Policy
             and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board;

       (d)   assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

       (e)   make recommendations to the Board for the re-appointment of Directors standing for re-election at the
             AGM.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
            (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                     One NC meeting was held during the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Attendance record of the NC
                     members is set out below:

                                                                                                                         Attendance/
                                                                                                                          Number of
                       Committee Members                                                                                     Meeting


                       Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)                                                                         1/1
                       Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                                                   1/1
                       Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                     1/1


            (IV) Corporate Governance Functions
                     While the Board is and remains to be principally responsible for the corporate governance functions of the
                     Company, it has delegated the relevant duties to the AC to ensure the proper performance of corporate
                     governance functions of the Company. In this connection, the terms of reference of the AC include various
                     duties relating to corporate governance matters which are set out in paragraph “(E) Oversight of the
                     Company’s Corporate Governance Matters” on page 42 under sub-section “(I) Audit Committee” of section
                     “(F) BOARD COMMITTEES” above.

     (G) AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
            The fees in relation to the audit services for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 provided by
            PricewaterhouseCoopers, the external auditor of the Company, amounted to approximately HK$2,790,000 and the
            remuneration in relation to non-audit services, mainly included tax compliance services and other compliance
            services, paid or payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers amounted to approximately HK$1,217,000.

     (H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
            (I)      Risk Governance
                     The risk management and internal control systems (the “RM&IC Systems”) of the Group comprise a well-
                     defined governance structure, with areas of responsibility and limits of authority of each business and
                     operational unit clearly delineated to ensure effective checks and balances. Internal control policies,
                     procedures and guidelines have been compiled to safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition,
                     to maintain of proper records, to assure of the reliability of financial information for internal use or publication
                     and to comply with relevant legislation and regulations.

                     The Board acknowledges its ultimate responsibility to oversee internal control systems, to evaluate and
                     determine the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives and for
                     maintaining the RM&IC Systems as well as to monitor their effectiveness. The management is tasked with the
                     design, implementation and monitoring of the systems. The AC has been delegated by the Board to oversee
                     the systems and is supported by independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, which
                     provides assessment on risk and internal control oversight.




50   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (Continued)
   (I)   Risk Governance (Continued)
         The internal audit function monitors compliance with policies and standards and carries out an analysis and
         independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems across the Group. Findings
         regarding risk management and internal control matters are reported to the AC, in line with the annual audit
         plan reviewed by the AC, and communicated to the business or corporate units concerned.

         Notwithstanding the above, the RM&IC Systems are designed to manage the risk rather than eliminate the risk
         of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
         material misstatement or loss.

   (II) Risk Management Processes and Practices
         The management maintains a risk register to identify major risks, which are then categorised into business
         risks, financial risks, compliance risks, operational risks and other risks. The risks identified are evaluated in
         terms of individual likelihood of occurrence, severity of consequence, priority and the existence of early
         warning signal. Based on the results of the assessment, the management will determine the appropriate risk
         response: acceptance, transfer, elimination, reduction or sharing, and formulate corresponding control
         activities and mitigation measures. The risk profile will be reviewed and the risk register will be updated on an
         ongoing basis to incorporate any change in the nature and extent of significant risks. Internal control
         deficiencies, if any, are communicated to the responsible parties for taking corrective action.

         The AC, through independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, conducts annual review of
         the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems and procedures, on a rotation of different cycles basis, covering all
         controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, by way of the above risk identification and
         assessment exercise. Confirmation from the management, in the form of certification that the risk
         management and internal control procedures are functioning effectively to meet the respective financial
         reporting, operational and compliance needs, is obtained from business and corporate unit heads.

         To ensure timely, fair, accurate and complete disclosure of inside information and compliance with the applicable
         laws and regulations, the Group has in place, as an internal control element, a disclosure policy of inside
         information providing guidance on reporting and dissemination of inside information and preservation of
         confidentiality. Under the policy, Directors or heads of business units shall report to the Chairman/the Chief
         Financial Officer for any potential/suspected inside information event as soon as practicable when it materialises
         for determining the nature of developments, and if required, making disclosure. All staff are also required to
         observe the code of ethical standards to keep non-public information confidential.

   (III) Periodical Reviews
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, the AC through the independent professionals to perform the
         internal audit function, had conducted review of the RM&IC Systems on behalf of the Board, including the
         adequacy of, inter alia, resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
         Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. Written management confirmation on
         the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems has been received.

         The results of the review were reported by the AC to the Board, based on which the Directors concluded that,
         for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the RM&IC Systems and procedures of the Group were
         effective and adequate. The Group has complied with the provisions in the CG Code regarding the risk
         management and internal control systems.



                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (I)    DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group
            for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
            as a whole as at the end of the financial year and of the Group’s financial performance and cash flows for the year
            then ended and in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
            Hong Kong) (the “CO”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules.

            The reporting responsibilities of the auditor of the Company in the Independent Auditor’s Report are set out on
            pages 77 to 85 of this annual report.

     (J) COMPANY SECRETARY
            The Company Secretary, Mr. Kwok Chi Kin, is an employee of the Group and has day-to-day knowledge of the
            Company’s affairs. He reports to the Chairman and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance
            matters and facilitating induction and professional development of the Directors. He also supports the Board by
            ensuring good information flow and that the policies and procedures adopted by the Board are followed. During the
            financial year ended 31 December 2020, he had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. The
            biographical details of Mr. Kwok are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
            Management” section of this annual report.

     (K) COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
            A Shareholders Communication Policy has been adopted by the Company to ensure that the Shareholders are
            provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company
            (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile),
            in order to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the Shareholders
            and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

            The Group uses several formal channels to ensure fair disclosure and comprehensive and transparent reporting of its
            performance and activities. Annual and interim reports are published/printed and printed copies of such reports or
            notifications of publication thereof on the Company’s website are sent to all Shareholders. Such reports and press
            releases are posted and are available for download at the Company’s corporate website (www.i-cablecomm.com ). In
            addition, the Company makes full use of the internet to make information broadly available to the Shareholders. The
            Company’s website provides the relevant contact information by which enquiries may be put to the Board. Constantly
            being updated in a timely manner, the website also contains a wide range of additional information on the Group’s
            business activities.

            The Company encourages its Shareholders to attend the annual general meetings of the Company to ensure a high
            level of accountability and to stay informed of the Group’s strategy and goals. The Directors and the external auditor
            are also available to answer the Shareholders’ questions at the meetings.




52   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(L) SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
   (I)   Convene a General Meeting
         Pursuant to Section 566 of the CO, on written requisition by the Shareholders representing at least 5% of the
         total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings, the Directors must convene a
         general meeting.

   (II) Send Enquiries to the Board
         The Company’s corporate website (www.i-cablecomm.com ) provides the relevant contact information (for
         enquiry purpose only) by which Shareholders may at any time address their enquiries to the Board.

   (III) Make Proposals at General Meetings
         (i)    The procedures for proposing candidate(s) for election as Director(s) at a Shareholders’ meeting are set
                out in the Corporate Information section of the Company’s corporate website.

         (ii)   The procedures for proposing resolution(s) to be moved at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) are
                as follows:

                Pursuant to Section 615 of the CO, the Shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition to move a
                resolution at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) if they represent:

                •     at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote at the annual
                      general meeting to which the requests relate; or

                •     at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to
                      which the requests relate.

                The relevant written requisition must:

                (a)   identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;

                (b)   be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

                (c)   be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the relevant annual general meeting to
                      which the requests relate; or if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.

   Any written requisitions from the Shareholders to the Company pursuant to Sections 566 and 615 of the CO must
   be deposited at the Company’s registered office.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (M) DIVIDEND POLICY
            The Board has adopted a Dividend Policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Board may from
            time to time pay to the Shareholders annual dividends, if any, on the outstanding ordinary Shares declared by and
            subject to the discretion of the Board and must be approved at a general meeting of the Shareholders. In addition,
            the Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to the Board to be
            justified, both annual dividends and interim dividends shall not exceed the amount recommended by the Board, in
            accordance with the provision of the Articles and the CO.

            The Board may only consider to make a distribution if the amount of the Company’s net assets is not less than the
            aggregate of the Company’s called up share capital and undistributable reserves; and to the extent that, the
            distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to an amount less than the aggregate of the Company’s
            called up share capital and undistributable reserves.

            The Board shall consider, including but not limited to, the following factors before the declaration and payment of
            dividends:

            (a)      the Group’s results of operations;

            (b)      the earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

            (c)      the Group’s actual and expected financial performance and conditions and liquidity position;

            (d)      the Shareholders’ interests;

            (e)      any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

            (f)      the Group’s expected working capital requirements, surplus and future expansion plans;

            (g)      contractual, statutory and regulatory restrictions;

            (h)      general economic conditions and other internal or external factors that may have any impact on the business
                     or financial performance and position of the Company; and

            (i)      any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

            The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the Shareholders’ expectations and prudent capital
            management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Board will continue to review the Dividend Policy and reserve
            the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy from time to time.

     (N) AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
            There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 December 2020. The
            consolidated version of the Articles is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




54   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors have pleasure in presenting their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries and consolidated
structured entities are set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year is provided in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” on pages
3 to 4 of this annual report, “Business Review” on pages 5 to 8 of this annual report and “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 23 to 32 of this annual report. The principal risks and uncertainties the Group faces are contained in
the section headed “Business Review” on page 8 of this annual report and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements
in this annual report. The future development of the business of the Group is provided in the sections headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets” and “Management
Discussion and Analysis— Outlook” on pages 29 to 31 of this annual report.

In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations and an account of the Group’s key relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers are contained
under the section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 10 to 22 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit
or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on pages 86 to 87 of this annual report.

DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (2019:
HK$Nil).

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the financial year ended 31 December 2020:

The aggregate amount of revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers represented less than 30% of the
Group’s total revenue for the year.

The percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 8% and 31% respectively of the Group’s total purchases for the year.

None of the Directors nor their close associates holds, nor does any Shareholder owning (to the knowledge of the
Directors) more than 5% of the number of issued Shares hold, any interests in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers or
customers.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   55
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 152 of this
     annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 13 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     BANK LOAN AND OTHER BORROWING
     Details of the bank loan and other borrowing of the Group as at 31 December 2020 including interest-bearing borrowing
     and convertible bonds are set out in Notes 24 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report
     respectively.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the Shares issued and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in Note
     26 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Details of the information in relation to the use of
     proceeds raised from the Rights Issue and the issuance of the 2019 LCS are set out in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis — Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure” on pages 26 to 27 of this Annual Report.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save for the Share Option Scheme disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme” below and the issuance of
     the 2019 LCS disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — LCS” and Note 25 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Group during
     the financial year or subsisted at the end of the financial year.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2020, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
     Shareholders, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the CO, was HK$Nil (2019: HK$Nil).




56   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Non-executive Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry
Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard
Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng
Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica

Executive Director
Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman
Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman

In accordance with Article 106(A) of the Articles, Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey, Mr. Luk Koon
Hoo, Roger and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman will retire from the Board by rotation and being eligible and shall offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting. Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger has served the Company
for more than nine years. Pursuant to the CG Code of the Listing Rules, his re-election will be subject to separate
resolution to be approved at the forthcoming annual general meeting. None of the retiring Directors proposed for re-
election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by
the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management” on pages 70 to 76 of this annual report.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     The names of all persons who, during the financial year and up to the date of this report, serve as directors of the
     companies included as subsidiaries of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are set out below:

     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Mr. CHAN Hing Cheong
     Mr. CHAN Wai Man
     Mr. CHOW Hoi Yuen Philip
     Mr. FUNG Tak Hung William
     Ms. HEW Roslyn Sook Lin
     Ms. LAI Mei Kit
     Ms. LAU Pui Ching
     Ms. LEUNG Shuk Yee Irene
     Ms. NG Ching Man Carman
     Mr. POON Wai Lam William
     Mr. SHUEN Wai Hung
     Ms. SUEN Chung Yan Julia
     Mr. WONG Hei Pui
     Ms. WONG Pui Chee Gigi

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Company received from each of Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey, Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman, Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger
     and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman a confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the
     Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the following Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years
     with more than 12 months to run irrespective of the notice period. The details of the Directors’ letters of appointment are
     set out below:

      Name of Directors                                Term of the appointment                     Remuneration per annum


      Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                         For an initial term of three years and      A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                                         renewable automatically for successive      and such other benefits as may be
                                                         terms of three years upon expiry of the     determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                         then current term of the appointment        the Board from time to time

      Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                        For an initial term of three years and      A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                                         renewable automatically for successive      and such other benefits as may be
                                                         terms of three years upon expiry of the     determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                         then current term of the appointment        the Board from time to time




58   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS (Continued)
Name of Directors              Term of the appointment                               Remuneration per annum


Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick      For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard         For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony   For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
  Ket Heng                       renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica         For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU        For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey      For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time

Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman        For an initial term of three years and                A director’s fee of HK$60,000 per annum
                                 renewable automatically for successive                and such other benefits as may be
                                 terms of three years upon expiry of the               determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                 then current term of the appointment                  the Board from time to time




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   59
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS (Continued)
      Name of Directors                                Term of the appointment                     Remuneration per annum


      Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                          For an initial term of three years and      A director’s fee of HK$80,000 per annum
                                                         renewable automatically for successive      (including a fee of HK$20,000 per annum
                                                         terms of three years upon expiry of the     in the capacity as a member of the AC),
                                                         then current term of the appointment        and such other benefits as may be
                                                                                                     determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                                                                     the Board from time to time

      Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                       For an initial term of three years and      A director’s fee of HK$80,000 per annum
                                                         renewable automatically for successive      (including a fee of HK$20,000 per annum
                                                         terms of three years upon expiry of the     in the capacity as a member of the AC)
                                                         then current term of the appointment        and such other benefits as may be
                                                                                                     determined by, and at the discretion of,
                                                                                                     the Board from time to time

     None of the Directors had service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated companies (i) which
     were continuous contracts with a notice period of 12 months or more; (ii) which were fixed term contracts with more than
     12 months to run irrespective of the notice period; or (iii) which were not expiring or determinable by the employer within
     one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
     Kong (the “SFO”)), which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions
     of Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have
     under such provisions of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
     register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     adopted by the Company, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




60   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES (Continued)
Long position in underlying Shares — Share Options
Share Options granted to the Directors

                                                                               Number of Shares issuable under the Share Options granted
                                                                        Balance                                                                Balance           Adjusted
                                                                           as at     Granted      Exercised          Lapsed      Cancelled        as at          exercise
                                  Date                Exercisable     1 January        during        during           during        during 31 December               price
  Name                            of grant            period               2020      the year      the year         the year      the year        2020          per Share
                                                                                                                                                                  (Note 2)
                                                                                                                                                                      HK$


  Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU        15 June 2018        (Note 1)       63,785,600             –               –              –               –    63,785,600           0.204

  Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry       15 June 2018        (Note 1)       63,785,600             –               –              –               –    63,785,600           0.204

  Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick       15 June 2018        (Note 1)       27,006,000             –               –              –               –    27,006,000           0.204

  Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard          15 June 2018        (Note 1)       27,006,000             –               –              –               –    27,006,000           0.204

  Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy
    Anthony Ket Heng              15 June 2018        (Note 1)        3,600,800             –               –              –               –     3,600,800           0.204

  Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU         15 June 2018        (Note 1)       36,522,400             –               –              –               –    36,522,400           0.204

                                                                    221,706,400             –               –              –               – 221,706,400


Notes:


(1)      50% of the Share Options are exercisable from 15 June 2018 to 14 June 2028 (both dates inclusive); and 50% of the Share Options are exercisable
         from 15 June 2019 to 14 June 2028 (both dates inclusive).


(2)      The exercise price per Share payable upon exercise of the outstanding Share Options granted under the Share Option Scheme was adjusted from
         HK$0.210 to HK$0.204 as a result of the Rights Issue. Details of the adjustments were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 3 June 2019.


(3)      The closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet issued by the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the Share
         Options were granted was HK$0.155.


(4)      The cash consideration paid by each of the Directors for the grant of Share Options was HK$1.00.




                                                                                   A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2020, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
     Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the
     Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required
     to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

     Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                Number of Shares
                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                    Interest of                             percentage of
                                                         Beneficial                Spouse         a controlled       Other                  the number of
      Name of Shareholder                                   owner                  interest       corporation      interest         Total   issued Shares


      Forever Top (Asia) Limited                    7,627,722,894                           –                –           – 7,627,722,894         106.91%
                                                          (Note 1)

      NG Hung Sang                                    156,089,500             96,022,500          463,876,000            –    715,988,000         10.04%
                                                                                 (Note 2)             (Note 3)

      NG Lai King Pamela                                96,022,500          619,965,500                      –           –    715,988,000         10.04%
                                                                                (Note 4)

      South China Securities Limited                  463,000,000                           –                –           –    463,000,000          6.49%
                                                          (Note 3)

     Notes:


     1.       These 7,627,722,894 Shares represent 3,083,722,894 Shares owned by the Controlling Shareholder and 4,544,000,000 new Shares to be issued
              by the Company upon full exercise of the conversion rights under the 2019 LCS in the principal amount of HK$568 million based on the initial
              conversion price of HK$0.125 per conversion share.


     2.       Ng Hung Sang, the spouse of Ng Lai King Pamela, was deemed to be interested in 96,022,500 Shares which Ng Lai King Pamela is interested in
              under the SFO.


     3.       Ng Hung Sang was deemed to be interested in 463,876,000 Shares in which his controlled corporations are interested under the SFO. South China
              Finance and Management Limited directly held 876,000 Shares, while South China Securities Limited directly held 463,000,000 Shares. Both of
              these companies were 100% held by South China Financial Holdings Limited. South China Financial Holdings Limited was held as to 29.36% by Ng
              Hung Sang, among which 25.66% was held through his 100% owned corporations, while according to publicly available information, 3.70% was held
              by him as beneficial owner.


     4.       Ng Lai King Pamela, the spouse of Ng Hung Sang, was deemed to be interested in 619,965,500 Shares which Ng Hung Sang is interested in under
              the SFO.




62   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


DILUTIVE IMPACT ON THE SHARES IN THE EVENT THAT ALL THE OUTSTANDING 2019
LCS WERE CONVERTED
On 4 June 2019, the Company issued the 2019 LCS with the principal amount of HK$568 million to the Controlling
Shareholder. As at 31 December 2020, none of the 2019 LCS was converted.


The following table sets out, for illustrative purpose only, the dilutive impact on the then number of issued Shares and the
shareholding of the substantial shareholder (which has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules) of the Company
as at 31 December 2020, assuming (i) 4,544,000,000 Shares were issued upon full conversion of the outstanding 2019
LCS on 31 December 2020 at the conversion price of HK$0.125 per conversion share, and (ii) that there were no other
changes to the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2020:


                                                                                              Immediately upon full conversion
                                               As at 31 December 2020                                       of the 2019 LCS
                                                                   Approximate                                                   Approximate
                                                                 percentage of                                                 percentage of
                                                                           the total                                                    the total
                                                Number of              number of                      Number of                      number of
 Shareholders                               issued Shares        issued Shares                  issued Shares                  issued Shares


 Forever Top                                3,083,722,894                      43.22            7,627,722,894                                65.31
 Other Shareholders                         4,050,900,626                      56.78            4,050,900,626                                34.69


 Total                                      7,134,623,520                    100.00           11,678,623,520                               100.00


The full conversion of the outstanding 2019 LCS would not have dilutive impact on the loss per Share of the Group.

The 2019 LCS is not redeemable before the maturity date unless there is an occurrence of certain events as stipulated in
the LCS subscription agreement dated 25 January 2019. The maturity date of the 2019 LCS is the end of tenth year from
date of the issue of the 2019 LCS. Considering (1) the fact that the 2019 LCS will become mature in 2029; (2) the fact
that there are no circumstances leading to a possible indication that there may be an early redemption of the 2019 LCS;
and (3) the financial position and resources of the Group, it is expected that the Company will be able to meet its
redemption obligations under the 2019 LCS when it becomes due.

It would be equally financially advantageous for the holder of the 2019 LCS (i.e. Forever Top) to convert or redeem the
2019 LCS based on the implied internal rate of return of the 2019 LCS at the Company’s share price of HK$0.086 and
HK$0.091 if Forever Top fully converts the 2019 LCS on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 respectively.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company previously adopted a share option scheme on 2 November 1999 which expired on 2 November 2009 and
     all outstanding unexercised share options granted thereunder expired on 31 December 2009. The Company adopted the
     new Share Option Scheme on 24 May 2018 which shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years from the date of
     adoption.

     Purpose of the scheme:                                                The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best
                                                                           available personnel, to provide additional incentives to the eligible persons,
                                                                           to recognise and acknowledge the contributions that the eligible persons
                                                                           have made or may make to the Group and to promote the success of the
                                                                           business of the Group.

     Participants of the scheme:                                           Any person who is (or will be on the date of grant) an employee of the
                                                                           Group, a Director, a consultant or an advisor, as may be determined by
                                                                           the Directors from time to time.

     Total number of Shares available for issue                            The Company had granted Share Options to certain eligible participants
     under the scheme and percentage of issued                             to subscribe for a total of 241,562,240 Shares under the Share Option
     Shares as at the date of this annual report:                          Scheme as at the date of this report, representing approximately 3.39%
                                                                           of the total number of Shares as at the date of this report.

     Maximum entitlement of each participant                               Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued
     under the scheme:                                                     and to be issued upon the exercise of the Share Options granted to each
                                                                           eligible person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding Options) in
                                                                           any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the relevant class of
                                                                           securities of the Company in issue.

     The period within which the Shares must be                            The period as notified by the Board upon the grant of Share Options
     taken up under an option:                                             during which it may be exercised, such period not to exceed 10 years
                                                                           from the date of grant of the relevant Share Options.

     The minimum period for which an option                                Any period as determined by the Board.
     must be held before it can be exercised:

     The amount payable on application or                                  The amount payable for the acceptance of a Share Option shall be
     acceptance of the option and the period                               HK$1.00 which shall be paid upon acceptance of the offer of such Share
     within which payments or calls must or may                            Option. This consideration shall not be refundable to the participant and
     be made or loans for such purposes must                               shall not be deemed to be a part payment of the exercise price.
     be paid:




64   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

The basis of determining the exercise price:          The exercise price of the Share Option shall be at a price determined by
                                                      the Board and notified to a participant.

                                                      The exercise price shall not be less than the higher of:

                                                      (A)     the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as stated in
                                                              the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant of
                                                              such Share Option; and

                                                      (B)     the average closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as
                                                              stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
                                                              business days immediately preceding the date of grant of such
                                                              Share Option.

The remaining life of the scheme:                     The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
                                                      years from the date of adoption, i.e. 24 May 2018.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, movement of Shares issuable under the Share Options granted by the
Company to eligible persons was as follows:

a.     Details of the movement of Share Options granted to the Directors are disclosed under section headed “Directors’
       Interests in Securities” above.

b.     Details of the movement of Share Options granted to other eligible persons (other than the Directors) are as follows:

                                                                      Number of Shares issuable under the Share Options granted
                                                               Balance                                                                Balance           Adjusted
                                                                  as at     Granted      Exercised          Lapsed      Cancelled        as at          exercise
                                           Exercisable       1 January        during        during           during        during 31 December               price
 Eligible Persons          Date of grant   period                 2020      the year      the year         the year      the year        2020          per Share
                                                                                                                                                         (Note 2)
                                                                                                                                                             HK$


 Employees                 15 June 2018    (Note 1)         35,802,240             –               – (19,547,200)                 –    16,255,040           0.204

 Other participant         15 June 2018    (Note 1)          3,600,800             –               –              –               –     3,600,800           0.204


                                                            39,403,040             –               – (19,547,200)                 –    19,855,840




                                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
     Notes:


     (1)      50% of the Share Options are exercisable from 15 June 2018 to 14 June 2028 (both dates inclusive); and 50% of the Share Options are exercisable
              from 15 June 2019 to 14 June 2028 (both dates inclusive).


     (2)      The exercise price per Share payable upon exercise of the outstanding Share Options granted under the Share Option Scheme was adjusted from
              HK$0.210 to HK$0.204 as a result of the Rights Issue. Details of the adjustments were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 3 June
              2019.


     (3)      The closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet issued by the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the Share
              Options were granted was HK$0.155.


     (4)      The cash consideration paid by each of the eligible persons for the grant of Share Options was HK$1.00.


     The fair value of the Share Options granted as at the date of grant, 15 June 2018, was estimated at approximately HK$21
     million using the Binomial option pricing model. Value was estimated based on the risk-free rate at 2.25% per annum with
     reference to the market yield rates of the Hong Kong Government Bond (maturing on 22 August 2028) as of the value
     date, a historical volatility of 66.08% calculated based on the historical price with period equals to the life of the Share
     options, assuming zero dividend yield based on historical dividend payout records. Share Options which are forfeited prior
     to the expiry date will be released directly to the reserve. The Binomial option pricing model requires input of subjective
     assumptions such as the expected stock price volatility. Change in the subjective input may materially affect the fair value
     estimates. With regard to the subjectivity and uncertainty of the values of the options, such values are subject to a number
     of assumptions and the limitation of the Binomial option pricing model.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Material Related Party Transaction” in Note 31 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this annual report, and the contracts amongst group companies, no transaction, arrangement or contract of
     significance to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or any entities
     connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the financial year
     or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2020.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2020.

     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Material Related Party Transactions” in Note 31 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this annual report, there were no other contracts of significance between the Company, or any of its
     subsidiaries, and a controlling Shareholder or any its subsidiaries subsisting at the end of the year or at any time during
     the financial year.




66    i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER (Continued)
On 27 January 2021, the Company and the Controlling Shareholder entered into the 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement,
pursuant to the 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement, the Company has conditionally agreed to issue, and the Controlling
Shareholder has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the 2021 LCS. The principal amount of the 2021 LCS is HK$200
million. The initial conversion price is HK$0.068 per the new Share to be issued upon exercise of the conversion rights
under the 2021 LCS. The coupon rate is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The maturity date of the 2021 LCS is
the end of tenth year from date of the issue of the 2021 LCS. On the maturity date, all of the remaining outstanding 2021
LCS will be redeemed by the Company at one hundred percent of the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 LCS
together with any interest accrued but unpaid thereon. The 2021 LCS is convertible into Shares at any time during the
period from the date of the issue of the 2021 LCS up to the close of business on the maturity date, subject to the
conversion restrictions. The Company may at any time on or after the date of issue of the 2021 LCS by giving not less
than ten business days’ written notice to the holder of the 2021 LCS to redeem all or part of the 2021 LCS at the
outstanding principal amount of the 2021 LCS together with all accrued but unpaid interest. Details of the 2021 LCS are
set out in the announcement of the Company dated 27 January 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 2 March
2021. The 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder were approved by the
independent Shareholders on 23 March 2021.

ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the financial year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary of
such holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means
of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, with the exception that during the
year, there existed certain outstanding options to subscribe for ordinary Shares, granted under Share Option Scheme to
certain Directors. Details of the Share Options granted to the Directors were disclosed under the section headed
“Directors’ Interests in Securities” in this report. During the year ended 31 December 2020, no Share Option held by the
Directors was exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the Share Option Scheme.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors (other than Independent Non-executive Directors)
are considered to have interests in the businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly with
the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Articles, every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs,
charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution and/or discharge of
his/her duties and/or the exercise of his/her powers and/or otherwise in relation to or in connection with his/her duties,
powers or office, to the extent as permitted by laws.

The Company has maintained director’s liability insurance throughout the year, which provides appropriate cover for the
Directors and the directors of the subsidiaries of the Company for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of corporate
activities.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     RETIREMENT SCHEME AND MANDATORY PROVIDENT FUND
     The principal retirement scheme operated by the Group is a defined contribution retirement scheme for its employees,
     established under a trust deed. The forfeited contributions may be used by the employer to reduce the existing level of
     contributions.

     The scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers. The employees and employers contribute
     respectively to the scheme sums which represent percentages of the employees’ salaries as defined under the trust deed.

     The Group’s principal retirement scheme is closed to new employees joining after 1 October 2000 while existing members
     of the scheme can continue to accrue future benefits.

     Employees joining after 1 October 2000 will participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund, which is not operated by the
     Group, with terms as stipulated by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. The Group will also provide
     voluntary top-up benefits to employees receiving a monthly basic salary exceeding the statutory limits prescribed by the
     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

     For the retirement scheme operated by the Group, retirement scheme costs before capitalisation during the financial year
     ended 31 December 2020 amounted to approximately HK$9,896,000 (2019: HK$13,611,000) which were incurred after
     utilisation of forfeitures to reduce the Group’s contributions of approximately HK$541,000 (2019: HK$88,000).

     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES
     On 19 March 2019, Hong Kong Cable Television Limited (“HKC”) as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor, confirmed
     the acceptance of a facility letter issued by a bank (the “Lender”), as the lender, in respect of, among other things, a
     HK$400,000,000 revolving loan facility (the “Revolving Loan Facility”) being subject to review at any time and in any event
     not less than annually by the Lender; and on 15 March 2019, the Company, as applicant, (together with HKC, the
     “Borrowers”) confirmed the acceptance of a facility letter issued by the Lender in respect of a HK$33,830,000
     performance bond facility (the “Performance Bond Facility”) with a maximum tenor of five years being subject to review at
     any time.

     Pursuant to the facility letters in relation to both the Revolving Loan Facility and the Performance Bond Facility, the
     Borrowers have undertaken that Forever Top, the Controlling Shareholder, would (i) hold greater than 35% of the total
     number of the issued Shares and (ii) be the single largest Shareholder of the Company. In the event of a breach of the
     aforesaid covenant, the Lender has the right to suspend, withdraw or make demand in respect of the whole or any part of
     the respective facilities made available to the relevant Borrower at any time or determine whether or not to permit
     drawings in relation to the respective facilities.

     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the above specific performance obligations under the Revolving Loan Facility
     and the Performance Bond Facility have been complied with. Details of the transactions were set out in the
     announcements of the Company dated 17 April 2018 and 18 December 2018.




68   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The related party transactions entered into by the Group during the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are disclosed in
the section headed “Material Related Party Transaction” in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report. These transactions include amounts which fall under the definition of “connected transaction” or “continuing
connected transaction” in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing
connected transactions entered into by the Group during the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during
the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
At the date of this annual report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge
of the Directors, the percentage of the Shares which are in the hands of the public exceeds 25.0% of the Company’s total
number of issued Shares.

AUDITOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers was appointed as auditor of the Company upon the retirement of KMPG as its term of office
expired with effect from the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on 24 May 2018.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group now presented have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers,
Certified Public Accountants who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment, at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company.



On behalf of the Board




Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu
Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   69
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
            (i)      Directors
                     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Age: 66)
                     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, B.Sc., was appointed as the chairman of the Board and a non-executive director of
                     the Company in September 2017. He is also the chairman and a member of the NC and a member of the CC.

                     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu holds a double degree of Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and
                     Economics at the University of Sophia, Japan. He is a prominent businessman with over 30 years’ experience
                     in the property development and extensive experience in the hotel development. In his business career, he
                     established a number of highly successful business operation through organic growth and acquisitions,
                     covering Mainland China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Australia. Since 1978, Tan Sri Dato’
                     David Chiu had been the managing director of Far East Consortium Limited, the predecessor of Far East
                     Consortium International Limited (“FECIL”), a listed public company in Hong Kong. He was appointed as the
                     deputy chairman and chief executive officer of FECIL on 8 December 1994 and 8 October 1997 respectively.
                     On 8 September 2011, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu has been appointed as the chairman of FECIL. He is also a
                     director of Forever Top, a controlling shareholder of the Company.

                     In regard to Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu’s devotion to community services in China and Hong Kong, he was
                     appointed as the member of the 12th and 13th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conferences, the vice
                     chairman of All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce in 2017. Currently, he is a trustee member of The
                     Better Hong Kong Foundation, an honorary chairman of Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration-People and Forces’
                     Committee, a director and a member of Concerted Efforts Resource Centre, a patron of China-United States
                     Exchange Foundation, an honorary chairman of Guangdong Chamber of Foreign Investors, an honorary
                     chairman of the Association of Chinese Culture of Hong Kong, the 8th board member of Friends of Hong
                     Kong Association, a member of Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, a member of the Constitutional
                     Reform Synergy, a member of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a member of Pacific
                     Basin Economic Council, a director of three Ju Ching Chu Schools in Hong Kong and the vice chairman of
                     Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Radio and Television Union. In Malaysia, Tan Sri Dato’
                     David Chiu was awarded an honorary award which carried the title “Dato” and a more senior honorary title of
                     “Tan Sri” by His Majesty, King of Malaysia in 1997 and 2005 respectively. He was also awarded the WCEF
                     Lifetime Achievement Awards by Asian Strategy & Leadership Institute in 2013.

                     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu is the father of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company,
                     and the brother of the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director
                     of the Company.




70   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Age: 74)
          Dr. Cheng was appointed as the vice-chairman of the Board and a non-executive director of the Company in
          September 2017. Dr. Cheng is the chairman and executive director of New World Development Company
          Limited, NWS Holdings Limited and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, the chairman and non-executive
          director of New World Department Store China Limited and FSE Services Group Limited, and a non-executive
          director of DTXS Silk Road Investment Holdings Company Limited, all of them are listed public companies in
          Hong Kong. He was an independent non-executive director of HKR International Limited and Hang Seng
          Bank Limited up to his resignation on 31 March 2018 and retirement on 10 May 2018 respectively, the
          chairman and non-executive director of Newton Resources Ltd up to his resignation on 9 April 2018, and a
          non-executive director of SJM Holdings Limited up to his retirement on 11 June 2019, all of them are listed
          public companies in Hong Kong. He is a director and honorary chairman of New World China Land Limited.
          He is a director of Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings) Limited, Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited,
          Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited, Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. Dr.
          Cheng is also a director of Forever Top, a controlling shareholder of the Company.

          Dr. Cheng is the chairman of the Advisory Council for The Better Hong Kong Foundation. He was a Standing
          Committee Member of the Twelfth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of The People’s
          Republic of China. Dr. Cheng was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and the Grand Bauhinia Medal in 2001
          and 2017 respectively by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

          Dr. Cheng is the uncle of the spouse of Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, a non-executive director of the Company.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   71
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (i)      Directors (Continued)
                     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick (Age: 49)
                     Mr. Tsang was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also a
                     member of the CC.

                     Mr. Tsang is the chief executive officer and director of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. He is also an
                     executive director of Melbourne Enterprises Limited and UMP Healthcare Holdings Limited, and a non-
                     executive director of Greenheart Group Limited, Integrated Waste Solutions Group Holdings Limited and SJM
                     Holdings Limited, all of which are listed public companies in Hong Kong. Mr. Tsang is a director of Cheng Yu
                     Tung Foundation Limited and Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited, a governor of Chow Tai Fook Charity
                     Foundation Limited, a member of Hong Kong Chief Executive Election Committee, and a General Committee
                     member of Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong. He has been a member of the 12th Henan Provincial
                     Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference since 2018. Mr. Tsang obtained a
                     Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Columbia College of Columbia University in New York, USA.

                     Mr. Tsang’s spouse is a niece of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, a non-executive director of the Company.

                     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard (Age: 52)
                     Mr. Hoong, B.Eng., ACA, was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
                     also a member of the AC. He is an executive director of FECIL, a listed public company in Hong Kong, since
                     August 2012. He joined FECIL in September 2008 as the managing director. He is responsible for the
                     formulation and implementation of FECIL’s overall strategies for development.

                     Prior to joining FECIL, Mr. Hoong was the chief executive officer of China LotSynergy Holdings Limited, a
                     listed public company in Hong Kong, where he retired as a non-executive director of the company with effect
                     from 1 June 2017.

                     Mr. Hoong was an investment banker for over 12 years and had held senior positions at Deutsche Bank and
                     UBS where he was responsible for corporate finance business in Asia. Besides, he was a director of AGORA
                     Hospitality Group Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, until March 2017 and is a non-
                     independent non-executive director of Land & General Berhad, a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia. Mr.
                     Hoong is also a director of Forever Top, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

                     Mr. Hoong is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and holds a
                     bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Imperial College, University of London.

                     Mr. LIE KEN JIE Remy Anthony Ket Heng (Age: 42)
                     Mr. Lie Ken Jie was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in July 2019. He is currently a
                     Senior Vice President of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited with responsibilities in making strategic
                     investments globally. Mr. Lie Ken Jie holds a Master’s degree in Finance and a Master’s degree in Civil
                     Engineering, both from Imperial College London in the United Kingdom.




72   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Ms. NG Yuk Mui Jessica (Age: 42)
          Ms. Ng was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in July 2019. She is an executive director,
          the executive vice chairman, chief executive officer and a member of the executive committee of South China
          Financial Holdings Limited whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, and the
          executive vice chairman of South China Media group.

          She is also a non-executive director of South China Holdings Company Limited whose shares are listed on
          the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and an executive director and the executive vice chairman of South
          China Assets Holdings Limited whose shares are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock
          Exchange.

          She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from King’s College London, University of London in the United
          Kingdom and was admitted to the Hong Kong Bar in 2006. She is an associate member of the Chartered
          Institute of Management Accountants and a member of 12th Hebei Provincial Committee of the Chinese
          People’s Political Consultative Conference.

          Ms. Ng is the daughter of Mr. Ng Hung Sang, who, together with his spouse and companies controlled by
          him, is interested in approximately 10.04% of the total number of issued shares of the Company.

          Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU (Age: 32)
          Mr. Chiu was appointed as an executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also the
          authorised representative of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is the
          founder and the executive chairman of Land Pacific Limited, Deacon House International Limited and Ariana
          Social Community Limited. Land Pacific Limited was formed in 2013 is a property development company
          focusing on residential and commercial developments in South East Asia. Deacon House International Limited
          formed in 2015 is a hotel company based on Chinese contemporary designs and influences, exemplifying
          Chinese cultures and traditions with a modern twist. Ariana Social Community Limited formed in 2016 is a
          community based student housing company with its flagship property in Farringdon, London and projects
          pipelined in England, Australia and North America.

          Mr. Chiu started his career with DTZ Hong Kong in 2008, he joined FECIL, a listed public company in Hong
          Kong in 2009 and was appointed as the business development manager of FECIL in 2012. He is responsible
          for property investment and development for FECIL. From 2015, Mr. Chiu serves as the assistant to the
          chairman of FECIL. He is also a director of Malaysia Land Properties Sdn Bhd, and a non-independent non-
          executive director of Land & General Berhad, a company whose shares are listed on the Bursa Malaysia. Mr.
          Chiu was a director and vice chairman of the board of directors of AMTD International Inc., a company listed
          on both the New York Stock Exchange and the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Security Trading
          Limited up to his resignation in December 2020. He is a member of Hong Kong General Chamber of
          Commerce and a member of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

          Mr. Chiu is the son of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the Company, and the nephew of
          the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director of the Company.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   73
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (i)      Directors (Continued)
                     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP (Age: 69)
                     Mr. Lam was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
                     also the chairman and a member of the CC and a member of the NC. Mr. Lam holds a bachelor degree in
                     mechanical engineering from Tufts University in the United States. He has over 40 years of experience in the
                     toy industry and is currently the managing director of Forward Winsome Industries Limited which is engaged
                     in toy manufacturing.

                     Mr. Lam is an independent non-executive director of Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, C C Land
                     Holdings Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited, Wynn Macau, Limited, CWT International
                     Limited, Wing Tai Properties Limited, Analogne Holdings Limited and China Strategic Holdings Limited, all of
                     which are listed public companies in Hong Kong.

                     Mr. Lam is a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
                     He also holds a number of other public and community service positions including being a non-official member
                     of the Executive Council and a member of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong, a general committee member
                     of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the chairman of Independent Commission Against
                     Corruption (ICAC) Complaints Committee, a director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited and a
                     member of the board of directors of Heifer International-Hong Kong.

                     Dr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP (Age: 67)
                     Dr. Hu, B.Sc., FCIBSE, FHKIE, MIEEE, C. Eng., has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since
                     April 2012. He is also a member of the CC. He is the chairman of Ryoden Development Limited. Dr. Hu has
                     been re-elected as a Deputy to the 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China. He is
                     the vice-chairman of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce, Hong Kong. He is also a general
                     committee member and chairman of Mainland China Committee of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong,
                     the Vice-President of the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China, an Honorary Court
                     Member of The Hong Kong University of Science & Technology, a member of the Election Committee of the
                     Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Vice Patron of The Community Chest of
                     Hong Kong. He was awarded the Honour of Silver Bauhinia Star (SBS) by the Government of the Hong Kong
                     Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China on 30 June 2017.




74   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP (Age: 69)
          Mr. Luk, FHKIB, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since September 2010. He
          also serves as the chairman and a member of the AC and a member of each of the CC and NC. He has over
          30 years of comprehensive experience in accounting and financial management. He joined Hang Seng Bank
          in 1975, became the bank’s director and deputy chief executive in 1994 and then became managing director
          and deputy chief executive of the bank in 1996 until his retirement in May 2005. Mr. Luk is an independent
          non-executive director of four companies publicly listed in Hong Kong, namely, China Properties Group
          Limited, Computime Group Limited, Hung Hing Printing Group Limited and Harbour Centre Development
          Limited. Mr. Luk was formerly an independent non-executive director of Wheelock Properties Limited, formerly
          a listed public company until it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wheelock and Company Limited in July
          2010, from February 2008 to July 2010. He also serves as a council member of The Chinese University of
          Hong Kong and a non-executive director (non-official) of Urban Renewal Authority. Mr. Luk also served in the
          past on the Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University, the Advisory Committee on New Broad-
          based Taxes, the Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong
          Government, the Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority, the Advisory Committee and the
          Investor Education Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures Commission, the Barristers Disciplinary
          Tribunal Panel, the Operations Review Committee of ICAC and the Town Planning Board. He was an
          appointed member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to 1995, and also a member of the first
          Election Committee of the Legislative Council.

          Mr. Luk graduated with a Bachelor of Social Sciences Degree in Statistics from The University of Hong Kong
          and also holds a Master of Business Administration Degree granted by The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
          He is a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Bankers. He is also a Non-official Justice of the Peace and was
          awarded the honour of Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2004 in recognition of his contributions to public services.

          Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman (Age: 64)
          Mr. Tang has been appointed an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2014. He
          is also a member of the AC. He holds a Master degree in Electrical Engineering and a degree of Doctor in
          Medicine from the University of Southern California, the United States of America. Mr. Tang is a seasoned
          entrepreneur in the hospitality industry and has over 20 years of experience in investment and operation of
          restaurants, cafes and bars. He is the founder and owner of the Epicurean Group and also served as the
          chairman and chief executive officer of Epicurean and Company, Limited (now known as StarGlory Holdings
          Company Limited), a listed public company in Hong Kong, until his resignation in November 2016.

          Mr. Tang is the brother of the sister-in-law of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the
          Company, and the brother of the aunt of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   75
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)


     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
            (ii)     Senior Management
                     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary (Age: 44)
                     Mr. Kwok joined the Group in September 2017 and he is the Chief Financial Officer and the Company
                     Secretary of the Company. He is also the authorised representative of the Company. He is responsible for the
                     accounting and financial management, company secretarial matters and corporate governance functions of
                     the Group. Mr. Kwok obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance with First Class Honours
                     from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. He is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of
                     Certified Public Accountants and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, a Chartered Secretary, a
                     Chartered Governance Professional and an associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
                     Secretaries and The Chartered Governance Institute. He has over 20 years of experience in auditing,
                     accounting and financial management, company secretarial practice, and corporate governance. Prior to
                     joining the Group, he worked for an international accounting firm and was the chief financial officer and the
                     company secretary of International Entertainment Corporation, a company listed on the Main Board of the
                     Stock Exchange, from May 2004 to June 2017.

                     Mr. CHAN Wai Man, Chief Technology Officer (Age: 55)
                     Mr. Chan has been appointed as the Chief Technology Officer of the Company in July 2019. Mr. Chan joined
                     the Group in September 1993. At the time that he joined the Group in 1993, he was responsible for the
                     operations and technical support of television broadcasting system. Throughout his career with the Group, he
                     gained extensive experience in television broadcasting, telecommunications and data communication
                     engineering. He was appointed as Vice President, Network Operations in July 2014. In March 2018, Mr. Chan
                     was promoted to Senior Vice President, Network and Engineering Operations, responsible for the
                     development and operation of the Group’s television broadcasting and broadband distribution networks, as
                     well as the New Media and Management Information Systems. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of
                     the Company. Mr. Chan holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree (First Class Honours) and a Master of
                     Science degree in Electronic Engineering.




76   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the members of i-CABLE Communications Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and its
consolidated structured entities (the “Group”) set out on pages 86 to 151, which comprise:

•     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;

•     the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on these matters.

     Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

     •       Assessment of going concern assumption
     •       Assessment of impairment or property, plant & equipment (“PP&E”), right-of-use assets, programming library and
             other related intangible assets
     •       Assessment of the recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets

         Key Audit Matter                                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


         Assessment of going concern assumption                                            Our audit procedures to assess the appropriateness of
                                                                                           management’s preparation of the consolidated financial
         Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial                                     statements on a going concern basis, included the following:
         statements.
                                                                                           •    Understanding management’s controls and processes in
         During the year ended 31 December 2020 the Group                                       relation to the preparation of cash flow projection and
         recorded a net loss of HK$275 million (2019: HK$397                                    assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement by
         million) and net current liabilities of HK$413 million as                              considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and the
         at 31 December 2020 (2019: HK$252 million).                                            judgement involved in preparing the cash flow projection
                                                                                                for the purpose of going concern assessment;
         Included in its current liabilities was an interest-bearing
         borrowing of HK$295 million drawn from a banking                                  •    Obtaining management’s cash flow projection and
         facility of HK$400 million which was immediately                                       discussing with senior management to understand their
         repayable on demand and subject to review at any                                       future operation plans in the Forecast Period;
         time from the date of this report and in any event not
         less than annually from the last review date.                                     •    Comparing the key assumptions used, including the
                                                                                                revenue growth rate, estimated operating expenses, with
         These factors casted doubt on the Group’s ability to                                   historical trend and new business plans to challenge the
         continue as a going concern. The Directors reviewed                                    reasonableness of the key assumptions adopted by
         the Group’s cash flow projection (including both base                                  management in the Forecast Period;
         case and downside scenarios) in the going concern
         assessment prepared by management which covered                                   •    Enquiring management of the availability of financing
         for a period of not less than twelve months from 31                                    facilities, other recourse to financing and proposed fund
         December 2020 (“Forecast Period”) and have taken                                       raising activities;
         into account the following plans and measures and
         considered that it is appropriate to prepare the
         consolidated financial statements on a going concern
         basis:




78   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


(1)   The Group expected to complete the issue of the        •      Inspecting all the relevant supporting information and
      unlisted long-term convertible bonds of HK$200                agreements to confirm the availability of the financing
      million to Forever Top (Asia) Limited (“Forever               facilities, financial support and other sources of financing
      Top”) which holds 43.2% shareholding of the                   (if any);
      Company in late March 2021.
                                                             •      Assessing evidence provided by management as well as
(2)   The banking facility will be successfully renewed             other corroborating evidence in evaluating whether
      such that the outstanding loan balance of                     Forever Top is financially capable to provide financial
      HK$295 million will be rolled over with                       support to the Group;
      substantially the same terms as the current
      facility;                                              •      Evaluating management’s sensitivity analyses around the
                                                                    key assumptions in the cash flow projection, to ascertain
(3)   There have been continuing progress and                       that the extent and likelihood of such changes have been
      achievements of the organisational restructuring              appropriately considered; and
      which include cost saving initiatives, introduction
      of new contents, cooperation model with other          •      Considering whether the disclosures relating to going
      partners and strategic review of its business                 concern included in the consolidated financial statements
      portfolio;                                                    are appropriate.

(4)   Forever Top which is financially supported by its      Based on our work, we found that the key assumptions used
      beneficial shareholders, has also confirmed its        in the management’s cash flow projection were supported by
      intention to provide further financial support, from   the available evidence.
      time to time as and when is necessary to the
      Group in the next twelve months from 31
      December 2020.

 As the going concern assessment involved significant
 judgements and estimates made by management as
 disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, we
 determined this area to be a key audit matter.




                                                                 A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Key Audit Matter                                                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Assessment of impairment of PP&E, right-of-use                                       Our audit procedures to assess the impairment of PP&E, right-
      assets, programming library and other related                                        of-use assets, programming library and other related intangible
      intangible assets                                                                    assets included the following:

      Refer to Notes 4(b), 13, 14, 15 and 16 to the                                        •    Understanding management’s controls and processes in
      consolidated financial statements.                                                        relation to the preparation of impairment assessment and
                                                                                                assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement by
      The carrying values of PP&E, right-of-use assets, the                                     considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and the
      programming library and other related intangible                                          judgement on key assumptions used in preparing the
      assets as at 31 December 2020 were HK$704 million,                                        cash flow forecast for the purpose of impairment
      HK$112 million, HK$71 million and HK$15 million,                                          assessment;
      respectively. The Group incurred a loss for the year
      ended 31 December 2020 of HK$275 million (2019:                                      •    Evaluating management’s identification of CGU and
      HK$397 million). Accordingly, management                                                  whether the assets generate cash inflows that are largely
      considered that there were indicators of potential                                        independent, based on our understanding of the Group’s
      impairment of PP&E, right-of-use assets,                                                  business;
      programming library and other related intangible
      assets.                                                                              •    Evaluating the valuer’s independence, competence,
                                                                                                capabilities and objectivity;
      Management has performed an impairment
      assessment as at 31 December 2020 with reference                                     •    Discussing with the valuer the valuation approach, key
      to valuation performed by an independent professional                                     assumptions, methodology used in the valuation of the
      valuer which has incorporated management’s cash                                           CGU;
      flow forecasts. The recoverable amount of an asset or
      a cash generating unit (“CGU”) is the greater of its                                 •    Comparing the historical accuracy of management’s
      value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. The                                   forecasts to actual results to assess the reliability of
      impairment assessment prepared by management                                              management’s forecasts;
      uses the value in use model to determine the
      recoverable amount of the CGU to which these assets
      are allocated. The CGU identified for impairment
      assessment of PP&E, right-of-use assets,
      programming library and other related intangible
      assets is the Group as a whole.




80   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Value in use is calculated by preparing discounted       •      Reconciling input data in the discounted cash flow
cash flows for the CGU. Significant management                  forecasts to supporting evidence, such as checking the
judgement was involved in the identification of CGUs,           cash flows to the approved budgets, assessing the
whether cash inflows are largely independent and in             annual growth rate against Group’s business
determining the key assumptions adopted in the cash             development plans and benchmarking the long term
flow forecast, including forecast revenue, forecast             growth rate and the discount rate with industry
programming costs, forecast network and other                   comparables and involving our valuation experts to
expenses, annual growth rates, long term growth rate            evaluate the reasonableness of these inputs against our
and discount rates under the value in use calculation.          knowledge of the industry and the Group;
There was no impairment loss identified based on this
impairment assessment.                                   •      Testing the mathematical accuracy of the discounted
                                                                cash flow model; and
We focused on this area because the impairment
assessments prepared by management require               •      Evaluating management’s sensitivity analyses around the
significant judgement and estimates.                            key assumptions, to ascertain the extent to which
                                                                adverse changes, both individually or in aggregate, would
                                                                indicate that the PP&E, right-of-use assets, programming
                                                                library and other related intangible assets were impaired.

                                                         Based on our work, we found that the key assumptions
                                                         adopted in relation to this impairment assessment were
                                                         supported by the available evidence.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   81
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Key Audit Matter                                                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Assessment of the recoverability of recognised                                       Our audit procedures to assess the recoverability of recognised
      deferred tax assets                                                                  deferred tax assets included the following:

      Refer to Notes 4(a) and 27(b) to the consolidated                                    •    Understanding management’s controls and processes in
      financial statements.                                                                     relation to the preparation of the assessment of the
                                                                                                recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets and
      As at 31 December 2020, the Group had recognised                                          assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement by
      net deferred tax assets of HK$301 million, for which                                      considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and the
      deferred tax assets of HK$351 million relate to the                                       judgement involved in estimating the forecasts of the
      future benefit of unutilised tax losses without expiry                                    Group’s profit or loss and the forecasts of future taxable
      date. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the                                            profits of the relevant entities with the deferred tax
      Group incurred a consolidated loss before taxation of                                     assets;
      HK$275 million which may indicate that the
      recognised deferred tax assets may not be                                            •    Assessing management’s forecast results of the Group
      recoverable, in whole or in part.                                                         against the new business development, approved
                                                                                                business plans, signed contracts of different sources of
      With a history of recent losses, management                                               income and the trends of customer bases;
      recognises deferred tax assets in respect of the future
      benefit of unutilised tax losses for individual entities, to                         •    Comparing the key assumptions in the forecasts of
      the extent that the entities have sufficient taxable                                      taxable profits of the relevant entities with those used in
      temporary differences or there is convincing other                                        the Group’s forecast results to ensure consistencies
      evidence that sufficient taxable profits will be available                                between the forecasts, and testing the mathematical
      against which the tax losses can be utilised by the                                       accuracy of the forecasts;
      entities.
                                                                                           •    Challenging management’s key assumptions in the
      The determination of the recoverability of deferred tax                                   forecasts of the probable future taxable profits of the
      assets requires significant management judgement in                                       relevant entities and the periods over which management
      estimating and evaluating the likelihood of future                                        expects the tax losses to be utilised by the entities and
      taxable profits (including forecast revenue and forecast                                  evaluating the historical profitability, future profitability,
      expenses) and the timing of utilisation of the tax                                        loss utilisation trends and availability of tax losses
      losses. We focused on this area because of the                                            recognised for the relevant entities taking into account
      inherent uncertainties involved in forecasting future                                     any unsettled disputes or queries raised by the relevant
      taxable profits.                                                                          tax authorities; and

                                                                                           •    Evaluating and challenging management’s sensitivity
                                                                                                analyses around the key assumptions adopted in the
                                                                                                forecasts to ascertain the extent to which adverse
                                                                                                changes would indicate that there were insufficient
                                                                                                taxable profits in the future to support the recognition of
                                                                                                deferred tax assets.

                                                                                           Based on our work, we found that the recoverability of
                                                                                           recognised deferred tax assets was supported by the available
                                                                                           evidence.




82   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibility of overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   83
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
     We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
     and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
     of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
     accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
     error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:

     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
            or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
            and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
            fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.

     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
            related disclosures made by the directors.

     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
            audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
            exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
            financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
            audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
            Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
            a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
            within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
            direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




84   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguard applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ka Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   85
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

     For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                                                Note        HK$’000          HK$’000


     Revenue                                                                                    6, 7       1,068,977       1,160,837
     Cost of services
     — Programming costs                                                                                    (591,424)        (739,268)
     — Network expenses                                                                                     (295,894)        (320,790)
     — Cost of sales                                                                                        (125,166)        (124,267)
     Selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses                                       (290,939)        (340,647)


     Loss from operations                                                                                   (234,446)        (364,135)

     Interest income                                                                                             423            4,870
     Finance costs                                                                                           (41,258)         (37,807)
     Non-operating income                                                                                        417              393


     Loss before taxation                                                                        8          (274,864)        (396,679)

     Income tax                                                                                 9(a)            (523)            (287)


     Loss for the year                                                                                      (275,387)        (396,966)


     Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                   (275,387)        (396,966)


     Loss per share
       Basic                                                                                    12     (3.9) HK cents   (5.9) HK cents


       Diluted                                                                                         (3.9) HK cents   (5.9) HK cents




86   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                               2020                         2019
                                                                                                             HK$’000                     HK$’000


Loss for the year                                                                                            (275,387)                   (396,966)

Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Currency translation difference                                                                                   537                          (74)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                      (274,850)                   (397,040)


Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                         (274,850)                   (397,040)




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   87
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     As at 31 December 2020


                                                                                                           2020          2019
                                                                                                Note     HK$’000       HK$’000


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                                             13       704,304       787,072
       Right-of-use assets                                                                       14       112,203       124,308
       Programming library                                                                       15        70,888        80,993
       Other intangible assets                                                                   16        15,737        19,340
       Contract acquisition costs                                                                           7,071        10,174
       Interest in an associate                                                                  17             –             –
       Deferred tax assets                                                                      27(b)     300,525       300,525
       Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                         26,525        27,561


                                                                                                        1,237,253     1,349,973


     Current assets
      Inventories                                                                                19         9,980        12,020
      Trade receivables and contract assets                                                      20       112,299       106,474
      Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                          67,153        76,862
      Contract acquisition costs                                                                           13,622        18,433
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      21             –        54,766
      Restricted bank balances                                                                   22        10,550        18,320
      Cash and bank balances                                                                     22       157,423       241,899


                                                                                                          371,027       528,774


     Total assets                                                                                       1,608,280     1,878,747


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                             26(c)    7,928,975     7,928,975
       Reserves                                                                                         (7,563,808)   (7,288,958)


     Total equity                                                                                         365,167       640,017




88   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                         As at 31 December 2020


                                                                                                            2020                         2019
                                                                                   Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
  Convertible bonds                                                                 25                     368,881                     352,587
  Lease liabilities                                                                 14                      68,051                      83,280
  Other non-current liabilities                                                                             22,068                      22,068


                                                                                                           459,000                     457,935


Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                                     23                      69,126                      39,220
 Accrued expenses and other payables                                                23                     246,319                     230,242
 Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                        23                     132,065                     134,671
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                        24                     295,000                     345,000
 Lease liabilities                                                                  14                      41,535                      31,599
 Current tax liabilities                                                           27(a)                        68                          63


                                                                                                           784,113                     780,795


Total liabilities                                                                                       1,243,113                   1,238,730


Total equity and liabilities                                                                            1,608,280                   1,878,747


The notes on pages 94 to 151 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021.




Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                      Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
Director                                      Director




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   89
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

     For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                                                                         Share component
                                                      Share            Capital        Exchange Accumulated              option of convertible        Total        Total
                                                     capital           reserve          reserve     losses             reserve        bonds       reserves       equity
                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


     Balance at 1 January 2020                     7,928,975            13,985             2,527     (7,548,632)       18,881        224,281     (7,288,958)   640,017


       Loss for the year                                    –                 –                –      (275,387)              –               –    (275,387)    (275,387)
       Other comprehensive income                           –                 –              537             –               –               –         537          537


     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                                         –                 –              537      (275,387)              –               –    (274,850)    (274,850)


     Transactions with owners
       Transfer of reserve upon lapse
         of share option                                    –                 –                  –       1,413          (1,413)              –            –           –


     Total transactions with owners                         –                 –                  –       1,413          (1,413)              –            –           –


     Balance at 31 December 2020                   7,928,975            13,985             3,064     (7,822,606)       17,468        224,281     (7,563,808)   365,167




90    i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                               Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                                                     Share       component
                                         Share     Capital   Exchange       Accumulated             option     of convertible           Total             Total
                                        capital    reserve     reserve           losses            reserve            bonds          reserves            equity
                                      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


Balance at 1 January 2019            7,844,472     13,985       2,601          (7,153,556)          16,038                  –      (7,120,932)          723,540


  Loss for the year                          –          –            –           (396,966)                –                 –        (396,966)         (396,966)
  Other comprehensive income                 –          –          (74)                 –                 –                 –              (74)              (74)


Total comprehensive income
  for the year                               –          –          (74)          (396,966)                –                 –        (397,040)         (397,040)


Transactions with owners
  Issue of convertible bonds                –           –            –                   –                –         224,281           224,281           224,281
  Shares issued under rights issue     92,860           –            –                   –                –               –                 –            92,860
  Transaction costs incurred in
   respect of rights issue              (8,357)         –            –                   –               –                  –                –            (8,357)
  Share option expense                       –          –            –                   –           4,733                  –            4,733             4,733
  Transfer of reserve upon
   lapse of share option                     –          –            –              1,890            (1,890)                –                 –                –


Total transactions with owners         84,503           –            –              1,890            2,843          224,281           229,014           313,517


Balance at 31 December 2019          7,928,975     13,985       2,527          (7,548,632)          18,881          224,281        (7,288,958)          640,017




                                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   91
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                  2020         2019
                                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Loss before taxation                                                                       (274,864)    (396,679)

     Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                                               41,258       37,807
     Interest income                                                                               (423)       (4,870)
     Depreciation                                                                               220,220      225,961
     Amortisation of programming library                                                         52,803       71,677
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                      4,054         1,610
     Amortisation of contract acquisition costs                                                  24,151       29,481
     Share option expense                                                                              –        4,733
     Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           (96)        (167)
     Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         –         (166)
     Net loss allowance on trade receivables                                                      1,859         4,275
     Write down of inventories                                                                      812         1,170
     Gain on modification of lease contracts                                                         (11)        (169)
     Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     (293)            –
     Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                (17)           –


     Operating profit/(loss) before changes in working capital                                   69,453       (25,337)

     Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                             1,228       (3,058)
     Increase in trade receivables and contract assets                                             (7,684)    (52,345)
     Decrease/(increase) in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                           10,455      (21,773)
     Increase in contract acquisition costs paid                                                 (16,237)     (19,028)
     Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                                        29,950        (9,635)
     Increase/(decrease) in accrued expenses and other payables                                   32,206      (15,884)
     Decrease in receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                       (2,606)      (4,999)


     Cash flows generated from/(used in) operation                                              116,765      (152,059)
     Tax paid                                                                                      (518)          (296)
     Interest elements of lease payments                                                         (6,289)        (7,867)


     Net cash from/(used in) operating activities                                               109,958      (160,222)




92   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                               2020                         2019
                                                                                      Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                    (108,383)                   (136,182)
Additions to programming library                                                                              (50,784)                     (38,198)
Additions to other intangible assets                                                                             (606)                       (7,332)
Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                               18(b)                         99                             –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                           500                         1,875
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                                               55,059                           –
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                    –                     (54,600)
Interest received                                                                                                  925                       4,469


Net cash used in investing activities                                                                        (103,190)                   (229,968)


Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                               28                      (50,000)                  (150,000)
Decrease in restricted bank balances                                                                             7,770                            –
Proceeds from issue of shares upon rights issue                                     26(c)(iii)                       –                      92,860
Transaction costs upon issue of shares under rights issue                           26(c)(iii)                       –                       (8,357)
Proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                                              28                             –                    568,000
Principal elements of lease payments                                                  28                       (30,391)                    (28,016)
Finance costs paid                                                                                             (18,675)                    (20,220)


Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                                   (91,296)                   454,267


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                           (84,528)                     64,077

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                                        241,899                     177,815

Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                                               52                           7


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                                      157,423                     241,899




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     1.     GENERAL INFORMATION
            i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong. The
            address of its registered office in Hong Kong is 7th Floor, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong
            Kong.

            The Company has its primary listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

            The Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (together the “Group”) are engaged in television
            subscription business, domestic free television programme services, advertising, channel carriage, television relay
            service, programme licensing, theatrical release, other television related businesses, broadband internet access
            services, portal operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services, network leasing, network construction,
            mobile service and mobile agency service as well as other internet access related businesses.

            The consolidated financial statements have been approved by the board of directors (the “Directors”) of the
            Company on 30 March 2021.

     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
            Standards (“HKFRS”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The
            consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial
            assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), which are measured at fair value.

            The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
            accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
            accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
            and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4 below.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group incurred a net loss of HK$275 million (2019: HK$397 million)
            and as at 31 December 2020, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by HK$413 million (31
            December 2019: HK$252 million). Included in its current liabilities was an interest-bearing borrowing of HK$295
            million drawn from a banking facility of HK$400 million which is immediately repayable on demand and subject to
            review at any time from the date of this report.




94   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors have given careful consideration of the liquidity
     requirement for the Group’s operations, the performance of the Group and available sources of financing in
     assessing whether the Group has sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern. The Directors have
     reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections prepared by management which covers a period of not less than twelve
     months from 31 December 2020. The Directors have taken into account the following plans and measures in
     assessing the sufficiency of working capital requirements in the foreseeable future:

     1.   The Group expected to complete the issue of the unlisted long-term convertible bonds of HK$200 million (the
          “2021 LCS”) to Forever Top (Asia) Limited (“Forever Top”) which holds 43.2% shareholding of the Company in
          late March 2021. The subscription agreement in relation to the 2021 LCS and the transactions contemplated
          thereunder were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company in the general meeting of the
          Company held on 23 March 2021.

     2.   The banking facility was renewed in mid-March 2019. As the facility is subject to review at any time from the
          date of this report, the Directors expect the revolving bank loan facility will be successfully renewed such that
          the outstanding loan balance of HK$295 million will be rolled over with substantially the same terms as the
          current facility, which also include the bank’s overriding right to demand repayment.

     3.   There have been continuing progress and achievements of the organisational restructuring which include cost
          saving initiatives, introduction of new contents, cooperation model with other partners and strategic review of
          its business portfolio.

     4.   Forever Top has also confirmed its intention to provide further financial support, from time to time as and
          when is necessary to the Group in the next twelve months from 31 December 2020. Taking into account the
          fact that (i) Forever Top has provided continuous financial support to the Group since it became the largest
          shareholder of the Company in September 2017; and (ii) based on the documents and information currently
          available and having made all necessary enquiries, nothing came to the attention of the Directors to cause
          them to believe that Forever Top is unable to provide financial support as and when is required by the Group
          in the next twelve months from 31 December 2020.

     Based on the cash flow projections and taking into account reasonable possible downside changes to the cash flow
     assumptions in the cash flow projections for the period ending 31 December 2021, the expected completion of the
     issue of the unlisted long-term convertible bonds with principal amount of HK$200 million to Forever Top, the
     continuous availability of existing banking facility, and from time to time as and when is necessary, the financial
     support from Forever Top, the Directors consider that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its
     financial obligations as and when they fall due in coming twelve months from 31 December 2020. Accordingly, the
     Directors consider it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
            (a) Amendments to standards and revised framework effective in the current
                accounting period
                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has adopted the following amendments to standards
                     and revised framework which are relevant to the Group’s operations and are mandatory for accounting
                     periods beginning on 1 January 2020:

                     HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                                              Definition of a Business
                     HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)                                    Definition of Material
                     Conceptual Framework for                                          Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
                       Financial Report 2018

                     The adoption of these amendments to standards and revised framework does not have any significant change
                     to the accounting policies or any significant effect on the results and financial position of the Group.

            (b) New standard, amendments to standards, accounting guideline and interpretation
                that are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group
                     The following new standard, amendments to standards, accounting guideline and interpretation have been
                     published which are mandatory for the Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 but
                     have not been early adopted by the Group:

                     HKFRS 17                                                          Insurance Contracts(4)
                     HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                                              Reference to the Conceptual Framework(6)
                     HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)                                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                                          Associate or Joint Venture(5)
                     HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                                             COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions(1)
                     HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7,                                        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Phase 2(2)
                       HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16 (Amendments)
                     HKAS 1 (Amendments)                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current(4)
                     HKAS 16 (Amendments)                Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                           Intended Use(3)
                     HKAS 37 (Amendments)                Onerous Contract — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract(3)
                     Annual Improvements                 Annual Improvement to HKFRSs 2018–2020 Cycle(3)
                     Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)    Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations(3)
                     Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)   Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by the
                                                           Borrower of a Term Loan that
                                                           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause(4)

                     (1)
                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020
                     (2)
                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
                     (3)
                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
                     (4)
                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
                     (5)
                              Effective date is to be determined
                     (6)
                              Effective for business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first accounting periods beginning
                              on or after 1 January 2022




96   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     (b) New standard, amendments to standards, accounting guideline and interpretation
         that are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group (Continued)
          The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new standard, amendments to
          standards, accounting guideline and interpretation, and does not expect that they would have any significant
          impact on its results and financial position.

3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The principal accounting policies adopted for the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, which have
     been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated, are set out below:

     (a) Consolidation
          The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and all of its
          subsidiaries made up to 31 December.

          (i)   Subsidiaries
                Subsidiaries are all entities (including consolidated structured entities) controlled by the Group. The
                Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
                the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which controls is transferred to the Group. They are
                deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                Intra-group balances, transactions and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are
                eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Unrealised losses
                resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
                the extent that there is no evidence of impairment. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
                as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
                interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no gain or loss is
                recognised in profit or loss.

                When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in
                that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in
                that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is
                regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on
                initial recognition of an investment in an associate.

                In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).




                                                                A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (a) Consolidation (Continued)
                     (ii)     Associates
                              An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or
                              joint control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

                              An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group
                              under the equity method and is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of
                              the acquisition date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
                              any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the
                              investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Any
                              acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the
                              investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
                              or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax items of the investees’ other
                              comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income.

                              When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced
                              to HK$Nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has
                              incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
                              the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the
                              Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate.

                              Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are
                              eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide
                              evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in
                              profit or loss.

                              When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal
                              of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any
                              interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair
                              value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

                              In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in an associate is stated at cost less
                              impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).




98   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (b) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
         Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
         Note 3(p)(ii)). The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of
         materials, labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and
         restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and
         borrowing costs (see Note 3(k)).

         Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
         as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and is recognised in
         profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

         Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
         residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives at annual rates as follows:

         Network assets and television production systems                            5% to 25%
         Furniture, fixtures, other equipment and motor vehicles                     10% to 33.33%
         Buildings situated on leasehold land*                                       Higher of 2.5% or percentage to amortise the asset
                                                                                       cost over the unexpired term of land leases
         Leasehold improvements                                                      Over the lease term

         Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
         allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
         life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

         Under certain circumstances, the Group may have an obligation to dismantle part of its network upon request
         by concerned parties. Owing to the absence of such history, no reliable estimate can be reasonably made in
         respect of such potential obligation.

         *     This represents units in industrial and commercial buildings which the management considers impracticable to split the cost into land
               and buildings. Thus, depreciation is provided at 2.5% to write off the cost of the properties held by the Group.




                                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (c) Leases
                      Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                      asset is available for use by the Group.

                      Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
                      the net present value of the fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                      receivable. Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                      measurement of the liability.

                      The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
                      determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is
                      used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an
                      asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security
                      and conditions. The Group determines the incremental borrowing rate by using recent third-party financing
                      received with adjustments specific to the term of the leases.

                      Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss
                      over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
                      liability for each period.

                      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

                      •        the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

                      •        any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;

                      •        any initial direct costs; and

                      •        restoration costs.

                      Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a
                      straight-line basis.

                      Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
                      basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

                      Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in the consolidated statement
                      of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the
                      consolidated statement of financial position based on their nature.




100   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (d) Programming costs
        (i)    Programming library
               Programming library consists of presentation rights for acquired programmes for showing on the
               Group’s television channels, film rights and films in progress produced by the Group and perpetual film
               rights acquired by the Group.

               Presentation rights for acquired programmes are capitalised as intangible assets and stated in the
               consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at cost less accumulated amortisation and
               accumulated impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Amortisation is charged to profit or loss in accordance
               with a formula on an accelerated basis over a maximum of three transmissions. Subsequent
               expenditure, which may include subtitling costs and dubbing costs, on programmes after initial
               acquisition is recognised as an expense when incurred unless it is probable that the expenditure would
               enable the programmes to generate future economic benefits in excess of their originally assessed
               standard of performance and the expenditure could be measured and attributed to the assets reliably.

               Film rights produced by the Group and perpetual film rights acquired by the Group are capitalised as
               intangible assets and stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses
               (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Costs of film rights produced by the Group and perpetual film rights acquired by the
               Group represent the carrying value transferred from films in progress upon completion and the purchase
               price of the perpetual film rights respectively. Amortisation is charged to profit or loss over the expected
               number of future showings.

               Films in progress are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)). Costs include
               all direct costs associated with the production of films. Costs of films are transferred to film rights upon
               completion.

        (ii)   Live programmes and in-house developed programmes
               Live programmes consist of third party feed programmes while in-house developed programmes consist
               primarily of news, documentary and general entertainment programmes with short lead-time from
               production to telecast. The costs of both types of programmes are charged to profit or loss upon
               telecast. Payments of programme costs made in advance or in arrears are recorded as prepayments or
               accruals, as appropriate.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (e) Other intangible assets
                      The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite
                      useful lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
                      indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
                      an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.

                      Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash
                      generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life
                      is reviewed annually to determine whether indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the
                      change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

                      (i)      Club debentures
                               The Group’s club debentures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group
                               at cost less impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).

                      (ii)     Computer software development costs
                               The Group’s computer software development costs are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                               position of the Group at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see Note 3(p)(ii)).
                               Computer software development costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
                               life of 5 years.

                               Computer software development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of the
                               identifiable software products controlled by the Group are capitalised as intangible assets if the following
                               criteria are met:

                               —        it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use;

                               —        management intends to complete the software and use (or sell) it;

                               —        adequate technical, financial and other resources are available to complete the development and
                                        to use the software;

                               —        the costs attributable to acquisition, development and enhancement of the software can be
                                        reliably measured; and

                               —        the Group has power to obtain future economic benefits flowing from the underlying resource.

                               Capitalised development costs are incurred as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which
                               the asset is ready for use.

                               Computer software development costs that do not meet the above criteria are expensed in the
                               consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.




102   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (f)   Inventories
           Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted
           average basis and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing
           the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
           ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
           make the sale.

     (g) Financial instruments
           (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                  The Group initially recognises trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, deposits and
                  borrowings on the date on which they are originated. All other financial instruments are recognised on
                  the trade date, which is the date on which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                  the instrument.

                  A financial asset or financial liability (unless it is trade and other receivables without a significant financing
                  component) is measured initially at fair value plus, in the case of an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs
                  that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Transaction costs of financial assets or liabilities
                  carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit or loss. Trade and other receivables without a significant
                  financing component are initially measured at transaction price.

           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                  On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost, fair value through
                  other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or FVTPL. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
                  their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its business model for managing
                  financial assets.

                  A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                  designated as at FVTPL:

                  —     the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual
                        cash flows; and

                  —     the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  Trade and other receivables, including balances due from group companies are classified as financial
                  assets at amortised cost. All other financial assets are classified and measured at fair values.

                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                  interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
                  gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
                  recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets at FVTPL and FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                  values. Changes in fair values of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss.




                                                                  A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (g) Financial instruments (Continued)
                      (ii)     Classification and subsequent measurement (Continued)
                               Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. Financial liabilities at amortised
                               cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
                               and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition
                               is also recognised in profit or loss. Trade and other payables, including balances due to group
                               companies, interest-bearing borrowings and convertible bonds are classified as financial liabilities at
                               amortised cost. The Group does not have financial liability measured at FVTPL.

                      (iii)    Derecognition
                               Financial assets
                               The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
                               financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in
                               which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in
                               which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and
                               it does not retain control of the financial asset. The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers
                               assets recognised on its consolidated statement of financial position, but retains either all or substantially
                               all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In such cases, the transferred assets are not
                               derecognised.

                               Financial liabilities
                               The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
                               or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash
                               flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the
                               modified terms is recognised at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                               liability extinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognised in profit or loss.

                      (iv)     Offsetting
                               Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
                               statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right
                               to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle
                               the liability simultaneously. Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted
                               under HKFRSs, or for gains and losses arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the
                               Group’s trading activity.

             (h) Cash and cash equivalents
                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand deposits with banks, and short-
                      term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject
                      to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Bank
                      overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are also
                      included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash
                      flows of the Group.




104   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (i)   Revenue recognition
           The Group recognises different types of revenue, as follows:

           (i)      The Group enters into individual or packaged and fixed price subscription sale contracts with customers
                    in which, it may include single or multiple elements of subscription television services, broadband
                    internet access services and telephony services. Under such arrangements, the total transaction price
                    receivable from customers is allocated among the Group’s performance obligations on a relative
                    standalone selling price basis. The Group estimates the standalone selling price at contract inception
                    based on the observable retail prices of the respective performance obligations in similar circumstances
                    to similar customers. Revenue allocated to the subscription television services, broadband internet
                    access services and telephony services is recognised over time when the services are provided, which
                    is generally over the contract period. In general, customers are invoiced according to agreed billing
                    schedules set out in the customer contracts, invoices are usually billable in advance of the services to
                    be rendered and are due for payments within 15 days.

           (ii)     Advertising revenue net of agency deductions is recognised on telecast of the advertisement. When an
                    advertising contract covers a specified period, the related revenue is recognised evenly over the
                    specified period. Customers are invoiced according to agreed billing schedules, in advance of the
                    advertising services, with payments due within 30 days. In case of non-cash consideration under barter
                    transactions, the fair value of the non-cash consideration is measured at the inception of contracts. If
                    the fair value cannot be reasonably estimated, the Group measures consideration indirectly by reference
                    to the standalone selling price of the services promised to the customer in exchange for the
                    consideration.

           (iii)    Revenue from network construction service contract is recognised over the period of the contract by
                    reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation using input
                    method.

           (iv)     Revenue from rendering mobile agency services and mobile services is recognised when the services
                    have been rendered. Variable fees are recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that a
                    significant reversal will not occur.

           (v)      Revenue from network leasing is recognised over time on a straight line basis.

           (vi)     Revenue from theatrical distributions is recognised when the films are exhibited.

           (vii)    Revenue from distribution of films is recognised upon delivery of the master tapes to the customers.

           (viii)   Income from licensing of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes
                    concerned in accordance with the terms of the licence contracts.

           (ix)     Income from network maintenance and operations is recognised at the time when services are provided.

           (x)      Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal installments over
                    the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
                    pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                    recognised in profit or loss as integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivables. Contingent
                    rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

           (xi)     Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.



                                                                 A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (i)      Revenue recognition (Continued)
                      Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer are capitalised as contract acquisition costs if
                      the Group expects to recover these costs. Costs of obtaining a contract are amortised on a straight-line basis
                      over the terms of the specific contracts. As a practical expedient, the Group recognises the incremental cost
                      of obtaining a contract as an expenses when incurred if the amortisation period of the asset that the Group
                      otherwise would have recognised in one year or less.

                      The period between the transfer of promised goods and services to the customers and payments by
                      customers usually is within one year, as a result, there is no financing component which requires adjustment
                      of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

                      If the payments by customers exceed the services rendered, a contract liability is recognised as receipts in
                      advance on the consolidated statement of financial position. If the services rendered exceed the payments by
                      customers and unconditional rights to contract consideration to date, a contract asset is recognised on the
                      consolidated statement of financial position.

             (j)      Borrowings
                      Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
                      redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
                      method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the
                      extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until
                      the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will
                      be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of
                      the facility to which it relates.

                      Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified in
                      the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
                      liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
                      non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as other income or finance
                      costs.

                      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                      of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

             (k) Borrowing costs
                      Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                      necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of
                      the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                      The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
                      for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
                      the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
                      when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
                      interrupted or complete.




106   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (l)   Share-based compensation
           The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee
           services received in exchange for the grant of share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to
           be expensed over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted at the
           date of grant, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions. At the end of each reporting period,
           the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest. It recognises the impact of
           the revision of original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding
           adjustment to equity.

           The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital when the
           options are exercised. On lapse of share options according to the plan, corresponding amount recognised in
           share option reserve is transferred to retained profits.

           The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
           in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
           reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
           subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

     (m) Income tax
           Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
           and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
           they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
           amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax is
           the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
           at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
           the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
           tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
           tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
           tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those
           temporary differences and losses. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax
           assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing
           taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same
           taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the
           deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be
           carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary
           differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is,
           those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable
           entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (m) Income tax (Continued)
                      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
                      arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit
                      (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in
                      subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal
                      and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible
                      differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be
                      available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

                      The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
                      settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                      at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. The carrying amount
                      of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no
                      longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit of part or all of
                      that deferred tax asset to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable
                      that sufficient taxable profits will be available. Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of
                      dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related dividends is recognised.

                      Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
                      other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
                      against deferred tax liabilities, if the entity has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
                      current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

                      (i)      In the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
                               realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

                      (ii)     In the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                               authority on either:

                               (1)      the same taxable entity; or

                               (2)      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                                        liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                                        and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.




108   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (n) Translation of foreign currency
         Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
         the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
         financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar. The Company’s functional currency is Hong Kong
         dollar.

         Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
         transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
         foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
         profit or loss.

         Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
         denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair values are translated using the foreign exchange rates
         ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

         The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
         the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are
         translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
         resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in
         equity in the exchange reserve.

         On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
         operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

     (o) Related parties
         (i)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

               (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;

               (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or

               (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (o) Related parties (Continued)
                      (ii)     An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                               (1)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                               (2)      One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                                        member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                               (3)      Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                               (4)      One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third parties.

                               (5)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                                        entity related to the Group.

                               (6)      The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

                               (7)      A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                        management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                               (8)      The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                        services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                      Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                      influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

             (p) Impairment of assets
                      (i)      Impairment of financial assets
                               The Group recognises loss allowances for lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade and other
                               receivables. For bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                               life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowances
                               are measured as 12-month ECL. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events
                               over the expected life of a financial instrument. 12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from
                               default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                               expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). In all cases, the maximum period considered
                               when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit
                               risk.

                               When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                               recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that
                               is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                               information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment
                               and including forward-looking information. In all cases, the maximum period considered when estimating
                               ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.




110   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (p) Impairment of assets (Continued)
         (i)    Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                Measurement of ECLs and presentation of ECLs in the consolidated statement of financial position
                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. They are measured as follows:

                —     financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash
                      shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the
                      contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive);

                —     financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross
                      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows;

                —     undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash
                      flows that are due to the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the
                      Group expects to receive; and

                —     financial guarantee contracts: the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts
                      that the Group expects to recover.

                Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying
                amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss.

                Write-off
                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
                there is no reasonable expectations of recovering the financial asset. This is generally the case when the
                Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate
                sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are
                written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures
                for recovery of amounts due.

         (ii)   Impairment of other assets
                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                indications that the following assets may be impaired or, an impairment loss previously recognised no
                longer exists or may have decreased:

                —     property, plant and equipment;

                —     right-of-use assets;

                —     programming library (including film rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress);

                —     other intangible assets; and

                —     investments in subsidiaries and associate in the Company’s statement of financial position.




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (p) Impairment of assets (Continued)
                      (ii)     Impairment of other assets (Continued)
                               If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for intangible
                               assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the
                               recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

                               —        Calculation of recoverable amount
                                        The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                                        in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                                        value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                                        money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                                        independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                                        group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                               —        Recognition of impairment losses
                                        An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                                        generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                                        in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in
                                        the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
                                        reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if
                                        determinable).

                               —        Reversals of impairment losses
                                        In respect of assets, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                                        estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

                                        A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                                        determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                                        are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.




112   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (q) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
           statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating
           decision maker (the “CODM”) for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of,
           the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
           segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
           services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
           the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
           are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

     (r)   Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
           (i)   Financial guarantees issued
                 Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments
                 to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs because a
                 specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

                 Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued.
                 The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of

                 •    the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9
                      “Financial Instruments”; and

                 •    the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                      recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with
                      Customers”.

                 The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                 flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that
                 would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third
                 party for assuming the obligations.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             (r)      Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities (Continued)
                      (ii)     Provisions and contingent liabilities
                               Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal
                               or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic
                               benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time
                               value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to
                               settle the obligation.

                               Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                               estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                               economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                               occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                               unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

             (s) Employee benefits
                      Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
                      cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
                      employees of the Group, except to the extent that they are included in the cost of property, plant and
                      equipment and programming library not yet recognised as an expense. Where payment or settlement is
                      deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

             (t)      Convertible bonds
                      Convertible bonds are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Transaction costs are
                      incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, issue or disposal of a financial asset or
                      financial liability, including fees and commissions paid to agents, advisers, brokers and dealers, levies by
                      regulatory agencies and securities exchanges, and transfer taxes and duties. Borrowings are subsequently
                      stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
                      value is recognised in the profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

                      The fair value of the liability portion of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest rate for an
                      equivalent non-convertible bond. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised cost basis until
                      extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the
                      conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net of income tax effects.

             (u) Government grants
                      Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the
                      grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                      Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period
                      necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate. Government grants are
                      deducted in reporting the related expenses, when appropriate.




114   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


4.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     (a) Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets
         Management considers the key source of estimation uncertainty lies in the recognition of deferred tax assets
         from unused tax losses. These tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely and have no expiry date. Deferred
         tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
         which they can be utilised. Management reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets at the end of
         each reporting period, based on the forecast results of the Group and the forecasts of future taxable profits of
         the relevant entities with recognised deferred tax assets. The forecasts take into account the expected growth
         of the business due to the new business development and the approved business plans. Significant
         judgement is involved in assessing whether there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profits will be
         available in view of a history of recent losses, including estimating the projected future taxable profits and the
         timing of the utilisation of tax losses. In the event that the Group’s estimates of projected future taxable profits
         due to changes in operating environment and business strategies would impact the timing or extent of the
         Group’s ability to utilise the tax loss carry-forwards in the future, adjustments to the recorded amount of
         deferred tax assets would be required. For the purpose of sensitivity analysis, if the gross revenue for each
         year in the forecasts were to decrease by 3% as compared with the forecasted amounts under the base case
         scenario, deferred tax assets of about HK$32 million would not have been recovered within the forecast
         periods adopted in the base case scenario.

     (b) Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, programming
         library and other related intangible assets
         Management regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and will recognise an
         impairment loss if the carrying amount of an asset or a cash generating unit is higher than its recoverable
         amount which is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use.

         Management uses the value in use model with reference to the valuation performed by an independent
         professional valuer to assess the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the
         continuing use of the assets and to determine the recoverable amounts of the cash generating unit to which
         property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, programming library and other related intangible assets
         are allocated. The cash generating unit identified for such impairment assessment is the Group as a whole.
         Significant judgement is involved in the identification of the cash generating unit to which the assets are
         allocated, in assessing whether cash inflows are largely independent and in determining the key assumptions
         adopted in the cash flow forecast, including forecast revenue, forecast programming costs, forecast network
         and other expenses, annual growth rates, long term growth rate and discount rate under value in use
         calculation. Changes in the assumptions of the Group’s estimates of projected cash flows due to changes in
         operating environment, uncertainty in the expected growth in business and change in discount rate and long
         term growth rate would impact the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit. For the purpose of
         sensitivity analysis, if the annual estimated revenue is reduced by 3% and the discount rate is increased by
         0.5%, there would still be sufficient headroom for the impairment assessment.

         Recoverable amounts of acquired programmes, films rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress are
         estimated based on the projected future revenue to be derived from all applicable territories and windows less
         cost of disposal, taking into account historical performances of films and programmes with comparable
         budgets, casts, or other relevant qualities. Impairment is made for carrying costs that are in excess of the
         expected future revenue to be generated by these programmes and films.

         Films in progress are stated at cost less any impairment, taking into account the project status and estimated
         recoverable value. If revenue actually generated were to fall short of forecasts, or there are changes in total
         expected number of showings, amortisation may need to be changed, or impairment may need to be made
         to reduce the carrying value of individual programme or film to its recoverable amount. Actual results may
         differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.



                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate, currency and price risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
             businesses. The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by
             the Group to manage these risks are described below.

             (a) Credit risk
                      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables.
                      Management has a defined credit policy in place with general credit terms ranging from 0 to 15 days in
                      respect of television, broadband, telephony and mobile service subscription and from 0 to 30 days in respect
                      of advertising, network leasing and network construction services. The exposure to credit risks is monitored
                      on an ongoing basis. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk from customers receivables as
                      the customers’ bases were widely dispersed in different sectors, except for a single external customer which
                      accounts for approximately 47% (2019: 35%) of the total trade receivables, contract assets and other
                      receivables. Subscription revenue from customers is settled mainly in cash or via major credit cards.

                      Contract assets are considered to have low credit risk. Taking into account the historical settlement of
                      contractual payment and forward-looking factors, management considered the lifetime ECLs surrounding
                      contracts is not significant.

                      Other receivables are considered to have low credit risk. These assets are continuously monitored by
                      assessing the credit quality of the counter parties, taking into account past experiences and other factors.
                      Where necessary, provision for impairment loss is made for estimated irrecoverable amounts. As at 31
                      December 2020 and 2019, the other receivables were fully performing.

                      The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of the trade receivables and
                      contract assets and other receivables in the consolidated statement of financial position.

             (b) Liquidity risk
                      Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding through an
                      adequate amount of committed credit facilities and its compliance with lending covenants. The Group’s
                      objective is to maintain a balance between the continuity of funding and the flexibility through use of interest-
                      bearing borrowings. As disclosed in Note 2, certain measures have been taken by the Directors to mitigate
                      the liquidity pressures faced by the Group.

                      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities
                      at the end of the reporting period, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
                      payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
                      period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:




116   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)

     (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                                                         Carrying
                                                                                                                                    amount in the
                                                                                                                        Total        consolidated
                                                Within                                                            contractual        statement of
                                             1 year or    Between 1         Between 2                 Over      undiscounted             financial
                                           on demand     and 2 years       and 5 years             5 years         cash flows             position
           At 31 December 2020                HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000

           Trade payables                      69,126               –                   –                  –             69,126             69,126
           Accrued expenses and
              other payables                  246,319             –                   –                  –             246,319             246,319
           Customers’ deposits                 49,622             –                   –                  –              49,622              49,622
           Interest-bearing borrowings        298,752             –                   –                  –             298,752             295,000
           Lease liabilities                   44,520        40,739              34,387                  –             119,646             109,586
           Convertible bonds                   11,360        11,360              34,080            607,760             664,560             368,881
           Other non-current liabilities            –             –              22,068                  –              22,068              22,068


                                              719,699        52,099              90,535            607,760           1,470,093           1,160,602


                                                                                                                                          Carrying
                                                                                                                                     amount in the
                                                                                                                         Total        consolidated
                                                Within                                                             contractual        statement of
                                             1 year or    Between 1          Between 2                 Over      undiscounted              financial
                                           on demand     and 2 years        and 5 years             5 years        cash flows              position
           At 31 December 2019               HK$’000       HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000

           Trade payables                      39,220               –                   –                  –             39,220             39,220
           Accrued expenses and
              other payables                  230,242             –                   –                  –             230,242             230,242
           Customers’ deposits                 50,103             –                   –                  –              50,103              50,103
           Interest-bearing borrowings        359,867             –                   –                  –             359,867             345,000
           Lease liabilities                   34,572        33,923              56,411                  –             124,906             114,879
           Convertible bonds                   11,360        11,360              34,080            619,120             675,920             352,587
           Other non-current liabilities            –             –              22,068                  –              22,068              22,068


                                              725,364        45,283            112,559             619,120           1,502,326           1,154,099


     (c) Interest rate risk
          At 31 December 2020, the Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from the revolving loan of
          HK$295,000,000 (2019: HK$345,000,000) from a banking facility. The loans at variable rates expose the
          Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

          At 31 December 2020, the Group had convertible bonds of outstanding amount of HK$568,000,000 (2019:
          HK$568,000,000). The coupon rate is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly.

          At 31 December 2020, the Group had time deposits with bank amounting to approximately HK$18,320,000
          (2019: HK$213,386,000) with original maturities of 31 to 365 days (2019: 31 to 366 days).




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (Continued)

             (c) Interest rate risk (Continued)
                      Apart from the foregoing, the Group has no other significant income-generating financial assets or interest-
                      bearing financial liabilities. The Group’s revenue, expenses and cash flows are substantially independent of
                      changes in market interest rates.

                      Effective interest rates analysis
                      In respect of income-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities, the following table
                      indicates their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                       Total               Effective interest rate
                                                                                                   2020          2019          2020             2019
                        Interest rate risk                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000             %               %


                        Floating rate:
                        Cash at banks                                                             149,243        46,484         0.00           0.00
                        Interest-bearing borrowings                                              (295,000)     (345,000)        5.07           3.91


                                                                                                 (145,757)     (298,516)


                        Fixed rate:
                        Time deposits with banks                                                   18,320       213,386         0.08           1.88
                        Convertible bonds — liability component                                  (368,881)     (352,587)        7.69           7.69


                                                                                                 (350,561)     (139,201)


                      At 31 December 2020, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
                      with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss before taxation and
                      increased/decreased the accumulated losses by approximately HK$1,458,000 (2019: HK$2,985,000).

                      The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss before taxation and
                      accumulated losses that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the
                      reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which
                      expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure
                      to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end
                      of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s loss before taxation and accumulated losses is estimated
                      as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is
                      performed on the same basis as 2019.




118   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)

     (d) Currency risk
           The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through trade and other receivables, financial assets at
           FVTPL, restricted bank balances, cash and bank balances, and trade and other payables that are
           denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which
           the transactions relate. The currency giving rise to this risk is primarily United States dollars.

           In view that the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the United States dollar under the Linked Exchange Rate
           System in Hong Kong, management does not expect that there will be any significant currency risk associated
           with recognised assets and liabilities denominated in United States dollar. It is therefore assumed that the risk
           of movements in exchange rates between Hong Kong dollar and United States dollar would be insignificant.
           Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis has been prepared.

     (e) Price risk
           The Group is exposed to price risk through its investments recognised in financial assets at FVTPL. The Group
           manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risk and return profiles.

           Sensitivity analysis
           At 31 December 2020, the Group has no exposure to price risk as it does not have any financial assets at
           FVTPL (2019: if the price of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL had been 1% higher/lower with all other
           variables held constant, the loss for the year would have decreased/increased by approximately HK$548,000).

     (f)   Capital management
           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
           going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the Company and benefits for
           other stakeholders of the Group, and to support the Group’s stability and growth, by pricing products and
           services commensurately with the level of risk.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal capital structure
           and shareholders return, taking into consideration the future of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and
           projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic
           investment opportunities.

           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic
           conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
           shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or new debt financing. The Group made no
           changes to its capital management objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December
           2020 and 2019.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (Continued)

             (f)      Capital management (Continued)
                      The net gearing ratio, measured in terms of the total interest-bearing borrowings and convertible bonds less
                      cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances divided by total equity, was approximately 136% (2019:
                      68%). The capital structure of the Group was approximately 65% (2019: 52%) debt and approximately 35%
                      (2019: 48%) equity as at 31 December 2020.

             (g) Fair values of financial instruments
                      Financial instruments carried at fair value are measured by different valuation methods. The inputs to valuation
                      methods are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy, as follows:

                      Level 1:       The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
                                     and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The
                                     quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These
                                     instruments are included in Level 1.

                      Level 2:       The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-
                                     counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                                     market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required
                                     to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.

                      Level 3:       If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                     included in Level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.

                      The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting
                      period on a recurring basis:

                                                                                                  Level 1    Level 2    Level 3       Total
                                                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000


                        At 31 December 2020
                        Assets
                        Financial assets at FVTPL
                        — Money market funds                                                           –          –          –               –


                        At 31 December 2019
                        Assets
                        Financial assets at FVTPL
                        — Money market funds                                                      54,766          –          –        54,766


                      During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2,
                      or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value
                      hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not materially
                      different from their fair values as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.




120   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


6.   REVENUE
     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the principal subsidiaries and
     consolidated structured entities of the Company set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Revenue comprises principally subscription, service and related fees for television, broadband internet access and
     telephony services. It also includes advertising revenue net of agency deductions, channel service and distribution
     fees, programme licensing income, film exhibition and distribution income, network leasing income, network
     construction income, mobile service income, mobile agency service income and other telecommunications income.

7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The Group managed its businesses according to the nature of services provided. The Group’s CODM, which
     comprises executive Director and senior management of the Company, has determined two reportable operating
     segments for measuring performance and allocating resources. The segments are media and telecommunications.

     The media segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, domestic free television
     programme service, advertising, channel carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, theatrical release
     and other related businesses.

     The telecommunications segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
     operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services, network leasing, network construction, mobile service and
     mobile agency service as well as other related businesses.

     The CODM evaluates performance primarily based on segment results before depreciation of property, plant and
     equipment and right-of-use assets, amortisation of other intangible assets, corporate expenses, corporate
     depreciation of property, plant and equipment, interest income, finance costs, non-operating income and income
     tax, but after amortisation of programming library and amortisation of contract acquisition costs. Besides, the
     CODM also evaluates performance based on segment results before corporate expenses, corporate depreciation of
     property, plant and equipment, interest income, finance costs, non-operating income and income tax, but after
     amortisation of programming library, amortisation of contract acquisition costs, depreciation of property, plant and
     equipment and right-of-use assets and amortisation of other intangible assets.

     Inter-segment pricing is generally determined at arm’s length basis.

     Segment assets principally comprise all tangible assets with the exception of interest in an associate, deferred tax
     assets and assets managed at the corporate office. Segment liabilities include all liabilities, convertible bonds and
     interest-bearing borrowings directly attributable to and managed by each segment with the exception of current tax
     liabilities and liabilities at corporate office.

     Besides, the CODM is also provided with segment information concerning revenue (including inter-segment
     revenue).




                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      7.     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
             Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the CODM for the purposes of resource
             allocation and assessment of segment performance for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 is set out
             below:

                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            Media           Telecommunications                 Total
                                                                                        2020        2019        2020        2019           2020        2019
                                                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


             Reportable segment revenue                                                656,485     751,867      412,700     409,178     1,069,185     1,161,045
             Less: Inter-segment revenue                                                     –           –         (208)       (208)         (208)         (208)


             Revenue from external customers                                           656,485     751,867      412,492     408,970     1,068,977     1,160,837


             Revenue from contracts with customers:
               Timing of revenue recognition:
                At a point in time                                                      20,743      17,426       36,728      30,863       57,471         48,289
               Over time                                                               593,557     698,736      375,298     377,576      968,855      1,076,312
             Revenue from other sources:
               Rental income                                                            42,185      35,705          466         531       42,651         36,236


                                                                                       656,485     751,867      412,492     408,970     1,068,977     1,160,837


             Reportable segment (loss)/profit before depreciation
               and amortisation of other intangible assets                            (124,987)    (209,042)    172,319     164,674        47,332        (44,368)
             Depreciation                                                             (128,781)    (136,517)     (80,838)    (82,475)    (209,619)     (218,992)
             Amortisation of other intangible assets                                     (4,054)      (1,610)          –           –        (4,054)        (1,610)


             Reportable segment results before corporate
               expenses and corporate depreciation                                    (257,822)    (347,169)     91,481      82,199      (166,341)     (264,970)


             Corporate expenses                                                                                                           (57,504)      (92,196)
             Corporate depreciation                                                                                                       (10,601)        (6,969)


             Loss from operations                                                                                                        (234,446)     (364,135)
             Interest income                                                                                                                   423         4,870
             Finance costs                                                                                                                 (41,258)      (37,807)
             Non-operating income                                                                                                              417           393
             Income tax                                                                                                                       (523)         (287)


             Loss for the year                                                                                                           (275,387)     (396,966)




122   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


     Segment assets
       Media                                                                                              806,682                1,004,976
       Telecommunications                                                                                 469,437                  535,106
                                                                                            469,437




                                                                                                         1,276,119               1,540,082
     Corporate assets                                                                                       31,636                  38,140
     Interest in an associate                                                                                    –                       –
     Deferred tax assets                                                                                   300,525                 300,525


     Total assets                                                                                        1,608,280               1,878,747


     Segment liabilities
       Media                                                                                              787,191                   778,775
       Telecommunications                                                                                 445,445                   424,117


                                                                                                         1,232,636               1,202,892
     Corporate liabilities                                                                                  10,409                  35,775
     Current tax liabilities                                                                                    68                      63


     Total liabilities                                                                                   1,243,113               1,238,730


     Geographical segment:
     No geographical segment information is shown as, during the year presented, less than 10% of the Group’s
     segment revenue, segment results, segment assets and segment liabilities are derived from activities conducted
     outside Hong Kong.

     Information about major customer:
     Revenue of approximately HK$131,953,000 (2019: HK$103,070,000) were derived from a single external customer
     during the year ended 31 December 2020, of which approximately HK$129,393,000 (2019: HK$103,070,000) and
     approximately HK$2,560,000 (2019: HK$Nil) were attributed to the telecommunications segment and the media
     segment respectively.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      8.     LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
             Loss before taxation is stated after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                                                                               2020                     2019
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000

             Interest income
             Interest income from deposits with banks                                                                              (423)                (4,870)

             Finance costs
               — Interest expenses on borrowings                                                                                 7,315                 14,540
               — Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                          6,289                  7,867
               — Interest expenses on convertible bonds                                                                         27,654                 15,400

             Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments
             Salaries, wages and other benefits*                                                                              363,278                481,655
             Share-based payment                                                                                                    –                  4,614
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                            22,885                 27,875

             Other items
             Depreciation
               — assets held for use under operating leases                                                                    24,782                 23,594
               — other assets                                                                                                 158,224                166,421
               — right-of-use assets                                                                                           37,214                 35,946

                                                                                                                              220,220                225,961

             Amortisation
               — programming library**                                                                                          52,803                 71,677
               — contract acquisition costs                                                                                     24,151                 29,481
               — other intangible assets                                                                                         4,054                  1,610
             Net loss allowance on trade receivables                                                                             1,859                  4,275
             Carrying amount of inventories consumed and sold                                                                   11,111                 11,050
             Write down of inventories                                                                                             812                  1,170
             Rental expenses in respect of land and buildings under short-term leases
               and low-value leases not included in lease liabilities                                                           10,526                 18,616
             Auditor’s remuneration
               — audit services                                                                                                  2,790                   2,280
               — non-audit services                                                                                              1,217                     446
             Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                                     (691)                  2,269
             Rental income under operating leases in respect of
               — subleased land and buildings                                                                                        –                     (35)
               — owned plant and machinery                                                                                     (42,651)               (36,201)
             Non-operating income
               — gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 18(b))                                                                      (17)                     –
               — net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                               (96)                 (167)
               — gain on modification of lease contracts                                                                             (11)                 (169)
               — gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21(b))                                                        (293)                     –
               — fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21(b))                                                            –                  (166)

             *        During the year ended 31 December 2020, subsidies of approximately HK$68,591,000 (2019: HK$Nil) from the Employment Support
                      Scheme under the Anti-epidemic Fund set up by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region were included in salaries,
                      wages and other benefits.

             **       Amortisation of programming library was included within programming costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group.




124   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


9.   INCOME TAX
     Hong Kong and other jurisdictions profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) and at the rates
     of taxation prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates respectively.

     (a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                            2020                         2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000                     HK$’000


          Current income tax
          Provision for the year                                                                                  523                         287


                                                                                                                  523                         287


          Deferred income taxation (Note 27(b))
          Utilisation of prior years’ tax losses recognised                                                    4,747                       2,681
          Benefit of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                                             –                        (430)
          Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                   (4,747)                     (2,251)


                                                                                                                      –                           –


          Income tax                                                                                              523                         287


     (b) Reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the applicable tax rate:

                                                                                                                2020                        2019
                                                                                                                  %                           %


          Statutory income tax rate                                                                             (16.5)                      (16.5)
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                    4.2                         2.1
          Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                        (4.1)                       (0.2)
          Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                                       0.3                           –
          Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                                         20.3                        18.9
          Tax effect of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                                        (4.0)                        (4.2)


          Effective income tax rate                                                                                0.2                         0.1




                                                             A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      10. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS
             The following disclosures are made pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622)
             and Part 2 to 4 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation (Cap. 622G) are
             as follows:

                                                                                                                       Discretionary   Estimated
                                                                                                                           bonuses        money
                                                                                                                             and/or         value
                                                                                              Salaries   Retirement    performance       of other
                                                                                             and other      scheme           related     benefits           Total
               Name of directors                                             Fees             benefits contributions       bonuses      (note (ii))   emoluments
                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000


               2020:
               Non-executive Directors
               Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu (Chairman)                                 60               –              –              –              –            60
               Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
                 (Vice-chairman)                                                   60               –              –              –              –            60
               Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick                                           60               –              –              –              –            60
               Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                                              60               –              –              –              –            60
               Mr. Lie Ken Jie Remy Anthony
                 Ket Heng                                                          60               –              –              –              –            60
               Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica                                              60               –              –              –              –            60

               Executive Director
               Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu                                             60               –              –              –              –            60

               Independent Non-executive Directors
               Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                           60               –              –              –              –            60
               Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                                             60               –              –              –              –            60
               Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                                             80               –              –              –              –            80
               Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                                          80               –              –              –              –            80


                                                                                 700                –              –              –              –           700




126   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


10. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS (Continued)
                                                                                                              Discretionary           Estimated
                                                                                                                  bonuses                money
                                                                                                                    and/or                 value
                                                                              Salaries      Retirement        performance               of other
                                                                            and other          scheme               related             benefits             Total
         Name of directors                                    Fees            benefits    contributions           bonuses              (note (ii))     emoluments
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000


         2019:
         Non-executive Directors
         Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu (Chairman)                      60                 –                   –                  –              1,052              1,112
         Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
           (Vice-chairman)                                        60                 –                   –                  –              1,052              1,112
         Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick                                60                 –                   –                  –                445                505
         Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                                   60                 –                   –                  –                445                505
         Mr. Lie Ken Jie Remy Anthony
           Ket Heng (note (i))                                    30                 –                   –                  –                   –                 30
         Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica (note (i))                        30                 –                   –                  –                   –                 30

         Executive Director
         Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu                                  60                 –                   –                  –                602                 662

         Independent Non-executive Directors
         Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                60                 –                   –                  –                   –                 60
         Dr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                                  60                 –                   –                  –                   –                 60
         Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                                  80                 –                   –                  –                   –                 80
         Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                               80                 –                   –                  –                   –                 80

         Resigned Director
         Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian
           (Resigned w.e.f. 2 July 2019)                          30                 –                   –                  –                339                 369


                                                                 670                 –                   –                  –              3,935              4,605

   Notes:


   (i)        Mr. Lie Ken Jie Remy Anthony Ket Heng and Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect from 2 July
              2019.


   (ii)       Other benefits include share options. The value of the share options granted to the directors of the Company under the share option scheme
              represents the fair value of these options charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss, for the year in accordance with HKFRS 2.




                                                                               A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      10. DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS AND INTERESTS (Continued)
             There was no compensation for loss of office and/or inducement for joining the Group paid/payable to the directors
             of the Company in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, no retirement benefits, payments or benefits in respect of termination of
             directors’ services were paid or made, directly or indirectly, to the directors; nor are any payable (2019: HK$Nil). No
             consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services (2019: HK$Nil).
             There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate and
             connected entities (2019: None).

             During the year and at the year ended 31 December 2020, no Director had or has a material interest, directly or
             indirectly, in any significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to
             which the Company was or is a party (2019: None).

      11. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
          MANAGEMENT
             (a) Five highest paid individuals
                      The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the five (2019: five) individuals with the highest emoluments
                      are as follows:

                                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

                      Salaries and other benefits                                                          9,221             9,715
                      Retirement scheme contributions                                                        447               651
                      Discretionary bonuses and/or performance related bonuses                                 –               624
                      Share options                                                                            –               403


                                                                                                           9,668            11,393


                      The emoluments of the five (2019: five) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                                     Number of          Number of
                        HK$                                                                          individuals        individuals

                        1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                    4                  2
                        2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                    1                  1
                        2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                    –                  2
                        3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                    –                  –
                        3,500,001–4,000,000                                                                    –                  –


                                                                                                               5                  5




128   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


11. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
    MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (b) Emoluments of senior management
        For the year ended 31 December 2020, the emoluments of the senior management of the Group, whose
        biographical details are set out in the “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” section of
        this annual report, were within following bands:

                                                                                                          2020                        2019
                                                                                                    Number of                   Number of
          HK$                                                                                       individuals                 individuals

          Nil–1,000,000                                                                                            –                          –
          1,000,001–1,500,000                                                                                      –                          –
          1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                                      1                          1
          2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                                      1                          1
          2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                                      –                          2
          3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                                      –                          –
          3,500,001–4,000,000                                                                                      –                          –


                                                                                                                   2                          4


12. LOSS PER SHARE
   The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of
   approximately HK$275,387,000 (2019: HK$396,966,000) and the weighted average number of 7,134,623,520
   ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) (2019: 6,765,535,880 Shares) in issue during the year.

   Weighted average number of the Shares

                                                                                                             2020                        2019

    Issued Shares at 1 January                                                                 7,134,623,520              6,206,020,156
    Effect of Rights Issue (Note 26(c)(iii))                                                               –                559,515,724


    Weighted average number of the Shares at 31 December                                       7,134,623,520              6,765,535,880


   The diluted loss per Share for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 equals to the basic loss per Share
   since the exercise of the outstanding share options of the Company (the “Share Options”) granted under the share
   option scheme of the Company adopted on 24 May 2018 (the “Share Option Scheme”) and conversion rights
   attached to the unlisted long-term convertible bonds issued in June 2019 would not have a dilutive effect on the
   loss per Share.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                 Leasehold
                                                                                                                   land and
                                                                                                                 building in
                                                                           Network                              Hong Kong
                                                                         assets and               Furniture,            and
                                                                          television         fixtures, other   The People’s
                                                                         production         equipment and       Republic of       Leasehold
                                                                           systems          motor vehicles            China    improvements         Total
                                                                           HK$’000                 HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


             Cost
             At 1 January 2019                                             6,100,523               649,653           28,684         340,933      7,119,793
             Additions                                                       106,241                12,337                –           14,649       133,227
             Disposals                                                        (33,930)               (9,043)              –          (78,129)     (121,102)
             Reclassification to inventories                                     (286)                    –               –                 –         (286)
             Exchange differences                                                   –                  (197)           (331)              (96)        (624)


             At 31 December 2019                                           6,172,548               652,750           28,353         277,357      7,131,008


             Cost
             At 1 January 2020                                             6,172,548               652,750           28,353         277,357      7,131,008
             Additions                                                         87,041               12,456                –             472          99,969
             Disposals                                                        (35,948)               (7,466)              –               (9)       (43,423)
             Exchange differences                                                   –                   857           1,442             421           2,720


             At 31 December 2020                                           6,223,641               658,597           29,795         278,241      7,190,274


             Accumulated depreciation
             At 1 January 2019                                             5,306,861               634,471           12,951         319,788      6,274,071
             Charge for the year                                             172,594                  7,751           1,090            8,580       190,015
             Written back on disposals                                        (32,224)               (9,041)              –          (78,129)     (119,394)
             Reclassification to inventories                                     (284)                    –               –                –          (284)
             Exchange differences                                                   –                  (196)           (174)            (102)         (472)


             At 31 December 2019                                           5,446,947               632,985           13,867         250,137      6,343,936


             Accumulated depreciation
             At 1 January 2020                                             5,446,947               632,985           13,867         250,137      6,343,936
             Charge for the year                                             165,013                  8,176           1,075           8,742        183,006
             Written back on disposals                                        (35,577)               (7,435)              –               (7)       (43,019)
             Exchange differences                                                   –                   855             778             414           2,047


             At 31 December 2020                                           5,576,383               634,581           15,720         259,286      6,485,970


             Net book value
             At 31 December 2020                                              647,258               24,016           14,075          18,955       704,304


             At 31 December 2019                                              725,601               19,765           14,486          27,220       787,072


             As at 31 December 2020, the net book value of plant and equipment of the Group held for use in operating leases
             were approximately HK$46,330,000 (2019: HK$54,882,000).




130   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


14. LEASES
   This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

   (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
        The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


        Right-of-use assets
        Properties                                                                                          112,203                     124,308


        Lease liabilities
        Current                                                                                               41,535                      31,599
        Non-current                                                                                           68,051                      83,280


        Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2020 were approximately
        HK$25,697,000 (2019: HK$3,177,000).

   (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
        The consolidated statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to lease:

                                                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                    Note                   HK$’000                     HK$’000


        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
        Properties                                                                    8                       37,214                      35,946


        Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                  8                         6,289                      7,867
        Expense relating to short-term leases                                         8                         9,714                     17,798
        Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that
           are not shown above as short-term leases                                   8                            812                         818


        The total cash outflows for leases in 2020 was approximately HK$47,206,000 (2019: HK$54,499,000).

        The Group leases a number of premises under operating leases mainly for use as office premises, car parks
        and warehouses. The terms of the leases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run for an initial
        period of two to fifteen years (2019: two to fifteen years), and certain leases have an option for a three-year
        term, to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. Lease payments are usually
        adjusted every two to three years to reflect market rentals. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.




                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      14. LEASES (Continued)
             (c) The Group’s leasing activities and how they are accounted for
                      (i)      Extension and termination options
                               Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These
                               terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. Approximately 71%
                               (2019: 75%) of the total lease payments made in 2020 were optional.

                               In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an
                               economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension
                               options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably
                               certain to be extended (or not terminated). Potential future cash outflows of approximately
                               HK$65,187,000 (2019: HK$75,867,000) have not been included in the lease liability because it is not
                               reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).

                               The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which
                               affects this assessment and that is within the control of the lessee. During the year ended 31 December
                               2020, the financial effect of revising lease terms to reflect the effect of exercising termination option was
                               a decrease in recognised lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of approximately HK$553,000 and
                               HK$565,000 (2019: HK$41,767,000 and HK$41,598,000) respectively.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2019, some of the leased properties have been sublet by the Group
                      under operating leases. The terms of the subleases vary and run for an initial period of two years.

                      The Group leases out decoders to subscribers under operating leases which are renewable on a monthly
                      basis. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.

      15. PROGRAMMING LIBRARY
                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


             Cost
             At 1 January                                                                                     683,407             760,332
             Additions                                                                                         42,698              37,168
             Written off                                                                                     (105,251)           (114,093)


             At 31 December                                                                                   620,854            683,407


             Accumulated amortisation
             At 1 January                                                                                     602,414             644,830
             Charge for the year                                                                               52,803              71,677
             Written off                                                                                     (105,251)           (114,093)


             At 31 December                                                                                   549,966            602,414


             Net book value
             At 31 December                                                                                    70,888             80,993

             The management of the Group undertook a review of its programming library to assess the respective recoverability.
             As a result of the assessment, no impairment loss was recognised during the year (2019: HK$Nil).



132   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


16. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                    Computer
                                                                                                      software
                                                                               Club               development
                                                                         debentures                      costs                         Total
                                                                           HK$’000                    HK$’000                        HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 January 2019                                                               1,218                         –                       1,218
   Additions                                                                           –                    19,732                      19,732


   At 31 December 2019                                                             1,218                    19,732                      20,950


   Cost
   At 1 January 2020                                                               1,218                    19,732                      20,950
   Additions                                                                           –                       606                         606
   Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 18(b))                                               –                      (186)                       (186)


   At 31 December 2020                                                             1,218                    20,152                      21,370


   Accumulated amortisation
   At 1 January 2019                                                                      –                       –                           –
   Charge for the year                                                                    –                   1,610                       1,610


   At 31 December 2019                                                                    –                   1,610                       1,610


   Accumulated amortisation
   At 1 January 2020                                                                      –                   1,610                       1,610
   Charge for the year                                                                    –                   4,054                       4,054
   Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 18(b))                                                  –                      (31)                        (31)


   At 31 December 2020                                                                    –                   5,633                       5,633


   Net book value
   At 31 December 2020                                                             1,218                    14,519                      15,737


   At 31 December 2019                                                             1,218                    18,122                      19,340


   (i)    The useful lives of the club debentures are indefinite. Accordingly, no amortisation was charged to the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group during the current and prior years. The Group completed
          its annual impairment test for the club debentures by comparing the fair values less costs of disposal of the
          club debentures to their carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period. No impairment loss was
          recognised during the year (2019: HK$Nil).

   (ii)   The Group’s computer software development costs are amortised using the straight-line method over their
          estimated useful lives of 5 years. No impairment loss was recognised during the year (2019: HK$Nil).



                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      17. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
             Details of the Group’s interest in an associate are as follows:

                                                    Form of                   Place of                                                        Particulars of           Proportion of
                                                    business                  incorporation/                   Principal                         issued and              ownership
               Name of associate                    structure                 operation                        activities                    paid up capital                interest


               FRM Film InvestCo LLC                Incorporated              State of Delaware USA            Inactive                  Capital contribution                     30%
                                                                                                                                           US$25,000,000

             In respect of the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has not taken into account the effect of transactions or
             events of the associate as the associate was inactive during the current year. Since the Group’s share of losses has
             already exceeded its interest in associate, the Group’s interest was recorded at HK$Nil (2019: HK$Nil) and no
             recognition of future losses is expected as the Group has no legal or constructive obligation in respect of such
             losses.

      18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
             (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
                      structured entities.


                                                                   Place of                                                                   Particular of         Proportion
                                                                   incorporation/                                                           issued capital         of ownership
                        Name of company                            operation            Principal activities                                  all fully paid    Directly      Indirectly


                        Fantastic Entertainment Limited (“FEL”)** Hong Kong             Programme production and                       HK$1 divided into              –           14.9%
                                                                                          acquisition                                   1 ordinary share

                        Fantastic Television Limited (“FTL”)**     Hong Kong            Free television broadcasting              HK$10,000 divided into        14.9%                 –
                                                                                                                                9,999 ordinary shares and
                                                                                                                            1 non-voting preference share

                        HK Open TV Company Limited                 Hong Kong            Advertising services and                       HK$1 divided into              –           14.9%
                         (“HKOTV”)**                                                      programme production and                      1 ordinary share
                                                                                          acquisition

                        Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited        Hong Kong            Advertising services and                       HK$2 divided into              –           100%
                                                                                          programme licensing                          2 ordinary shares

                        Hong Kong Cable News Express               Hong Kong            Advertising services                          HK$20 divided into              –           100%
                          Limited                                                                                                      2 ordinary shares

                        Hong Kong Cable Television Limited         Hong Kong            Television and broadband            HK$750,000,000 divided into               –           100%
                          (“HKC”)                                                         internet access                   750,000,000 ordinary shares




134   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
        structured entities. (Continued)


                                                   Place of                                                                  Particular of            Proportion
                                                   incorporation/                                                          issued capital            of ownership
         Name of company                           operation            Principal activities                                 all fully paid       Directly       Indirectly


         Hong Kong International Business          Hong Kong            Advertising services and                       HK$1 divided into                –           14.9%
           Channel Limited (“HKIBCL”)**                                   programme production and                      1 ordinary share
                                                                          acquisition

         Hong Kong OTT Company Limited             Hong Kong            Content provision and                          HK$1 divided into                –           100%
                                                                          programme production                          1 ordinary share

         i-CABLE Entertainment Limited             Hong Kong            Programme production and             HK$10,000,000 divided into                 –           100%
                                                                          channel operation                  10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Network Limited                   Hong Kong            Network operation                           HK$102 divided into                 –           100%
                                                                                                                100 ordinary shares and
                                                                                                            2 non-voting deferred shares

         i-CABLE Network Operations Limited        Hong Kong            Network operation                       HK$500,000 divided into                 –           100%
                                                                                                                500,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE News Limited                      Hong Kong            Programme production and             HK$10,000,000 divided into                 –           100%
                                                                          channel operation                  10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Sports Limited                    Hong Kong            Programme production and             HK$10,000,000 divided into                 –           100%
                                                                          channel operation                  10,000,000 ordinary shares

         i-CABLE Telecom Limited                   Hong Kong            Mobile service, mobile agency                  HK$1 divided into                –           100%
                                                                         service and telephony                          1 ordinary share

         International Distribution Limited (“IDL”)** Hong Kong         Programme licensing and                        HK$2 divided into                –           14.9%
                                                                          distribution                                 2 ordinary shares

         Sundream Entertainment Limited            Hong Kong            Film production, distribution                  HK$1 divided into                –           100%
                                                                           and licensing                                1 ordinary share

         Sundream Motion Pictures Limited          Hong Kong            Film production, distribution       HK$300,000,000 divided into                 –           14.9%
           (“SMPL”)**                                                      and licensing                    300,000,000 ordinary shares

         The Force Production Company Limited Hong Kong                 Content provision and                          HK$1 divided into                –           100%
                                                                          programme production                          1 ordinary share

         廣州市寬訊技術服務有限公司 *                           The People’s        Technical services                                HK$34,600,000                  –           100%
                                                     Republic of China


                                                                                   A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
             (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
                      structured entities. (Continued)

                      *        This entity is registered as a wholly foreign owned enterprise under the People’s Republic of China law and is not audited by PwC.


                      **       The Company holds 1 non-voting preference share and 1,489 class “A” ordinary shares of FTL, which wholly owns the equity interests
                               in FEL, IDL, SMPL, HKOTV and HKIBCL, while the remaining 4,255 class “B” ordinary shares of FTL and 4,255 class “C” ordinary
                               shares of FTL are held by two independent trustees respectively. The entities are consolidated by the Group in accordance with
                               HKFRSs and the significant accounting policies adopted by the Group as disclosed in Note 3, as the Group is exposed to and has the
                               rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entities and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                               entity, including, but not limited to: (i) the Company’s nominated directors to the board of FTL pursuant to the right attached to the
                               class “A” ordinary shares of FTL held by the Company provided in the articles of association of FTL; (ii) the requirement of the
                               presence of the Company as a quorum in any general meeting of FTL; and (iii) veto rights over certain matters attached to class “A”
                               ordinary shares requiring the prior approval of all holders thereof of FTL such as, the modification of any of the rights attached to any
                               of the shares of FTL, alteration to the articles of association of FTL and the nature of the business of FTL, commencement of new
                               business or activity by FTL, or making of any capital commitment by FTL. The Company, being the only preference shareholder, is
                               entitled to receive the first HK$1 billion profits generated in any financial year and the ordinary shareholders of FTL shall be entitled to
                               receive any surplus dividends exceeding such amount of the same financial year on a pro rata basis. For the year ended 31 December
                               2020, no non-controlling interests is recognised as distributable profits of FTL did not surpass the threshold for the other
                               shareholders.


                      None of the Company’s subsidiaries or consolidated structured entities had issued any debt securities at the
                      end of the year or during the year.

                      The above table lists the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities which, in the opinion of
                      the Directors, principally affected the results of the year or formed a material portion of assets or liabilities of
                      the Group.

             (b) Disposal of a subsidiary
                      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests in a subsidiary
                      which was engaged in publication and provision of advertising services on magazine.

                                                                                                                                      2020                     2019
                                                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

                      Other intangible assets (Note 16)                                                                                    155                         –
                      Deposits                                                                                                              51                         –
                      Bank balances                                                                                                         51                         –
                      Accruals                                                                                                            (124)                        –

                      Net assets disposed of                                                                                               133                         –

                      Consideration received                                                                                               150                         –
                      Carrying amount of net assets disposed of                                                                           (133)                        –

                      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 8)                                                                             17                         –

                      Analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in
                        respect of the disposal of a subsidiary:
                      Consideration received                                                                                               150                         –
                      Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                                                    (51)                       –

                      Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents on disposal of a subsidiary                                                   99                         –


136   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


19. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                             2020                         2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Spare parts and consumables for repair and maintenance                                                       9,980                     12,020


20. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                                          98,535                    104,071
   Less: loss allowance (Note 20(b))                                                                         (21,236)                    (20,588)


                                                                                                              77,299                      83,483
   Contract assets                                                                                            35,000                      22,991


                                                                                                            112,299                     106,474


   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance), based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


         0 to 30 days                                                                                         48,201                      42,745
         31 to 60 days                                                                                        12,085                      18,893
         61 to 90 days                                                                                         7,773                      10,569
         Over 90 days                                                                                          9,240                      11,276


                                                                                                              77,299                      83,483


         The Group’s credit policy is set out in Note 5(a).

   (b)   Loss allowance in respect of trade receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is
         satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the loss allowance is written off against trade
         receivables directly (see Note 3(p)(i)).

         The movement in the loss allowance during the year, is as follows:

                                                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000


         Balance at beginning of the year                                                                     20,588                      16,337
         Net loss allowance on the trade receivables                                                           1,859                       4,275
         Written off                                                                                          (1,211)                         (24)


         Balance at end of the year                                                                           21,236                      20,588


                                                              A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      20. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (Continued)
             (c)      The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime expected loss
                      allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the ECL, trade receivables have been grouped based on
                      shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss rates are based on the historical
                      loss rates as adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting
                      the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                             average lifetime            Gross      Lifetime          Net
                                                                                    expected           carrying    expected      carrying
                                                                              credit loss rate          amount    credit loss     amount
                                                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


                      At 31 December 2020

                      Not yet due                                                                 0%    38,832          (115)     38,717
                      1 to 30 days past due                                                       2%    16,767          (368)     16,399
                      31 to 60 days past due                                                      3%    11,062          (386)     10,676
                      61 to 90 days past due                                                      7%     4,390          (315)      4,075
                      Over 90 days past due                                                      73%    27,484       (20,052)      7,432


                                                                                                        98,535       (21,236)     77,299


                      At 31 December 2019

                      Not yet due                                                                 7%    28,928         (2,112)    26,816
                      1 to 30 days past due                                                      12%    26,312         (3,165)    23,147
                      31 to 60 days past due                                                     15%    13,879         (2,039)    11,840
                      61 to 90 days past due                                                     15%     7,535         (1,159)     6,376
                      Over 90 days past due                                                      44%    27,417       (12,113)     15,304


                                                                                                       104,071       (20,588)     83,483


             (d)      The lifetime expected loss allowance for contract assets is not material.




138   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
   (a) Classification of financial assets at FVTPL
       Financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                          2020                         2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000


       Current asset
       Money market funds                                                                                           –                  54,766


   (b) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
       During the year, the following gains were recognised in profit or loss:

                                                                                                          2020                        2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000


       Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                              –                         166
       Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                                            293                           –


   (c) Risk exposure and fair value measurements
       Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 5(e). For information about the
       methods and assumptions used in determining fair value refer to Note 5(g).




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
             Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                                                               2020                     2019
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


             Bank deposits and cash in the consolidated statement of financial position                                       167,973                260,219
             Less: restricted bank balances*                                                                                  (10,550)                (18,320)


             Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows                                            157,423                241,899

             *        The restricted bank balances represent deposits made by the Group to secure certain banking facilities granted to the Group.


      23. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                               2020                     2019
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


             Trade payables                                                                                                    69,126                 39,220
             Accrued expenses                                                                                                 214,932                206,855
             Other payables                                                                                                    31,387                 23,387
             Contract liabilities (receipts in advance)                                                                        82,443                 84,568
             Customers’ deposits                                                                                               49,622                 50,103


                                                                                                                              447,510                404,133


             As at 31 December 2020, contract liabilities of approximately HK$82,443,000 (2019: HK$84,568,000) will be
             recognised as revenue in the next reporting period. Revenue recognised during the year ended 31 December 2020
             that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period amounted to approximately
             HK$84,568,000 (2019: HK$90,215,000).

             An ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                               2020                    2019
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


             0 to 30 days                                                                                                       7,209                  9,612
             31 to 60 days                                                                                                     16,605                 19,619
             61 to 90 days                                                                                                      6,697                  7,469
             Over 90 days                                                                                                      38,615                  2,520


                                                                                                                               69,126                 39,220




140   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


24. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
   (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                           2020                         2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000


         Within one year or on demand
           Bank loan                                                                                      295,000                     345,000


   (b)   The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollar as at 31 December
         2020 was HK$295,000,000 (2019: HK$345,000,000), which is unsecured, carries interest at variable rates
         and repayable on demand.

25. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   On 25 January 2019, the Company entered into the unlisted long-term convertible securities subscription agreement
   with Forever Top, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to issue, and Forever Top has
   conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the unlisted long-term convertible bonds (the “2019 LCS”). On 4 June 2019,
   the issuance of the 2019 LCS with the principal amount of HK$568,000,000 to Forever Top was completed. The
   2019 LCS would be convertible into 4,544,000,000 new Shares upon full conversion of the 2019 LCS based on the
   initial conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) of HK$0.125 per conversion share. The Conversion Price represents
   a premium of approximately 8.7% over the closing price of HK$0.115 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange
   on 25 January 2019, being the date on which the terms of the 2019 LCS were fixed. The coupon rate of the 2019
   LCS is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The 2019 LCS is convertible into ordinary Shares at any time during
   the period from the date of the issue of the 2019 LCS up to the close of business on the maturity date, subject to
   the conversion restrictions. The maturity date of the 2019 LCS is the end of the tenth year from date of the issue of
   the 2019 LCS and all of the remaining outstanding 2019 LCS will be redeemed by the Company at 100% of the
   outstanding principal amount of the 2019 LCS together with any interest accrued but unpaid thereon.

   On the date of issuance of the 2019 LCS, the fair value of liability component of approximately HK$343,719,000
   was recognised and the fair value of approximately HK$224,281,000, representing equity element, was recognised
   and presented in equity heading “equity component of convertible bonds” at initial recognition. The effective interest
   rate of the liability component was 7.69% per annum.

   The relevant fair value measurement was carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer not connected
   to the Group.




                                                            A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      26. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
             (a) Movements in components of equity
                      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
                      equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
                      individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                                                                                                        Capital and Reserves
                                                                                                                                       Equity
                                                                                                                                   component
                                                                                                                          Share             of
                                                                                       Share         Accumulated         option    convertible      Total
                                                                                      capital             losses        reserve        bonds       equity
                        Company                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                        Balance at 1 January 2019                                   7,844,472          (6,135,537)       16,038             –    1,724,973

                        Changes in equity for 2019:
                        Loss and total comprehensive
                          income for the year                                                    –       (532,036)             –            –     (532,036)


                        Issue of convertible bonds                                           –                  –              –      224,281     224,281
                        Shares issued under rights issue                                92,860                  –              –            –      92,860
                        Transaction costs incurred in
                           respect of rights issue                                       (8,357)                –             –             –       (8,357)
                        Share option expense                                                  –                 –         4,733             –        4,733
                        Transfer of reserve upon lapse of
                           share option                                                          –         1,890         (1,890)            –            –


                        Balance at 31 December 2019 and
                          1 January 2020                                            7,928,975          (6,665,683)       18,881       224,281    1,506,454

                        Changes in equity for 2020:
                        Loss and total comprehensive
                          income for the year                                                    –      (322,043)              –            –     (322,043)


                        Transfer of reserve upon lapse of
                          share option                                                           –         1,413         (1,413)            –            –


                        Balance at 31 December 2020                                 7,928,975          (6,986,313)       17,468       224,281    1,184,411


             (b) Dividends
                      The board of the Directors (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended
                      31 December 2020 (2019: HK$Nil).




142   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


26. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (c) Share capital
       (i)    Issued share capital

                                                             2020                                               2019
                                                     Number of                                          Number of
                                                        shares                 HK$’000                     shares                   HK$’000


              Ordinary shares, issued
                and fully paid:
              At 1 January                        7,134,623,520               7,928,975           6,206,020,156                   7,844,472
              Shares issued under rights issue
                (Note 26(c)(iii))                               –                         –          928,603,364                       92,860
              Transaction costs incurred in
                respect of rights issue                         –                         –                         –                   (8,357)


              At 31 December                      7,134,623,520               7,928,975           7,134,623,520                   7,928,975


              In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
              Company do not have a par value.

              The holders of ordinary shares of the Company are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time
              to time and are entitled to one vote per share at shareholders’ meetings of the Company. All ordinary
              shares of the Company rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

       (ii)   Share option scheme
              The Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company on 24 May 2018 which will be valid and
              effective for a period of ten years from the date of adoption.

              On 15 June 2018, Share Options carrying the rights to subscribe for a total of 279,200,000 Shares were
              granted to certain eligible persons under the Share Option Scheme at an exercise price of HK$0.210
              per Share.

              The fair value of the Share Options granted at the date of grant, 15 June 2018, was estimated at
              approximately HK$20,771,000. The fair value is determined by Binomial model using inputs, including
              share price of HK$0.15 per Share, exercise price of HK$0.21 per Share, volatility of 66%, risk-free rate
              of 2.25% and dividend yield of 0%.

              As a result of the Rights Issue (as defined thereafter), the number of Shares issuable and the exercise
              price per Share payable upon exercise of the outstanding Share Options granted under the Share
              Option Scheme were adjusted from 279,200,000 to 287,240,960 and from HK$0.210 to HK$0.204
              respectively.

              No Share Option was exercised during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. The Share
              Options carrying the rights to subscribe 19,547,200 Shares were lapsed during the year ended 31
              December 2020 (2019: 26,131,520). As at 31 December 2020, there were outstanding exercisable
              Share Options carrying the rights to subscribe 241,562,240 Shares (2019: 261,109,440 Shares).


                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      26. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
             (c) Share capital (Continued)
                      (iii)    Rights issue
                               On 25 January 2019, the Company announced a fund raising proposal comprising a rights issue on the
                               basis of three (3) new ordinary Shares of the Company (the “Rights Shares”) for every four (4) existing
                               Shares then held at the subscription price of HK$0.1 per Rights Share (the “Rights Issue”). On 4 June
                               2019, the Company completed the Rights Issue of 928,603,364 Shares for gross proceeds of
                               approximately HK$92,860,000 (net proceeds of approximately HK$84,503,000).

             (d) Nature and purpose of reserves
                      (i)      Capital reserve
                               The capital reserve is non-distributable. In 2004, the issued share capital of a subsidiary under the
                               Group was reduced (“Capital Reduction”) and the credit arising from the Capital Reduction was applied
                               to eliminate the accumulated losses standing in the statement of profit or loss of that subsidiary as at 30
                               September 2004. An undertaking was given to the Court by the subsidiary in connection with the Capital
                               Reduction (the “Undertaking”). Pursuant to the Undertaking, any future recoveries or reversals of
                               provisions and depreciation made by the subsidiary in respect of certain assets (“relevant assets”) held
                               by the subsidiary as at 30 September 2004 to the extent that such recoveries exceed the written down
                               amounts of the relevant assets, up to an aggregate amount of HK$1,958,524,266 (the “Limit”), will be
                               credited to a capital reserve. While any debt or liability of, or claim against, the subsidiary at the date of
                               the Capital Reduction remains outstanding and the person entitled to the benefit thereof has not agreed,
                               the capital reserve shall not be treated as realised profits.

                               The Limit may be reduced by the amount of any increase in the issued share capital of the subsidiary or
                               upon a capitalisation of distributable reserves. The Limit may also be reduced after the disposal or other
                               realisation of the relevant assets by the amount of the charge to provision or depreciation made in
                               relation to such asset as at 30 September 2004 less reversal as a result of such disposal or realisation.
                               In the event that the amount standing to the credit of the capital reserve exceeds the Limit, the
                               subsidiary shall be at liberty to transfer the amount of any such excess to the general reserves of the
                               subsidiary, which shall become available for distribution. As at 31 December 2020, the Limit of the
                               capital reserve, as reduced by HK$3,629,041 (2019: HK$57,685,111) related to recoveries and
                               reversals of provisions of the relevant assets, was HK$758,151,853 (2019: HK$761,780,894), and the
                               amount standing to the credit of the capital reserve was HK$13,984,483 (2019: HK$13,984,483).

                      (ii)     Exchange reserve
                               The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                               financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting
                               policies set out in Note 3(n).

             (e) Distributability of reserves
                      At 31 December 2020, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
                      shareholders of the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies
                      Ordinance, was HK$Nil (2019: HK$Nil).




144   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


27. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (a) Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                        2020                         2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000                     HK$’000


       The People’s Republic of China taxation                                                                  68                          63


   (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
       The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
       position of the Group and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                    Depreciation
                                                                      allowances
                                                                     in excess of
                                                                       the related
                                                                    depreciation                  Tax losses                        Total
        Deferred tax arising from                                        HK$’000                    HK$’000                       HK$’000


        At 1 January 2019                                                     56,992                  (357,517)                   (300,525)
        (Credited)/charged to the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss (Note 9(a))                                           (2,251)                     2,251                              –


        At 31 December 2019                                                   54,741                  (355,266)                   (300,525)


        At 1 January 2020                                                     54,741                  (355,266)                   (300,525)
        (Credited)/charged to the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss (Note 9(a))                                           (4,747)                     4,747                              –


        At 31 December 2020                                                   49,994                  (350,519)                   (300,525)


                                                                                                        2020                        2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000                     HK$’000


       Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
         statement of financial position                                                              (300,525)                   (300,525)


   (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised:
       The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of unused tax losses amounting to
       approximately HK$4,275,651,000 (2019: HK$3,993,320,000) and deductible temporary differences of
       approximately HK$21,691,000 (2019: HK$9,854,000) due to the uncertainty in utilising the unused tax losses
       in the relevant entities. These unused tax losses have no expiry date.




                                                         A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      28. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
             The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:

                                                                                                                             Interest-
                                                                                                 Convertible                  bearing
                                                                                                     bonds      Leases     borrowings      Total
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


               At 1 January 2019                                                                          –    181,485        495,000    676,485

               Changes from cash flows
                 Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                                 –           –      (150,000)   (150,000)
                 Proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                                           568,000           –             –     568,000
                 Principal elements of lease payments                                                     –     (28,016)            –      (28,016)

               Other changes
                 Interest expenses                                                                    8,868           –             –        8,868
                 Equity component of convertible bonds                                             (224,281)          –             –    (224,281)
                 Inception of leases                                                                      –       3,177             –        3,177
                 Lease modification                                                                       –     (41,767)            –      (41,767)


               At 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                               352,587    114,879        345,000    812,466

               Changes from cash flows
                 Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                                 –          –        (50,000)    (50,000)
                 Principal elements of lease payments                                                     –    (30,391)             –     (30,391)

               Other changes
                 Interest expenses                                                                   16,294          –              –     16,294
                 Inception of leases                                                                      –     25,697              –     25,697
                 Lease modification                                                                       –       (599)             –       (599)


               At 31 December 2020                                                                  368,881    109,586        295,000    773,467




146   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


29. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   Capital commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                         2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000                     HK$’000


         Property, plant and equipment
           — Contracted but not provided for                                                              1,003                       4,736

         Programming library
           — Contracted but not provided for                                                            10,884                      16,614


                                                                                                        11,887                      21,350


   (b)   At 31 December 2020, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are
         payable as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                        2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000                     HK$’000


         — Within one year                                                                                1,323                       1,443
         — After one year but within five years                                                             909                       2,322


                                                                                                          2,232                       3,765


         The operating lease commitment as at 31 December 2020 represents the total future minimum lease
         payments under non-cancellable short-term leases and low-value leases which are not included in lease
         liabilities.




                                                        A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      29. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
             (c) Future operating lease income
                      The total future minimum lease payments receivable in respect of decoders under non-cancellable operating
                      leases are as follows:

                                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


                      Within one year                                                                         2,245             2,722


             (d) Funding commitment under television broadcasting licences are as follows:

                      (i)      Upon acceptance of the renewal of the domestic pay television programme service licence of HKC on
                               29 May 2017 for the period of 12 years from 1 June 2017 to 31 May 2029, HKC has become subject to
                               a commitment of a six-year investment plan of HK$3,447 million from 2017 to 2023, comprising
                               HK$251 million of capital investment and HK$3,196 million of programming investment in content
                               including in-house channels containing self-produced and/or acquired programmes as well as in
                               acquired channels.

                      (ii)     In accordance with the terms of the domestic free television programme service licence issued to FTL (the
                               “Free TV Licence”), FTL has issued a performance bond in favour of the Hong Kong Government and
                               the balance as at 31 December 2020 was HK$Nil (2019: HK$2 million). Under the terms of the
                               performance bond, unless the Communications Authority otherwise approves or determines:

                               —        within 18 months from the commencement date of the Free TV Licence (being 31 May 2016) (the
                                        “Free TV Commencement Date”), FTL should incur not less than HK$168 million as the capital and
                                        programming expenditure for providing the domestic free television programme service;

                               —        within 30 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL should incur not less than HK$336
                                        million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                                        television programme service; and

                               —        within 42 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL should incur not less than HK$504
                                        million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                                        television programme service.

                               FTL has already satisfied the investment requirements under the Free TV Licence as stated above.




148   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


30. GUARANTEES
   As at 31 December 2020, a corporate guarantee had been provided by the Company to a bank of HK$400,000,000
   (2019: HK$400,000,000) in respect of the facility of borrowing up to HK$400,000,000 (2019: HK$400,000,000) to a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, of which HK$295,000,000 (2019: HK$345,000,000) was utilised by the
   subsidiary of the Company.

   As at 31 December 2020, the Group had made an arrangement with a bank to provide a performance bond to the
   counterparty amounting to approximately HK$33,830,000 (2019: two separate performance bonds were provided
   to the counterparties amounting to approximately HK$36,050,000), of which approximately HK$3,830,000 (2019:
   HK$6,050,000) was secured by bank deposits. The performance bond is to guarantee in favour of the counterparty
   the Group’s performance in fulfilling the obligations under a contract.

31. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements of the
   Group, the Group entered into the following material related party transactions during the year ended 31 December
   2020:

                                                                                                          2020                         2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Finance costs paid to Forever Top                                                                       11,360                        6,532
   Hardware maintenance paid to a company wholly owned by a director                                        1,680                          560
   Rentals and related management fees on properties paid to a related
      company                                                                                                1,467                          899


   Key management personnel remuneration
   Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the Company’s Directors as disclosed in
   Note 10 and other members of key management of the Group, is as follows:

                                                                                                          2020                         2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000


   Short-term employee benefits                                                                              4,056                       8,427
   Post-employment benefits                                                                                    300                         496
   Equity compensation benefits                                                                                  –                         914


                                                                                                             4,356                       9,837


32. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. There is no impact
   on net loss, net assets or net cash flows as a result of the reclassification.




                                                           A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


      33. COMPANY LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                           2020            2019
                                                                                                            Note         HK$’000        HK$’000


             ASSETS
             Non-current assets
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                                    18(a)           3,000          3,000
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                              2,160,317      2,225,300

                                                                                                                        2,163,317      2,228,300

             Current assets
             Prepayments and other receivables                                                                                 1,297       2,044
             Loan to a subsidiary                                                                                                  –      90,000
             Restricted bank balances                                                                                          3,830       3,830
             Cash and bank balances                                                                                           84,772     190,763

                                                                                                                              89,899     286,637

             Total assets                                                                                               2,253,216      2,514,937


             EQUITY
             Capital and reserves
             Share capital                                                                                  26(c)        7,928,975      7,928,975
             Reserves                                                                                       26(a)       (6,744,564)    (6,422,521)

             Total equity                                                                                               1,184,411      1,506,454

             LIABILITIES
             Non-current liability
             Convertible bonds                                                                                               368,881     352,587

             Current liabilities
             Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                               2,607       2,144
             Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                                     697,317     653,752

                                                                                                                             699,924     655,896


             Total liabilities                                                                                          1,068,805      1,008,483


             Total equity and liabilities                                                                               2,253,216      2,514,937


             Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021.




             Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                                                            Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
             Director                                                                            Director


150   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


34. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   On 27 January 2021, the Company entered into the unlisted long-term convertible securities subscription agreement
   (the “2021 LCS Subscription Agreement”) with Forever Top, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally
   agreed to issue, and Forever Top has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the 2021 LCS. The principal amount of
   the 2021 LCS is HK$200,000,000. The 2021 LCS has a maturity of 10 years, with a coupon rate of 2% per annum,
   and can be convertible into Shares of the Company at an initial conversion price of HK$0.068 per the new Share to
   be issued upon exercise of the conversion rights under the 2021 LCS. The conversion price of the 2021 LCS is
   subject to adjustments as set out in the 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement.

   Details of the 2021 LCS are set out in the Company’s published announcement dated 27 January 2021 and circular
   dated 2 March 2021. The 2021 LCS Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder were
   approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on 23 March 2021.




                                                          A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0 • i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D   151
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

      (Expressed in HK$ million)


                                                                                2016              2017            2018                 2019                 2020

      Results

      Revenue                                                                  1,406              1,258           1,163               1,161                1,069
      Operating expenses                                                      (1,718)            (1,702)         (1,652)             (1,525)              (1,303)

      Loss from operations                                                       (312)            (444)            (489)                (364)                (234)
      Interest income                                                                –                1                2                    5                    –
      Finance costs                                                                 (5)              (9)             (10)                 (38)                 (41)
      Non-operating (expenses)/income                                               (1)             86                42                    –                    –

      Loss before taxation                                                       (318)            (366)            (455)                (397)                (275)
      Income tax                                                                    5                3                (1)                  –                   (1)

      Loss for the year                                                          (313)            (363)            (456)                (397)                (276)

      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                       (313)            (363)            (456)                (397)                (276)

      Loss from operations                                                       (312)            (444)            (489)                (364)                (234)
      Depreciation (Note 1)                                                       214              205              196                  226                  220
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                       –                –                –                    2                    4

      Loss from operations before
        depreciation and amortisation
        of other intangible assets (Note 2)                                        (98)           (239)            (293)                (136)                 (10)

      Assets and Liabilities

      Non-current assets                                                       1,414             1,384           1,335                1,350                1,237
      Current assets                                                             211               681             343                  529                  371

      Total assets                                                             1,625             2,065           1,678                1,879                1,608

      Share capital                                                            6,858              7,844           7,844               7,929                7,929
      Reserves                                                                (6,353)            (6,714)         (7,120)             (7,289)              (7,564)

      Total equity attributable to equity
        shareholders of the Company                                               505            1,130              724                  640                  365

      Total liabilities                                                        1,120               935              954               1,239                1,243

      Total liabilities and equity                                             1,625             2,065           1,678                1,879                1,608

      Notes:

      1.       The Group has adopted HKFRS 16 “Leases” from 1 January 2019 retrospectively but has not restated comparatives for the previous reporting
               period, as permitted under the specific transitional provisions in the standard. Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognised during the years ended
               31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were approximately HK$37.2 million and HK$35.9 million respectively.

      2.       The Group presents the loss from operations before depreciation and amortisation of other intangible assets, a non-HKFRS financial measure, which
               is a supplemental information in relation to the operating performance of the Group to enable the stakeholders to evaluate and compare the
               performance across the same industry.



152   i - C A B L E C O M M U N I C AT I O N S L I M I T E D • A n n u a l R e p o r t 2 0 2 0
