                     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED 有線寬頻通訊有限公司
有線寬頻通訊有限公司                                                       i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
股份代號 : 1097                                                      STOCK CODE: 1097




              2017
              年報
                                                                                                  2017
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT




                     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 年報
CONTENTS
    02         Corporate Information
    03         Chairman’s Statement
    05         Business Review
    07         Business Model
    07         Business Strategy
    08         Environmental, Social and Governance Report
    17         Management Discussion and Analysis
    21         Corporate Governance Report
    39         Report of the Directors
    57         Independent Auditor’s Report
    65         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
    66         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                 Other Comprehensive Income
    67         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
    69         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
    70         Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
    72         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
    124        Five-year Financial Summary



    The English text of this annual report shall prevail over the Chinese text in case of
    inconsistencies or discrepancies.
02   CORPORATE INFORMATION
     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          PRINCIPAL BANKER
     Non-executive Directors                                     The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)
     Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Vice-chairman)          SHARE REGISTRAR
     Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian JP                               AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                      Tricor Tengis Limited
                                                                 Level 22, Hopewell Centre,
     Executive Director                                          183 Queen’s Road East,
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                     Hong Kong


     Independent Non-executive Directors                         REGISTERED OFFICE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP                           8th Floor, Cable TV Tower,
     Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP                             9 Hoi Shing Road,
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP                             Tsuen Wan,
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                  Hong Kong

     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             AUDITOR
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                          KPMG, Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard
     Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                  CORPORATE WEBSITE
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                        www.i-cablecomm.com

     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Chairman)                         STOCK CODE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                     01097

     COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
     Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman)
     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick
     Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman
     Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger

     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                                           03

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to announce that, with the relentless effort of our directors, management and employees, i-CABLE
Communications Limited (the “Company” or “i-CABLE”), its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (collectively
“the Group”) continues its business operations and Forever Top (Asia) Limited became a controlling shareholder of the
Company (the “Shareholder”) in September 2017. It is also encouraging that the government granted and Hong Kong
Cable Television Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, accepted the offer of the renewal of the domestic
pay television programme service licence for a period of 12 years until May 31, 2029. In addition, Fantastic Television
Limited (“Fantastic TV”), launched its integrated Cantonese channel under the domestic free television programme service
licence in May 2017.

Revenue of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by approximately HK$148 million or 11% to
approximately HK$1,258 million. The Group recorded a loss of approximately HK$363 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, representing an increase of approximately 16%, as compared with a loss of approximately HK$313
million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2017
was approximately 10.1 HK cents.

The Group’s financial performance in 2017 was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenue and
recurrent losses in recent years significantly weakened our liquidity and increased the dependency on external financing.

In September 2017, the Company completed an open offer (the “Open Offer”) of 3,352,520,666 ordinary shares of the
Company (the “Shares”) for net proceeds of approximately HK$687 million and completed the conversion of the loan
capitalisation amount (the “Loan Capitalisation”) of HK$300 million to 841,987,090 Shares. The financial position of the
Group was improved. Consolidated net asset value of the Group as at December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$1,130
million, representing an increase of approximately 124%, as compared with approximately HK$505 million as at December
31, 2016. As at December 31, 2017, the Group had net cash, being bank deposits and cash less total interest-bearing
borrowings, of approximately HK$90 million, comparing to a net debt of approximately HK$484 million as at December
31, 2016.

As a significant milestone in the Group’s history since the launch of pay television services in October 1993, Fantastic TV
launched its integrated Cantonese channel in May 2017, and is in preparation for the launch of its integrated English
channel. The Group has learned from the market over the years and will continue to stay much closer to the market and
to respond to market changes, thereby enabling us to take corresponding actions early on.

With respect to the subscription business, a series of business initiatives were taken to contain customer attrition. FANhub
is an enhanced pay television service with a full featured, “video-on-demand”, interactive HD (high definition) set top box
to enrich customer experience. Along with the Group’s aims of offering distinct and premium service to our customers,
the enriched HD channels would definitely satisfy different customers’ expectations and drive new revenue. Network
enhancement to higher-speed broadband Gigabit-capable Passive Optical Networks (“GPON”) service was progressing
on track and the faster and more reliable broadband service would certainly strengthen our competitiveness.

As to programming, i-CABLE’s news has always been well-recognised by the market, as evidenced by the number one
ranking in news and finance channel in the Appreciation Index for the first two quarters of 2017. It also received two 37th
Annual Telly Awards, five Hang Seng Management College Business Journalism Awards and two 16th Consumer Rights
Reporting Awards. The Group’s self-produced entertainment programmes focused on local and international
entertainment news for the purpose of fostering relationships with different partners in the entertainment industry. The
Group also offered a wide range of movie choices with emphasis on local market flavour, providing not only mass
appealing but also critically acclaimed movies to subscribers.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
04   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)

     Recently, the Group enriched our content by adding new channels relating to sports, entertainment, lifestyle and news to
     our pay television platform, which serves to perfectly complements i-CABLE’s award winning news and creative local
     production programmes, and provides a range of new genres for our subscribers.

     Under the new management, the Group believes that, with continuous self-improvement initiatives and innovative ideas,
     the media industry will go through major transformations. In order to accommodate to this inevitable trend and to
     capitalise on the market movement, the Group shall always keep abreast of latest development of the market and related
     technologies. It is widely believed in the market that the ability of identifying the right path for development is of utmost
     importance for our sustainable growth in the future.

     Also, I would like to take this opportunity to welcome our new Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Leung Shuk Yee Irene for
     joining us. Ms. Leung is a seasoned senior management with extensive knowledge and experience in the
     telecommunication industry. I believe, with her expertise, professionalism and experience in driving transformation, Ms.
     Leung will direct the Group to a right way in the challenging market.

     As we are rebuilding the Group for the future, we shall be innovative and courageous enough to take challenges ahead
     hand in hand. All in all, we are thankful for the patience and continuous support from all of our dedicated employees, the
     new management, invaluable business partners, shareholders and investors. We look forward to sharing the rewards
     ahead with you.




     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, March 22, 2018




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
BUSINESS REVIEW                                                                                                             05

OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
The Group’s financial performance in 2017 was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenue. The
decline of the advertising revenue was mainly due to the competition from free television, digital and OTT (over-the-top)
platforms. On the subscription business front, contraction of customer base remained. Fantastic TV launched its
integrated Cantonese channel in May 2017 and is in preparation for the launch of its integrated English channel.

Business
Keen competition in the market has continued to contract the subscription customer base of pay television (“Pay TV”)
service and broadband service, however, the subscription average revenue per user was only slightly affected.

                                                                                            December           December
Customers (’000)                                                                                2017               2016


Television                                                                                         850               909
Broadband                                                                                          149               156
Telephony                                                                                           90                95


FANhub with enhanced content viewing features combined with our mobile app served as a major proposition to facilitate
the acquisition and retention of Pay TV subscription customers. The viewing experience was enriched with multi-screen
function, allowing our subscribers to watch our content more conveniently.

As the Group continues to upgrade our network to provide high speed GPON services our subscribers are able to enjoy
more stable and faster internet access. The Group will continue to enhance the FANhub platform to support our enhanced
and interactive services.

Impacted by the continuous down trend in the retail sector and cut-throat competition, airtime sales business of Pay TV
underperformed in 2017 although flexible pricing and other value-added services have been deployed during the period.

With the launch of the integrated Cantonese channel by Fantastic TV in May 2017, the Group expected airtime sales to
pick up. However, in view of the emergence and remarkable growth of digital platforms (e.g. OTT), and the lack of
signature local programmes to attract eyeballs during the year, airtime sales business of Pay TV and Fantastic TV
remained sluggish.

The Group is under-going the evaluation of various new initiatives, aiming to accelerate revenue growth in 2018.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
06   BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

     Programming
     i-CABLE’s news has always been well-recognised by the market, as evidenced by the number one ranking in news and
     finance channel in the Appreciation Index for the first two quarters of 2017. It also received two 37th Annual Telly Awards,
     five Hang Seng Management College Business Journalism Awards and two 16th Consumer Rights Reporting Awards.
     The Group’s self-produced entertainment programmes focused on local and international entertainment news for the
     purpose of fostering relationships with different partners in the entertainment industry. The Group also offered a wide
     range of movie choices with emphasis on local market flavour, providing not only mass appealing but also critically
     acclaimed movies to subscribers.

     Self-productions continued to embrace originality and local flavours. It comprised a rich and diversified ‘family viewing’
     genre ranging from health, food, pets, celebrity talkshow, infotainment, music to travel and family relationship. Programme
     highlights include “Chapmanology” (杜汶澤食住上), “Trips with Mom” (帶阿媽去旅行), “Health-fie” (身 • 醫 • 管), “Hong
     Kong is…” (香港事 • 香港是), “Francis & Friends” (天下第一Friend), “Entrapment” (中伏), “PAPA Go” (冇大冇細), “The
     Canine Coach” (煉狗術師), “Golden Melody” (歲月如歌), etc.

     In 2017, the Group continued to offer major soccer events such as UEFA Champion League, German Bundesliga,
     J.League, etc. We also cover horse racing and carry various top non-soccer sports events like FIBA Men’s Basketball
     World 2019 Qualifiers, CBA, ASEAN Basketball League, FIVB World Grand Prix Volleyball, BWF World Badminton
     Championships, etc.

     Recently, the Group enriched our content by adding new channels relating to sports, entertainment, lifestyle and news to
     our pay television platform, which serves to perfectly complements i-CABLE’s award winning news and creative local
     production programmes, and provides a range of new genres for our subscribers.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Facing the Group
     The following principal risks and uncertainties are considered to be of significance and have the potential to affect the
     Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial conditions. However, this is non-exhaustive as there may be other
     risks and uncertainties arising, resulting from changes in the economy and other conditions over time.

     The television segment is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super dominant operator and
     changing user behavior. A wider range of contents is available on new platforms and various mobile devices for users to
     select and view anytime and anywhere. An abundant supply of contents intensified competition, which further weakened
     the demand for our subscription content. At the same time, the much keener competition for content has raised costs.
     They combine to weaken the Group’s operating results. Nevertheless, the Group will make prudent and necessary
     investment in content and infrastructure to strengthen our competitiveness.

     The internet and multimedia segment is faced with fast changing technology and customers are constantly demanding for
     better quality and higher-speed internet service. The Group’s operations depend on its ability to innovate and the
     successful deployment of new technologies. The Group will continue to enhance its network and bring better quality
     service to the customers. The enhancement would strengthen our competitiveness and bring in revenue growth potential.

     Recurrent losses have weakened the Group’s financial position and increased its dependency on external financing.

     The Group also exposed to certain financial risks which are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
BUSINESS MODEL                                                                                                               07

The Group is an integrated communications services provider in Hong Kong, commanding a large and influential television
viewer and communications service user base in town.

It owns and operates a near universal wireline telecommunications network in Hong Kong to provide television, internet
and multimedia services to over two million households.

It is also one of the producers of television and multimedia content based in Hong Kong for distribution over conventional
and new media, with a particular focus on news, information, sports and entertainment.


BUSINESS STRATEGY
The Group endeavours to sharpen its services to attain higher customer satisfaction, which in turn drives business and
revenue performance. Specifically, the Group pursues the following:

(a)   acquire, produce and distribute quality content meeting local tastes and needs;

(b)   invest in infrastructure, network and delivery platforms to enhance service level and customer convenience;

(c)   unlock the value of our programming assets for cross-platform and international distribution; and

(d)   continuously better our processes and procedures to always stay cost-effective.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
08   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (A) ABOUT THIS REPORT
          As a responsible corporate citizen, i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and
          consolidated structured entities (collectively the “Group”) are committed to responding to the challenges of climate
          change by adopting environmental protocols for our operations. We are also dedicated to creating a favourable
          environment for our staff members; providing resources to support their growth and development; as well as
          promoting staff engagement in social undertakings and volunteer work.

          This is the third report for the Group to demonstrate our continued commitment to environmental, social and
          governance (“ESG”) responsibilities. The Group places greater emphasis on ESG issues relating to product
          responsibility, employee safety, supply chain management and environmental protection, as we believe these are
          the primal concerns of our stakeholders and the community.

          Looking ahead, we will continue to develop our corporate social responsibilities (“CSR”) work in line with our
          business plan and strategies. This will not be possible without our colleagues’ efforts and dedication in upholding
          CSR values.

          For the financial year ended December 31, 2017 as covered by this report, the Company has complied with the
          “comply or explain” provisions in respect of general disclosures set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance
          Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock
          Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     (B) SOCIAL
          1.    Community
                1.1   Community Investment
                      The Group attaches great importance to staff participation in community activities, motivating and
                      encouraging colleagues to extend a helping hand to the elderly, children and youths as well as families
                      in need of social support.

                      Volunteer Service
                      Established in 2003, our staff volunteering team continued to grow. Leading charitable organisations
                      that we worked with include The Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon, Youth Outreach, Tsing Yi
                      (South) Integrated Family Service Centre, The Salvation Army and Tai Po Geoheritage Centre. Activities
                      and events included visits to elderly homes, collection of books and stationeries for donation to needy
                      children, improvement projects for wildlife habitats, as well as fundraising initiatives.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                  09

(B) SOCIAL (Continued)
    1.   Community (Continued)
         1.1   Community Investment (Continued)
               Community Support
               The Group offers care and opportunities for less-privileged students since we are concerned about the
               development of our community. We partnered with Buddhist Wong Wan Tin College to provide
               assistance to students in terms of learning, personal and moral development as well as career planning.

               Community Engagement
               Our news team has undertaken to produce the programme “Making a Difference” covering over 600
               touching stories in town by exploring encouraging stories with non-profit-making organisations,
               individuals or organisations with a passion for life; turning these into news segments and “Making a
               Difference” a reality. We hope to bring more positive energy to Hong Kong and raise public awareness
               of minority groups and people in need.

    2.   Employment and Labour Practices
         2.1   Employment
               The Group has Employee Handbook & Company Policy posted on intranet web link regarding
               employment and employee benefits. We also have Equal Opportunities Policy in place.

               The following Hong Kong laws in relation to the employment and labour policies are relevant to the
               Group:

               •          Employment Ordinance;
               •          Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (“MPFSO”);
               •          Employees’ Compensation Ordinance;
               •          Minimum Wage Ordinance;
               •          Sex Discrimination Ordinance;
               •          Disability Discrimination Ordinance;
               •          Family Status Discrimination Ordinance;
               •          Race Discrimination Ordinance; and
               •          Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance.

               Employee Statistics

                           2017 Total Workforce                        2016 Total Workforce
                           Number of employee                          Number of employee
                   Male          Female           Total         Male         Female           Total
                   1,298             578          1,876        1,469           668            2,137




                                                           i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
10   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (B) SOCIAL (Continued)
          2.    Employment and Labour Practices (Continued)
                2.1   Employment (Continued)
                      Employee Statistics (Continued)
                      2017 New Hires and Employee Turnover

                                                   Below 30                      30-50                  Above 50
                                                                                                                       Total    Rate
                                               Male        Female         Male        Female         Male    Female
                       New Hires                161          100           113           53           21           3   451     0.240(1)
                       Employee
                        Turnover                187          115           230           125          49           6   712     0.380(2)


                      2016 New Hires and Employee Turnover

                                                   Below 30                      30-50                  Above 50
                                                                                                                       Total    Rate
                                               Male        Female         Male        Female         Male    Female
                       New Hires                235          141           140           63           24           4   607     0.284(1)
                       Employee
                        Turnover                226          147           146           89           36           5   649     0.304(2)

                      Notes:


                      (1)      New hire rate = Total number of new hires/Total number of employees
                      (2)      Turnover rate = Total number of employee turnover/Total number of employees


                2.2   Health and Safety
                      Safety Handbook & Company Policy is posted on intranet web link regarding work place safety. The
                      following policies are also in place:

                      1.       Typhoon & Rainstorm Policy; and
                      2.       Display Screen Equipment Assessment Policy.

                      To enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of safe working practices, the Group has adopted
                      key occupational health and safety measures as follows:

                      •        Annual practice of mass fire drill in collaboration with Fire Department;
                      •        Periodical occupational safety and health training courses;
                      •        Demo video of physical exercise in department workplace as reminder; and
                      •        Department Operational Guideline on safety measures for working-at-height and lifting of heavy
                               tools and objects.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED              2017 Annual Report
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                        11

(B) SOCIAL (Continued)
    2.   Employment and Labour Practices (Continued)
         2.2   Health and Safety (Continued)
               During the year ended December 31, 2017 there was no incidence of non-compliance with the
               Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance that has a significant impact on the business operations of
               the Group.

               2017 Occupational Health and Safety Data

                     Fatality number           Fatality rate(1)             Injury rate(2)         Lost days rate(3)      Absentee rate(4)
                             –                          –                      0.0119                    0.0012                0.0105

               2016 Occupational Health and Safety Data

                     Fatality number            Fatality rate(1)             Injury rate(2)        Lost days rate(3)       Absentee rate(4)
                             –                          –                      0.0106                    0.0008                0.0124

               Notes:


               (1)      Fatality rate = Total fatality number/Total number of employees
               (2)      Injury rate = Total staff affected/Total number of employees
               (3)      Lost days rate = Total number of lost days/Total days worked
               (4)      Absentee rate = Total number of absentee days/Total days worked


         2.3   Development and Training
               The Company encourages vocational education and training activities, including:

               1.       Tuition Subsidies Programme; and
               2.       Full Funding Training Programme.

               The Company conducted around 56 corporate training events (2016: 60 corporate training events)
               involving 3,679 participants (2016: 7,791 participants) with a total of 42,659 training hours (2016:
               79,826 training hours) to enhance work knowledge, safety compliance, service quality as well as
               compliance of anti-corruption during the year.

               Employee Training and Development Data
               2017 Average hours of training

                                                                   By employment category
                      Management Staff                      Senior Staff                      General Staff                   Total
                           (hour)                             (hour)                             (hour)                      (hour)
                                 3.9                               19.2                           23.8                        22.7


               2016 Average hours of training

                                                                    By employment category
                       Management Staff                      Senior Staff                     General Staff                   Total
                            (hour)                             (hour)                            (hour)                      (hour)
                                 24                                22.7                           41.6                        37.4



                                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                  2017 Annual Report
12   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (B) SOCIAL (Continued)
          2.    Employment and Labour Practices (Continued)
                2.4   Labour Standards
                      Employment and Compensation & Benefits Policies were established to meet or exceed the
                      requirements of the Employment Ordinance and the MPFSO. The Group has adopted measures to
                      prevent recruitment of child and forced labour:

                      •    Except for child entertainers and summer interns, the Group shall hold against hiring any candidate
                           who is under 18 years old;
                      •    For child entertainers, the Group renews permission to employ child entertainers yearly from the
                           Labour Department; and
                      •    For summer interns, strict collection of sworn declaration forms and school endorsement to
                           prevent child labour.

                      The Group has received the “Good MPF Employer Award”, “e-Contribution Award” and “Support for
                      MPF Management Award” in 2016/17 from The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority for our
                      full compliance with employers’ statutory obligations and provision of better retirement for employees.

                      During the year ended December 31, 2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with relevant
                      laws and regulations relating to labour standards that has a significant impact on the business
                      operations of the Group.

          3.    Operating Practices
                3.1   Supply Chain Management
                      The Group sources from trustworthy suppliers and contractors for quality and sustainable products and
                      services, under well-defined procurement policy. We encourage suppliers and contractors to take green
                      measures and products that fulfill the 4Rs Rule: “Reduce, Recycle, Reuse and Replace”.

                      We source from around the world with over 70% of suppliers and contractors based in Hong Kong to
                      support the local economy.

                3.2   Product Responsibility
                      We observe codes and guidelines for television programme service licensees, along with various
                      legislations including:

                      •    Broadcasting Ordinance;
                      •    Broadcasting (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance;
                      •    Telecommunications Ordinance; and
                      •    Competition Ordinance.

                      We also have various internal guidelines or codes of practices for different functions and divisions, and
                      different trainings for staff development.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                       13

(B) SOCIAL (Continued)
    3.   Operating Practices (Continued)
         3.2   Product Responsibility (Continued)
               Service Commitment
               We were awarded ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management System certification & ISO 10002:2014 Quality
               Management — Customer Satisfaction certification, covering after-sales services and customer cases
               management, by SGS Hong Kong Limited in March 2016 which continues to be well maintained in 2017.

               We place customer experience as our priority. A Quality Management System in line with the
               requirements of the ISO standards is implemented to improve our hotline and customer care services,
               and to uplift installation and maintenance standards. We address customer complaints in a timely, fair
               and unbiased manner. Customer views are regularly collected and analysed through customer
               satisfaction surveys.

               Intellectual Property Rights
               We have Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures in place to manage, protect and monitor
               information technology (IT) systems and data. The use of unauthorised software or copying of copyrights
               works is not allowed under our policy.

               Personal Data Policy
               We respect individuals’ legal rights to privacy, and strictly abide by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance
               in collecting, holding, processing and using customers’ personal data. In addition to establishing policies
               and operation guidelines, we issue periodic reminders and deliver regular briefings to frontline staff to
               remind them the importance of protecting personal data.

               We protect the confidentiality of our customer data by implementing layers of security (IT controls) to
               prevent loss or leakage of customer data. Our Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures
               also ensure data security and IT system user access control.

               No substantiated complaints regarding breach of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance were received
               in both years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

         3.3   Anti-corruption
               The Group prohibits bribery and corruption practices. We have Circular, Employee Handbook and
               Company Policy posted on intranet web link regarding standard code of ethics:

               (1)   Corporate Code of Ethical Standards on prevention of bribery, gambling, collections and insider
                     dealing; and
               (2)   Policy on reporting potential non-compliance and conflict of interest.

               Under the Group’s Code of Conduct, all staff are required to abide by the laws on anti-corruption, such
               as the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance.

               There was no legal case brought against our employees in corruption practices in both the years ended
               December 31, 2017 and 2016.

               Whistle Blowing
               Staff is obliged to report alleged material non-compliance to the Company, which will be investigated.
               Those found in violation are subject to appropriate disciplinary action.



                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
14   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (C) ENVIRONMENTAL
          The Group recognised the importance of maintaining good environmental protection behavior across the Group by
          integrating environmental considerations into the business processes of the Group. The board (the “Board”) of
          directors (the “Directors”) of the Company believes that the Group is responsible for the protection of the
          environment and adheres to create a sustainable future for the stakeholders as well as the community in which the
          Group operates by the continuous contributions from our experienced management and employees. To this end,
          the Group focuses on three main areas which include emissions, use of resources, and the environment and natural
          resources.

          1.    Emissions
                The Group works strategically and collaboratively to identify solutions for reducing greenhouse gas emissions,
                reducing waste production as well as reducing energy consumption by identifying rooms for improvement.
                During the year ended December 31, 2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with relevant laws and
                regulations relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions and waste management that have a significant
                impact on the business operations of the Group.

                1.1   Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
                      The Group promotes the minimisation of greenhouse gas emissions generated by the Group and
                      encourages the environmental care in its working environment. The Group continuously takes the
                      following measures to reduce the air and greenhouse gas emissions:

                      Fuel consumption
                      •     reduce the number of vehicles and optimise vehicle utilisation;
                      •     phase out pre-euro IV diesel vehicles;
                      •     regular maintenance to reduce carbon emission;
                      •     provide guidelines on good driving practice; and
                      •     Green driving workshops conducted for our drivers.

                      Air Emissions

                                                                                                                            2017                      2016
                                                                                                                       (in tonne)                (in tonne)


                      NOX emissions                                                                                          2.2                     2.5
                      SOX emissions                                                                                       0.0046                  0.0054
                      PM emissions                                                                                           0.2                     0.2

                      Greenhouse Gas Emissions

                                                                                                                            2017                      2016
                                                                                                                       (in tonne)                (in tonne)


                      CO2 emissions — scope 1 (Note 1)                                                                       824                     843
                      CO2 emissions — scope 2 (Note 2)                                                                    11,517                  11,465


                      Total                                                                                               12,341                  12,308

                      Notes:


                      1.       Direct emissions (scope 1) includes greenhouse gas emissions from combustion of fuels in company vehicle fleet.
                      2.       Energy indirectly emissions (scope 2) includes greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of electricity purchased from
                               power companies.



     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                 15

(C) ENVIRONMENTAL (Continued)
   1.   Emissions (Continued)
        1.2. Waste Management
             The Group has devoted substantial efforts to waste management by minimising solid waste to landfills
             through waste reducing, waste reusing and waste recycling. One of the essential measurements is
             through promoting the importance of waste reduction among the employees of the Group through
             training and education. Going paperless is always our key message passed to the employees of the
             Group and they are encouraged to use electronic copies for filling purpose and use of recycle papers for
             printing in order to reduce waste. Our efforts to reduce paper usage include implementing paperless
             e-Leave and e-Payroll systems.

             The Group is not aware of any significant generation of hazardous waste and adopted suitable waste
             handling and reduction measures in accordance with local laws and regulations.

             Types and amount of waste recycled in 2017

                Paper and     Production        Plastics                     Office Equipment       Batteries and
              Paper Product   Equipment      (Video Tape)      Cartridge      and Computers      Charger Accessories
                 (tonne)        (piece)         (piece)         (piece)            (piece)             (piece)
                    27           2,314          22,401           510               1,513                 238


             Types and amount of waste recycled in 2016

                Paper and      Production       Plastics                     Office Equipment        Batteries and
              Paper Product    Equipment     (Video Tape)      Cartridge     and Computers        Charger Accessories
                 (tonne)         (piece)        (piece)         (piece)            (piece)              (piece)
                    27           1,123          12,541           1,200             720                   343


   2.   Use of Resources
        Being a responsible corporation to the environment and the society, the Group focuses on exploring
        opportunities to minimise the use of energy or natural resources among the Group and with the new
        technologies and by improving efficiency of the operation procedures that provide the best use of production
        and office equipment, the management of the Group believes that the Group can improve the efficiency of the
        use of energy and natural resources from time to time.

        Energy Management
        The Group endeavours to make use of energy efficiently and to encourage employees of the Group to use
        energy smartly. The consumption of energy is monitored regularly and measures were taken to identify any
        rooms for improvement. Another key focus by the Group on how to minimise the use of resources and how to
        use wisely is through education and training:

        •    reduce operation hours of public lighting, escalators and lifts;
        •    automated switching off air-conditioning and lighting;
        •    retrofit lighting system with using energy efficient T5 fluorescent tubes and LED lights;
        •    adjust indoor temperature settings;
        •    purchase energy efficient office equipment with electron energy loss spectroscopy; and
        •    provide staff with tips for Green office.




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
16   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (C) ENVIRONMENTAL (Continued)
          2.    Use of Resources (Continued)
                Water Management
                Much of the water consumption of the Group is for water-cooled air conditioning system, basic cleaning and
                sanitation. The Group promotes the use of water smartly by training and education. The management of the
                Group continuously monitors the consumption of water and explores ways to further reduce our water
                consumption.

                Energy and Resources Consumption

                                                                                                                              2017            2016


                Electricity (kilowatt-hour)                                                                           17,994,843         17,913,312
                Water consumption (cubic meter)                                                                            4,396              5,054
                Diesel (litre)                                                                                           149,118            160,202
                Unleaded petrol (litre)                                                                                  152,215            179,740
                Electricity intensity (kilowatt-hour/employee)                                                             9,592              8,382
                Water consumption intensity (cubic meter/employee)                                                             2                  2
                Diesel per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                         2,868              2,913
                Unleaded petrol per vehicle (litre/vehicle)                                                                2,114              2,365

                Note: Use of packaging material for finished product is not a material aspect of the business operations of the Group.


          3.    The Environment and Natural Resources
                The Group explores the possibility of the usage of clean energy or reusable resources and the opportunities to
                minimise the use of energy or natural resources in every department in different business operations of the
                Group. The Group continuously adhere the principle of minimising the impact on the environment and natural
                resources. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Group is not aware of any significant impacts of
                activities arising from the business operations of the Group on the environment and natural resources.

                Environmental Friendly Programme was implemented to the Group throughout these years to bring the
                employees together with the management of the Company to contribute to our society. The Group takes
                great emphasis in the future development of our environment. In order to enhance the awareness of
                environmental conservation, we encouraged our staff to participate in various environmental programmes. Our
                volunteer team engaged in Ma Shi Chau Coastal Cleaning Programme, and the Group joined the programmes
                of Earth Hour 2017 and Hong Kong No Air Con Night 2017. Through the collaboration with environmental
                organisations including Tai Po Geoheritage Centre, Worldwide Fund and Green Sense, we believe our
                commitment will contribute to the betterment of our community.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                                                                17

(A) REVIEW OF 2017 RESULTS
   Revenue of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by approximately HK$148 million or 11%
   to approximately HK$1,258 million (2016: HK$1,406 million).

   Operating costs of the Group before depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2017, including selling, general
   and administrative and other operating expenses, cost of sales, network expenses and programming costs,
   decreased by approximately HK$6 million to approximately HK$1,498 million (2016: HK$1,504 million). Selling,
   general and administrative and other operating expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 9%, cost of
   sales of the Group decreased by approximately 7%, while network expenses of the Group increased by
   approximately 5% and programming costs of the Group increased by approximately 2%.

   During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Group recorded a gain of approximately HK$72 million on disposal
   of subsidiaries, which were property holding companies.

   EBITDA(Note) of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2017 was a loss of approximately HK$239 million (2016:
   a loss of approximately HK$98 million). Net loss of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2017 was
   approximately HK$363 million (2016: HK$313 million). Basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended
   December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$0.10 (2016 restated: HK$0.13).

   Note: “EBITDA” represents earnings before interest income, finance costs, impairment losses on investments, non-operating income/expenses,
         provision for income tax, depreciation of property, plant and equipment but after amortisation of programming library.


(B) SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
   The principal activities of the Group include Television, and Internet and Multimedia operations.

   Television
   The television segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, advertising, channel
   carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, network maintenance, and miscellaneous television related
   businesses.

   Revenue derived from the television segment for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by approximately
   12% to approximately HK$914 million (2016: HK$1,043 million) on lower subscription and advertising revenue.
   Operating costs before depreciation incurred by the television segment for the year ended December 31, 2017
   decreased by approximately 1% to approximately HK$1,176 million (2016: HK$1,185 million). EBITDA for the year
   ended December 31, 2017 was a loss of approximately HK$262 million (2016: a loss of approximately HK$142
   million).

   Internet and Multimedia
   The internet and multimedia segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
   operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services as well as other internet access related businesses.

   Revenue derived from the internet and multimedia segment for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by
   approximately 4% to approximately HK$321 million (2016: HK$336 million). Operating costs before depreciation
   incurred by the internet and multimedia segment for the year ended December 31, 2017 increased by approximately
   3% to approximately HK$204 million (2016: HK$198 million). EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2017
   decreased by approximately 15% to approximately HK$117 million (2016: HK$138 million).




                                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                     2017 Annual Report
18   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

     (C) LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
          As at December 31, 2017, the Group had net cash, being bank deposits and cash less total interest-bearing
          borrowings, of approximately HK$90 million (after the completion of the Open Offer and the Loan Capitalisation in
          September 2017), as compared to net debt of approximately HK$484 million as at December 31, 2016. The gearing
          ratio, measured in terms of the total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity, was approximately 43.8%
          (2016: 116.7%).

          Consolidated net asset value of the Group as at December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$1,130 million,
          representing an increase of approximately 124%, as compared with consolidated net asset value of the Group as at
          December 31, 2016 of approximately HK$505 million.

          The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”) as at December 31,
          2017 was HK$495 million (2016: HK$590 million), which carries interest at variable rates, of which HK$395 million
          was repayable on demand and HK$100 million would become due after one year but not more than two years. The
          committed borrowing facilities available to the Group but not drawn as at December 31, 2017 amounted to HK$11
          million.

          In September 2017, the Company completed the open offer of 3,352,520,666 Shares at the offer price of HK$0.21
          per Share for net proceeds of approximately HK$687 million and completed the conversion of the loan capitalisation
          amount of HK$300 million to 841,987,090 Shares in accordance with the loan capitalisation agreement among the
          Company, a subsidiary of the Company and Wharf Finance Limited. Subsequent to the completion of the Open
          Offer, as at December 31, 2017, net proceeds of approximately HK$24 million has been used for investments in
          network related capital expenditure; approximately HK$17 million has been used for investments in television related
          capital expenditure; approximately HK$15 million has been used for investments in other capital expenditure; and
          approximately HK$108 million has been used as funding required for operating requirements of the Group.

          The Group’s assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in HK$ and United States Dollars (“US$”) and it earns its
          revenue and incurs costs and expenses mainly in HK$ and US$. As HK$ is pegged to US$, the Group does not
          expect any significant foreign currency exposure arising from the fluctuation of the US$/HK$ or HK$/US$ exchange
          rates.

          Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2017 amounted to
          approximately HK$208 million (2016: HK$238 million) and the additions to programming library during the year
          ended December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$115 million (2016: HK$123 million).

          The Group financed its operations generally with internally generated cash flows, the available credit facilities and
          the proceeds from the Open Offer.

     (D) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
          As at December 31, 2017, there were contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees and indemnities provided by the
          Company to a bank and Wharf Finance Limited totally of HK$500 million (2016: HK$806 million) in respect of
          overdraft and guarantee facilities of borrowings up to HK$500 million (2016: HK$806 million) to the wholly-owned
          subsidiaries of the Company, of which HK$495 million (2016: HK$590 million) was utilised by the subsidiaries of the
          Company.

          The maximum exposure of the Company at the end of the reporting period under the guarantees and indemnities
          was the amount of facilities drawn down by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company amounted to
          HK$495,000,000 (2016: HK$590,000,000).


     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)                                                                                 19

(E) HUMAN RESOURCES
      The Group had 1,876 employees as at December 31, 2017 (2016: 2,137). Total gross salaries and related costs
      before capitalisation and incurred for the year ended December 31, 2017 amounted to approximately HK$651
      million (2016: HK$700 million). The remuneration of the Directors and the employees of the Group are determined
      with reference to their qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Group, as well as the Group’s
      performance and the prevailing market conditions. Besides, the Group regularly provides training courses for the
      employees of the Group to meet their needs.

(F) OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
      The Group’s financial performance in 2017 was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenue. The
      decline of the advertising revenue was mainly due to the competition from free television, digital and OTT platforms.
      On the subscription business front, the customer base was contracted as compared to 2016.

(G) CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
      As at December 31, 2017, security deposits of approximately HK$16.7 million (2016: HK$20.0 million) made by the
      Group to secure certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

(H) MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
      There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiary and associated company or significant investments of
      the Group, which would have been required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, for the year ended December
      31, 2017.

(I)   FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
      The Group will continue to invest in property, plant and equipment and programming library as required by its
      business operations, and explore the market and identify any business opportunities which may provide its growth
      and development potential, enhance the profitability, and strive for better return to the shareholders of the Company
      (the “Shareholders”).

      The Group’s ongoing capital expenditure will be funded by internal cash flows generated from operations, the
      available credit facilities and the proceeds from the Open Offer.

(J) OUTLOOK
      The Group will continue to focus on its existing business operations and will explore new opportunities in the
      market.

      In May 2017, Hong Kong Cable Television Limited accepted the offer of the renewal of the domestic pay television
      programme service licence for a period of 12 years until May 31, 2029. In addition, Fantastic TV launched its
      integrated Cantonese channel in May 2017 and is in preparation for the launch of its integrated English channel.

      The Group will strive to make good use of available cash on hand for its operations and continue to exercise
      additional prudence to invest in programming library, content enrichment, HD/OTT upgrades, customer service
      improvement, GPON for higher spend broadband service and new businesses, as well as marketing and media
      initiatives to sharpen the competitiveness of the Group.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
20   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

     (K) SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
          The Group does not have any important events affecting the Group’s financial performance and/or financial position
          significantly that have occurred since the end of the financial year December 31, 2017.

     (L) COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
          During the year ended December 31, 2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and
          regulations of the place in which the Group operates that has a significant impact on the business operations of the
          Group.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                                                21

(A) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
   The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices, and procedures and
   to complying with the statutory and regulatory requirements with an aim to maximising the Shareholders’ values and
   interests as well as to enhancing the stakeholders’ transparency and accountability. During the financial year ended
   December 31, 2017, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance
   Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, with the exception of the deviation as set out
   under section (D) below.

(B) MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
   The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
   Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. The Company, having made specific enquiries of all the
   Directors, was not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
   financial year ended December 31, 2017.

   The Company has also applied the principles of the Model Code for securities transactions by the employees of the
   Group.

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS
   The Board is responsible for the leadership and management of the Group as well as promoting the success of the
   Group with the objective of acting for the best of the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole by
   directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. The key responsibilities of the Board
   include formulation of the overall strategies of the Group, monitoring the performance of the management, and
   ensuring the duties delegated to respective board committees of the Company are effectively performed.

   I.   Composition of the Board
        As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises ten Directors, of whom one is executive Director, five
        are non-executive Directors and four are independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board
        is set out below:

        Non-executive Directors
        Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                        (appointed as non-executive Director and Chairman with effect
          (Chairman)                                       from September 15, 2017)
        Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                       (appointed as non-executive Director and Vice-chairman with
          (Vice-chairman)                                  effect from September 15, 2017)
        Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian                      (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
        Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                       (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
        Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                          (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
        Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul                       (resigned with effect from September 15, 2017)

        Executive Directors
        Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                         (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
        Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William                        (resigned as executive Director and Chief Strategy and
                                                           Administration Officer with effect from March 1, 2018)
        Mr. NG Tin Hoi Stephen                          (resigned as executive Director, Chairman and Chief
                                                           Executive Officer with effect from September 15, 2017)

        Independent Non-executive Directors
        Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                       (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
        Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman
        Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
        Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman
        Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick                         (resigned with effect from September 15, 2017)




                                                           i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
22   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
          I.    Composition of the Board (Continued)
                Biographical information of the Directors and the relationship among the members of the Board are set out in
                the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 49 to 56 of this
                annual report. Each Director has been appointed on the strength of his calibre, experience and stature, and
                his potential to contribute to the proper guidance of the Group and its businesses.

                The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of his
                independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the Company considers that all the independent
                non-executive Directors are independent.

          II.   Operation of the Board
                The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes decisions objectively in the interests of the
                Company. The management of the Group (the “Senior Management”) has closely monitored changes to
                regulations that affect its corporate affairs and businesses, and changes to accounting standards, and
                adopted appropriate reporting format in its interim report, annual report and other related documents to
                present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
                prospects. Where these changes are pertinent to the Company or Directors’ disclosure obligations, the
                Directors are either briefed during Board meetings or issued with regular updates and materials to keep them
                abreast of their responsibilities and of the conduct, business activities and development of the Group. The
                Company has also provided accurate, clear, complete and reliable information in a timely manner to the
                Directors to enable them to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities as
                the Directors.

                There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Board and the Senior Management. Decisions on
                important matters are specifically reserved to the Board while decisions on the Group’s general operations are
                delegated to the Senior Management. Important matters include those affecting the Group’s strategic policies,
                major investment and funding decisions and major commitments relating to the Group’s operations.

                If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has
                determined to be material, the matter should be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written
                resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates (as defined under the
                Listing Rules), have no material interest in the transaction should be present at that Board meeting.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                  23

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance
       The Board has a balance of skills and experience and a balanced composition of executive and non-executive
       Directors with diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business. Twelve
       Board meetings and two general meetings of the Company were held during the financial year ended December
       31, 2017. Notice of not less than 14 days was given to all the Directors for the regular Board meetings and the
       Directors were given an opportunity to include matters in the agenda for the regular Board meetings. The
       composition of the Board and attendance records of the Directors are set out below:

                                                                                    Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                          Annual               Extraordinary
       Directors                                                     Board Meetings              General Meeting             General Meeting


       Non-executive Directors
       Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Note 1)                                             1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry (Note 2)                                            0/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian (Note 3)                                           1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick (Note 3)                                            1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard (Note 3)                                               1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul (Note 6)                                          10/11                           1/1                         1/1

       Executive Directors
       Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU (Note 4)                                              1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William (Note 9)                                           12/12                           1/1                         1/1
       Mr. NG Tin Hoi Stephen (Note 7)                                             11/11                           1/1                         1/1

       Independent non-executive Directors
       Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Note 5)                                            1/1                           –/–                         –/–
       Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                     11/12                           1/1                         1/1
       Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                     12/12                           1/1                         1/1
       Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                  12/12                           1/1                         1/1
       Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick (Note 8)                                            11/11                           1/1                         1/1

       Notes:

       (1)      Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was appointed as the Chairman and a non-executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (2)      Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry was appointed as the Vice-chairman and a non-executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (3)      Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard were appointed as non-executive Directors
                with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (4)      Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu was appointed as an executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (5)      Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (6)      Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (7)      Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen resigned as an executive Director, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer with effect from September 15,
                2017.

       (8)      Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from September 15, 2017.

       (9)      Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William resigned as an executive Director and the Chief Strategy and Administration Officer with effect from March 1,
                2018.



                                                                         i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                     2017 Annual Report
24   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
          III. Number of Board/general meetings and Directors’ attendance (Continued)
                The external auditor attended the annual general meeting of the Company on April 26, 2017 to answer
                questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s report, the
                accounting policies and auditor independence and the Chairman also held a meeting with the independent
                non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive Directors during the year.

                The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance with the
                Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”) and the Listing Rules. The non-executive Directors are
                subject to the aforesaid retirement requirements and are appointed for a specific term, subject to re-election.
                The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company. Any
                Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of the
                Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

                Each of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, Mr. Tsang On
                Yip, Patrick and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard, who were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect from
                September 15, 2017, Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu who was appointed as an executive Director with effect from
                September 15, 2017 and Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey who was appointed as an independent non-executive
                Director with effect from September 15, 2017, signed an appointment letter with the Company for an initial
                term of three years and renewable automatically for successive terms of three years upon expiry of the then
                current term of appointment, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of his appointment letter. They
                are also subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles and the Listing Rules.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                  25

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   IV. Director’s Induction and Continuous Professional Development
       Newly appointed Directors are provided with induction training. Each of them shall receive the information on
       the duties and responsibilities of directors under statutory regulations and the Listing Rules, and other
       information on corporate governance matters. The newly appointed Directors shall meet the fellow Directors
       and the Senior Management to ensure they have an understanding on the Group’s operations and business.
       They shall also receive materials relating to on the operations and business of the Group.

       The Company has arranged for Directors to attend training sessions and forums which place emphasis on the
       roles, functions and duties of a listed company director, as well as the development of regulatory updates and
       issues. The Company also provided the Directors the latest development of the Listing Rules, and the relevant
       laws, rules and regulations relating to the Director’s duties and responsibilities. All Directors have provided
       their training records to the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 and the training records
       are maintained by the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”).

       According to the records of training maintained by the Company, all the current Directors have, during the
       financial year under review, pursued continuous professional development and relevant details are set out
       below:

                                                                            Type of continuous professional
                                                                                     development
                                                                       Reading journals,        Attending seminars
                                                                     updates and articles       and/or conferences
       Directors                                                    and/or materials, etc.           and/or forums


       Non-executive Directors
       Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                                                           √                         –
       Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                                                          √                         –
       Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian                                                         √                         –
       Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                                                          √                         –
       Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                                                             √                         –
       Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul                                                          √                         √

       Executive Directors
       Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                                                            √                         –
       Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William                                                           √                         √
       Mr. NG Tin Hoi Stephen                                                             √                         √

       Independent non-executive Directors
       Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                                                          √                         –
       Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman                                                            √                         –
       Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                            √                         √
       Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman                                                         √                         √
       Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick                                                            √                         √




                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
26   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (D) CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
          Code Provision A.2.1. of the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules stipulates that the roles of
          chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

          Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer until his resignation with effect from
          September 15, 2017. The relevant arrangement was deemed appropriate as it was considered to be more efficient
          to have one single person to be the Chairman as well as to discharge the executive functions of a chief executive.

          Immediately after Mr. Ng’s resignation, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was appointed as the Chairman with effect from
          September 15, 2017 and the Company does not have any chief executive officer since then. The Board believes
          that the balance of power and authority is adequately ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises
          experienced and high-calibre individuals.

     (E) APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
          Under the Articles and the Listing Rules, all Directors are subject to retirement at an annual general meeting of the
          Company at least once every three years and are subject to re-election. The Board may from time to time appoint a
          Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any such new Director shall hold office until
          the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at the same general
          meeting.

          The re-election of each of the independent non-executive Directors who has served on the Board for more than nine
          years is subject to (i) a separate resolution to be approved by Shareholders at the relevant annual general meeting
          of the Company; and (ii) further information being given to the Shareholders together with the notice of meeting
          regarding the reasons why the Board believes the relevant Director is still independent and should be re-elected.

          Appropriate liability insurance for the Directors has been arranged for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of
          corporate activities.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                            27

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES
   (I)   Audit Committee
         The Company has set up an audit committee (the “AC”) with majority of the members being independent non-
         executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the AC comprises Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an
         independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the AC), Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (a non-executive
         Director) and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman (an independent non-executive Director).

         No member of the AC is a former partner of the existing audit firm of the Company during the one year after
         he ceases to be a partner of the audit firm. All AC members have sufficient experience in reviewing audited
         financial statements as aided by the auditor of the Group whenever required. In addition, at least one of the
         member of the AC has the appropriate professional qualifications or experience in financial matters as required
         under the Listing Rules.

         Three AC meetings were held during the financial year ended December 31, 2017. Attendance records of the
         AC members are set out below:

                                                                                                                                 Attendance/
                                                                                                                                  Number of
         Committee Members                                                                                                          Meetings


         Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger (Chairman)                                                                                                  3/3
         Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard (Note 1)                                                                                                     1/1
         Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman (Note 1)                                                                                                 1/1
         Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul (Note 2)                                                                                                  2/2
         Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick (Note 2)                                                                                                    2/2

         Notes:


         (1)      Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman were appointed as the members of the AC with effect from September
                  15, 2017.


         (2)      Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul and Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick resigned as the members of the AC with effect from September 15, 2017.




                                                                        i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                  2017 Annual Report
28   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
          (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
                (i)   The terms of reference of the AC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                      Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code and the recommendations set out in
                      “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                      Accountants. Given below are the main duties of the AC:

                      (A)   Relationship with the Company’s external auditor
                            (a)   to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
                                  reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and
                                  terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of their resignation or
                                  dismissal;

                            (b)   to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the
                                  effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The AC should
                                  discuss with the auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
                                  the audit commences; and

                            (c)   to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
                                  services. For this purpose, “external auditor” includes any entity that is under common
                                  control, ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a reasonable and
                                  informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part
                                  of the audit firm nationally or internationally. The AC should report to the Board, identifying
                                  and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed.

                      (B)   Review of financial information of the Company
                            (a)  to monitor integrity of financial statements of the Company and the Company’s annual
                                 report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and
                                 to review significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. In reviewing these
                                 reports before submission to the Board, the AC should focus particularly on:

                                  (i)     any changes in accounting policies and practices;

                                  (ii)    major judgmental areas;

                                  (iii)   significant adjustments resulting from audit;

                                  (iv)    the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

                                  (v)     compliance with accounting standards; and

                                  (vi)    compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial
                                          reporting.

                            (b)   regarding (B)(a) above:

                                  (i)     the AC should liaise with the Board and Senior Management and must meet, at least
                                          twice a year, with the Company’s external auditor; and

                                  (ii)    the AC should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                                          reflected in the report and accounts, it should give due consideration to any matters
                                          that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and
                                          financial reporting function, or for compliance function or auditors.



     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                      29

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (i)   (Continued)
               (C) Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                     control systems
                     (a)   to review the Company’s risk management and internal control systems covering all
                           controls; including financial, operational and compliance controls;

                    (b)   to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure
                          that management has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should
                          include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
                          and budgets of the Company’s accounting, and financial reporting functions;

                    (c)   to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as
                          delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these
                          findings and review the statements concerning risk management and internal control
                          systems to be included in the annual report;

                    (d)   to ensure co-ordination between the internal audit function and external auditor, to review
                          and approve the annual internal audit plan, to ensure that the internal audit function is
                          adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company for it to carry out
                          an analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s
                          financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems, and to review and
                          monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function;

                    (e)   to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

                    (f)   to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor
                          to management about accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
                          management’s response;

                    (g)   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external
                          auditor’s management letter;

                    (h)   to report to the Board on the matters in the code provisions as set out in the Listing Rules;

                    (i)   to establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by
                          the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; and (ii)
                          the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns
                          regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;

                    (j)   to review arrangements employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise
                          concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters.
                          The AC should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                          investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
30   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
          (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
                (i)     (Continued)
                        (C) Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                              control systems (Continued)
                              (k)   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relations with the
                                    external auditor; and

                              (l)   to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

                        (D)   Review and reassessment of these terms of reference
                              At least annually, the AC shall review and reassess the adequacy of these terms of reference and
                              recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval.

                        (E)   Oversight of the Company’s Corporate Governance Matters
                              (a)  to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
                                   make recommendations to the Board;

                              (b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors
                                    and Senior Management;

                              (c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
                                    regulatory requirements;

                              (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
                                    applicable to employees and the Directors;

                              (e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate
                                    Governance Report as set out in the annual report of the Company; and

                              (f)   to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

                (ii)    The Group has adopted and established a Whistleblowing Policy & Procedures. The Company’s AC has
                        the delegated authority and responsibility, for employees and those who deal with the Group (e.g.
                        customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence, with the Head of Human Resources
                        Department, and any and all relevant complaints received may then be referred to the AC about possible
                        improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

                (iii)   The work performed by the AC for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 is summarised below:

                        (a)   review of the annual audit plan of the external auditor before the audit commences, and discussion
                              with them about the nature and scope of the audit;

                        (b)   approval of the remuneration and the appointment and the terms of engagement of the external
                              auditor;

                        (c)   review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of audit
                              process in accordance with applicable standards;



     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                          31

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (iii)    (Continued)
                  (d) review of the half-year and annual consolidated financial statements of the Group before
                        submission to the Board, with particular consideration of the points mentioned in paragraph (i)(B)
                        above regarding the duties of the AC;

                  (e)    review of the internal audit report and annual audit plan of the internal audit function carried out by
                         an independent professionals;

                  (f)    review of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and the statements
                         concerning risk management and internal control systems to be included in the annual report;

                  (g)    meeting with the external auditor without executive Directors present;

                  (h)    review of the corporate governance matters of the Group;

                  (i)    review of the terms of reference of the AC; and

                  (j)    review of and monitoring of the Group’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

   (II) Compensation Committee
         The Company has set up a Compensation Committee (the “CC”) consisting of five members of which three of
         them are the independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the CC comprises Mr.
         Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an independent non-executive Director and the Chairman of the CC), Tan Sri Dato’
         David Chiu (a non-executive Director), Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (a non-executive Director), Mr. Hu Shao Ming
         Herman (an independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-
         executive Director).

         One CC meeting was held during the financial year ended December 31, 2017. Attendance records of the CC
         members are set out below:

                                                                                                                                 Attendance/
                                                                                                                                  Number of
         Committee Members                                                                                                           Meeting


         Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Chairman) (Note 1)                                                                                    1/1
         Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Note 2)                                                                                                1/1
         Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick (Note 2)                                                                                               1/1
         Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman (Note 2)                                                                                                 1/1
         Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger                                                                                                          1/1
         Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick (Note 3)                                                                                                 –/–

         Notes:

         (1)      Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey was appointed as the chairman and a member of the CC with effect from September 15, 2017.

         (2)      Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick and Mr. Hu Shao Ming Herman were appointed as the members of the CC with
                  effect from September 15, 2017.

         (3)      Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick resigned as the chairman and a member of the CC with effect from September 15, 2017.




                                                                        i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                 2017 Annual Report
32   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
          (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
                (i)   The terms of reference of the CC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                      Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of
                      the CC:

                      (a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remuneration
                            of all Directors and Senior Management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
                            procedure for developing remuneration policy;

                      (b)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals by reference to the Board’s
                            corporate goals and objectives;

                      (c)   either:

                            (i)     to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
                                    executive Directors and Senior Management; or

                            (ii)    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
                                    executive Directors and Senior Management.

                            This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
                            compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

                      (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

                      (e)   to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
                            employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

                      (f)   to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and Senior Management for
                            any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual
                            terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

                      (g)   to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors
                            for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
                            reasonable and appropriate;

                      (h)   to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration;

                      (i)   to advise the Shareholders on how to vote with respect to any service contracts of Directors that
                            require the Shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules;

                      (j)   to decide with respect to the Employee Share Option Scheme (if any):

                            (i)     the Employees to whom Options shall be granted;

                            (ii)    the number of Shares subject to each Option;

                            (iii)   the date on which Options shall be granted; and

                            (iv)    the Subscription Price; and

                      (k)   to review any compensation related or other issues as requested by the Board.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                  33

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
       (ii)   The work performed by the CC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
              year ended December 31, 2017 is summarised below:

              (a)   review of the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and the Senior
                    Management;

              (b)   assessing performance of executive Directors and the consideration and approval of the
                    emoluments for all Directors and the Senior Management; and

              (c)   review of the terms of reference of CC.

       The basis of determining the emoluments payable to its Directors and the Senior Management is with
       reference to the qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the Company, as well as the
       Group’s performance and the prevailing market conditions.

   (III) Nomination Committee
       The Company has set up a Nomination Committee (the “NC”) with the majority of its members being the
       independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this annual report, the NC comprises Tan Sri Dato’
       David Chiu (a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the NC), Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (an independent
       non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an independent non-executive Director).

       The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”). Under the Board Diversity
       Policy, the Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board with a vision for the
       Company to achieving a sustainable and balanced development. Appointments of Directors are made on
       merits while having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board.

       At present, more than one-third of the Directors on the Board are the independent non-executive Directors.
       They represent diverse career experience in both international and local enterprises. They bring with them
       diverse professional backgrounds, spanning property development and investment, banking, legal, valuation
       and advisory, hospitality and entrepreneurship. They also hold or have held important public service positions
       in Hong Kong and China, covering business, industry and commerce, sports, education, regulatory and
       politics.

       The Board composition reflects various cultural and educational backgrounds, professional development,
       length of service, knowledge of the Company and a broad range of individual attributes, interests and values.
       The NC considers the current Board composition has provided the Company with a good balance and
       diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of its business. The NC will continue to
       review its composition from time to time taking into consideration specific needs for the Group’s business.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
34   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
          (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                (i)    The terms of reference of the NC, which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
                       Company, are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the main duties of
                       the NC:

                       (a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
                             the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
                             to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

                       (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make
                             recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

                       (c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

                       (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
                             succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the chief executive.

                (ii)   The work performed by the NC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
                       year ended December 31, 2017 is summarised below:

                       (a)   review of the Board Diversity Policy;

                       (b)   review of the terms of reference of NC;

                       (c)   review of the structure, size and composition of the Board taking into account the Board Diversity
                             Policy and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board;

                       (d)   assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

                       (e)   make recommendations to the Board for the proposed appointment and re-appointment of
                             Directors.

                During the financial year ended December 31, 2017, no physical meeting of the NC was held and nomination
                matters, if any, requiring NC’s approval and/or recommendation were arranged by means of circulation of
                written resolutions.

          (IV) Corporate Governance Functions
                While the Board is and remains to be principally responsible for the corporate governance functions of the
                Company, it has delegated the relevant duties to the AC to ensure the proper performance of corporate
                governance functions of the Company. In this connection, the terms of reference of the AC include various
                duties relating to corporate governance matters which are set out in paragraph “(E) Oversight of the
                Company’s Corporate Governance Matters” on page 30 under sub-section “(I) Audit Committee” of section
                “(F) BOARD COMMITTEES” above.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                       35

(G) AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
   The fees in relation to the audit services for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 provided by KPMG, the
   external auditor of the Company, amounted to approximately HK$2,410,000 and the remuneration in relation to
   non-audit services paid or payable to KPMG amounted to approximately HK$482,000.

(H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
   (I)   Risk Governance
         The risk management and internal control systems (“RM&IC Systems”) of the Group comprises a well-defined
         governance structure, with areas of responsibility and limits of authority of each business and operational unit
         clearly delineated to ensure effective checks and balances. Internal control policies, procedures and guidelines
         have been compiled to safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition, maintenance of proper
         records, assurance of the reliability of financial information for internal use or publication and compliance with
         relevant legislation and regulations.

         The Board acknowledges its ultimate responsibility for oversees internal control systems as well as evaluating
         and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives and for
         maintaining the RM&IC Systems as well as monitoring their effectiveness. Management is tasked with the
         design, implementation and monitoring of the systems. The AC has been delegated by the Board to oversee
         the systems and is supported by independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, which
         provides assessment and assurance on risk and internal control oversight.

         The internal audit function monitors compliance with policies and standards and carries out an analysis and
         independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems across the Group. Findings
         regarding risk management and internal control matters are reported to the AC, in line with the annual audit
         plan reviewed by AC, and communicated to the business or corporate units concerned.

         Notwithstanding the above, the RM&IC Systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
         failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
         material misstatement or loss.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
36   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (Continued)
          (II) Risk Management Processes and Practices
                Management maintains a risk register to identify major risks, which are then categorised into business risks,
                financial risks, compliance risks and operational and other risks. The risks identified are evaluated in terms of
                individual likelihood of occurrence, severity of consequence, priority and the existence of early warning signal.
                Based on the results of the assessment, management will determine the appropriate risk response:
                acceptance, transfer, elimination, reduction or sharing, and formulate corresponding control activities and
                mitigation measures. The risk profile will be reviewed and the risk register will be updated on an ongoing basis
                to incorporate any change in the nature and extent of significant risks. Internal control deficiencies, if any, are
                communicated to the responsible parties for taking corrective action.

                The AC, through independent professionals to perform the internal audit function, conducts annual review of
                the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems and procedures, on a rotation of different cycles basis, covering all
                controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, by way of the above risk identification and
                assessment exercise. Confirmation from management, in the form of certification that risk management and
                internal control procedures are functioning effectively to meet the respective financial reporting, operational
                and compliance needs, is obtained from business and corporate unit heads.

                To ensure timely, fair, accurate and complete disclosure of inside information and for compliance with the
                applicable laws and regulations, the Group has in place, as an internal control element, a disclosure policy of
                price sensitive information providing guidance on reporting and dissemination of inside information and
                preservation of confidentiality. Under the policy, Directors or heads of business units shall report to the
                Chairman/the Chief Financial Officer any potential/suspected inside information event as soon as practicable
                when it materialises for determining the nature of developments, and if required, making disclosure. All staff
                are also required to observe the code of ethical standards to keep non-public information confidential.

          (III) Periodical Reviews
                During the year ended December 31, 2017, the AC through the independent professionals to perform the
                internal audit function, has on behalf of the Board, conducted review of the RM&IC Systems, including the
                adequacy of, inter alia, resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
                Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. Written management confirmation on
                the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems has been received.

                The results of the review were reported by the AC to the Board, based on which the Directors concluded that,
                for the financial year ended December 31, 2017, the RM&IC Systems and procedures of the Group were
                effective and adequate and the Group has complied with the provisions in the CG Code regarding risk
                management and internal control systems.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                        37

(I)   DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group
      for the financial year ended December 31, 2017, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
      as a whole as at the end of the financial year and of the Group’s financial performance and cash flows for the year
      then ended and in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
      Hong Kong) (the “CO”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules.

      The reporting responsibilities of the auditor of the Company in the Independent Auditor’s Report are set out on
      pages 57 to 64 of this annual report.

(J) COMPANY SECRETARY
      The Company Secretary, Mr. Kwok Chi Kin, is an employee of the Group and has day-to-day knowledge of the
      Company’s affairs. He reports to the Chairman and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance
      matters and facilitating induction and professional development of the Directors. He also supports the Board by
      ensuring good information flow and that the policies and procedures adopted by the Board are followed. During the
      financial year ended December 31, 2017, he had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. The
      biographical details of Mr. Kwok are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
      Management” section of this annual report.

(K) COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
      A Shareholders Communication Policy has been adopted by the Company to ensure that the Shareholders are
      provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company
      (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile),
      in order to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the Shareholders
      and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

      The Group uses several formal channels to ensure fair disclosure and comprehensive and transparent reporting of
      its performance and activities. Annual and interim reports are published/printed and printed copies of such reports
      or notifications of publication thereof on the Company’s website are sent to all Shareholders. Such reports and
      press releases are posted and are available for download at the Company’s corporate website
      www.i-cablecomm.com. In addition, the Company makes full use of the internet to make information broadly
      available to the Shareholders. The Company’s website provides the relevant contact information by which enquiries
      may be put to the Board. Constantly being updated in a timely manner, the website also contains a wide range of
      additional information on the Group’s business activities.

      The Company encourages its Shareholders to attend the annual general meetings of the Company to ensure a high
      level of accountability and to stay informed of the Group’s strategy and goals. The Directors and the external auditor
      are also available to answer the Shareholders’ questions at the meetings.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
38   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

     (L) SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
          (I)   Convene a General Meeting
                Pursuant to Section 566 of the CO, on written requisition by the Shareholders representing at least 5% of the
                total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings, the Directors must convene a
                general meeting.

          (II) Send Enquiries to the Board
                The Company’s corporate website (www.i-cablecomm.com) provides the relevant contact information (for
                enquiry purpose only) by which Shareholders may at any time address their enquiries to the Board.

          (III) Make Proposals at General Meetings
                (i)    The procedures for proposing candidate(s) for election as Director(s) at a Shareholders’ meeting are set
                       out in the Corporate Information section of the Company’s corporate website.

                (ii)   The procedures for proposing resolution(s) to be moved at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) are
                       as follows:

                       Pursuant to Section 615 of the CO, the Shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition to move a
                       resolution at the Company’s annual general meeting(s) if they represent:

                       •     at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote at the annual
                             general meeting to which the requests relate; or

                       •     at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to
                             which the requests relate.

                       The relevant written requisition must:

                       (a)   identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;

                       (b)   be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

                       (c)   be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the relevant annual general meeting to
                             which the requests relate; or if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.

          Any written requisitions from the Shareholders to the Company pursuant to Sections 566 and 615 of the CO must
          be deposited at the Company’s registered office.

     (M) AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
          There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the financial year. The consolidated
          version of the Articles is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                                                      39

The Directors have pleasure in presenting their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2017.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries and consolidated
structured entities are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year is provided in the “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 3 to 4 of this
annual report, “Business Review” on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on
pages 17 to 20 of this annual report. The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are contained in “Business
Review” on page 6 of this annual report and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. The future development of
the business of the Group is provided in the “Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets” and “Outlook”
sections of Management Discussion and Analysis on page 19 of this annual report.

In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations and an account of the Group’s key relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers are contained
under the section “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 8 to 16 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 are set out in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 65 to 66 of this
annual report.

DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 (for the
financial year ended December 31, 2016: HK$Nil).

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the financial year ended December 31, 2017:

The aggregate amount of revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers represented less than 30% of the
Group’s total revenue.

The percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 22% and 45% respectively of the Group’s total purchases for the year.

None of the Directors or their close associates holds, nor does any Shareholder owning (to the knowledge of the
Directors) more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company hold, any interests in any of the Group’s five
largest suppliers or customers.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
40   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     DONATIONS
     The Group made donations during the financial year ended December 31, 2017 amounting to approximately HK$3,000
     (2016: HK$59,190).

     FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 124 of this
     annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 10 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     BANK LOAN AND OTHER BORROWING
     Details of the bank loan and other borrowing of the Group as at December 31, 2017 are set out in Note 21 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     During the year, the Company has issued shares as follows:

     In September 2017, the Company completed an open offer of 3,352,520,666 ordinary shares of the Company for net
     proceeds of approximately HK$687 million for investments in capital expenditure and as funding required for operating
     requirements of the Group; and completed the conversion of the loan capitalisation amount of HK$300 million to
     841,987,090 ordinary shares of the Company in accordance with the loan capitalisation agreement among the Company,
     a subsidiary of the Company and Wharf Finance Limited.

     Details of the shares of the Company issued and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are
     set out in Note 25(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     At December 31, 2017, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
     Shareholders, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the CO, was HK$Nil (2016: HK$Nil).




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                           41

DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Non-executive Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU                     (appointed as non-executive Director and Chairman with effect from
                                                September 15, 2017)
Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry                    (appointed as non-executive Director and Vice-chairman with effect from
                                                September 15, 2017)
Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian                   (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick                    (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard                       (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul                    (resigned with effect from September 15, 2017)

Executive Directors
Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU                      (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William                     (resigned as executive Director and Chief Strategy and Administration Officer
                                                with effect from March 1, 2018)
Mr. NG Tin Hoi Stephen                       (resigned as executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                with effect from September 15, 2017)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey                    (appointed with effect from September 15, 2017)
Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman
Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger
Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman
Mr. WU Yung Wei Patrick                      (resigned with effect from September 15, 2017)

In accordance with article 97 of the Articles, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong,
Adrian, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard, Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey, all
being the newly appointed Directors, shall hold office until the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (the
“AGM”) to be held on Thursday, May 24, 2018. All the newly appointed Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-
election at the forthcoming AGM. In accordance with article 106(A) of the Articles, Mr. Hu Shao Ming Herman will retire
from the Board by rotation and being eligible offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming AGM. None of the retiring
Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which is not
determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen, Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul, and Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick resigned from directorship as a result
of the change in controlling Shareholder following the completion of the open offer on September 15, 2017. Mr. Kwan Jut
Ho, William resigned from the office as executive Director and the Chief Strategy and Administration Officer in order to
devote more time to his personal development and business commitment with effect from March 1, 2018. Each of the
resigning Directors has confirmed that (a) he has no disagreement with the Board and (b) there is no matter relating to his
resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders.

Biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management” on pages 49 to 56 of this annual report.




                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
42   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     The names of all persons who, during the financial year and up to the date of this report, serve as directors of the
     companies included as subsidiaries of the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 are set out below:

     Andrea Limited
     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU
     Ms. CHAN Doi Lei Dorothy
     Mr. CHAN King Chuen Lourice
     Mr. CHAN Wai Man
     Mr. CHENG Sai Ho
     Mr. CHIU Ying Chun Ronald
     Mr. FU Wai Hung
     Mr. HUI Chung Ying Kevin
     Mr. KWAN Jut Ho, William
     Mr. KWOK Chi Kin
     Ms. LEUNG Shuk Yee Irene
     Ms. NG Ching Man, Carman
     Mr. NG Tin Hoi Stephen
     Ms. OON Hock Neo
     Mr. TSANG Chin Cheung Samuel
     Mr. TSUI Yiu Cheung, Paul
     Ms. WONG Pui Chee Gigi
     Mr. YU Ka Kai
     Ms. YUNG Pik Yan

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Company received from each of Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey, Mr. Hu Shao Ming Herman, Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger
     and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman a confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the
     Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                           43

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
At December 31, 2017, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in
the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)), which were
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV
of the SFO, including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or
which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors adopted by the Company, to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
Save as disclosed below, as at December 31, 2017, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executives of the
Company, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

Long positions in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”)

                                                                                 Number of Shares
                                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                       Interest of                                            percentage of
                                                Beneficial            Spouse         a controlled               Other                         the number of
Name of Shareholder                                owner              Interest       corporation              interest              Total     issued Shares


Forever Top (Asia) Limited                 2,682,362,480                     –                   –                  –     2,682,362,480             43.22%
HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited                            –                     –                   –       698,953,533        698,953,533             11.26%
                                                                                                             (Note 1)
Ng Hung Sang                                 106,504,000          54,870,000         212,942,000                    –       374,316,000              6.03%
                                                                     (Note 2)            (Note 3)
Ng Lai King Pamela                             54,870,000        319,446,000                    –                    –      374,316,000              6.03%
                                                                     (Note 4)

Notes:


1.       HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 698,953,533 Shares by virtue of being the trustee of a discretionary trust.


2.       Ng Hung Sang, the spouse of Ng Lai King Pamela, was deemed to be interested in 54,870,000 Shares which Ng Lai King Pamela is interested in
         under the SFO.


3.       Ng Hung Sang was deemed to be interested in 212,942,000 Shares which his controlled corporations are interested in under the SFO. South China
         Finance and Management Limited held 212,942,000 Shares. South China Financial Holdings Limited held 100% control in South China Finance and
         Management Limited. Ng Hung Sang, through his 100% controlled corporations, held 25.66% control in South China Financial Holdings Limited.


4.       Ng Lai King Pamela, the spouse of Ng Hung Sang, was deemed to be interested in 319,446,000 Shares which Ng Hung Sang is interested in under
         the SFO.




                                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                    2017 Annual Report
44   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS
     No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company or
     any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or any entities connected with a Director had a material interest,
     whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the financial year or at any time during the financial year.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
     There was in existence during the year ended December 31, 2017 a management services agreement dated November 1,
     1999 being signed between the Company and Wharf Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Wharf (Holdings) Limited
     (“Wharf”)), as revised by supplemental agreements, whereby Wharf Limited agreed to provide or procure the provision of
     services including corporate secretarial services, treasury services, provision of management personnel and other general
     corporate services to the Group for a term expiring on December 31, 2017. Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen and Mr. Tsui Yiu
     Cheung, Paul are directors of Wharf and/or Wharf Limited and are accordingly regarded as interested in the said
     agreements. However, Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen and Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul resigned as Directors with effect from
     September 15, 2017.

     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and the material related party transactions
     disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements, there were no other contracts of significance between the
     Company, or any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling Shareholder or any its subsidiaries subsisting at the end of the year
     or at any time during the year.

     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the financial year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or any subsidiary of
     such holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means
     of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, with the exception that during the
     year, there existed certain outstanding options to subscribe for ordinary shares of Wharf, the Company’s former
     intermediate holding company (ceased to be the Company’s intermediate holding company during the year), and of
     Wheelock and Company Limited (“Wheelock”), the Company’s former ultimate holding company (ceased to be the
     Company’s ultimate holding company during the year), granted under Wharf’s share option scheme and Wheelock’s
     share option scheme respectively to certain employees/directors in Wharf group and in Wheelock group respectively,
     some of whom were Directors during the financial year.

     Under the respective rules of the two schemes (such rules being subject to the relevant laws and regulatory provisions
     applicable from time to time), shares of Wharf and/or Wheelock would be issued at such prices as being not less than the
     highest of (i) the indicative price as specified in the written offer; (ii) the closing price on the Stock Exchange on the date of
     grant of the options; and (iii) the average closing price on the Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately
     preceding the date of grant; and the relevant options would be exercisable during such periods, not being beyond the
     expiration of 10 years from the date of grant of relevant options, as determined by the board of directors of Wharf and/or
     Wheelock respectively.

     During the period from January 1, 2017 to September 14, 2017 (Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen and Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul
     resigned as Director with effect from September 15, 2017), 2,000,000 ordinary shares of Wharf were allotted and issued
     to Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen on his exercises of options under the abovementioned share option scheme. 300,000 ordinary
     shares of Wharf and 1,500,000 ordinary shares of Wheelock were allotted and issued to Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul on his
     exercises of options under the abovementioned share option schemes respectively.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                             45

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors (other than Independent Non-executive Directors)
are considered to have interests in the businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly with
the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the financial year or subsisted at the end of the
financial year.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Articles, every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs,
charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution and/or discharge of his
duties and/or the exercise of his powers and/or otherwise in relation to or in connection with his duties, powers or office,
to the extent as permitted by laws.

The Company has maintained director’s liability insurance throughout the year, which provides appropriate cover for the
Directors and the directors of the subsidiaries of the Company for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of corporate
activities.

RETIREMENT SCHEME AND MANDATORY PROVIDENT FUND
The principal retirement scheme operated by the Group is a defined contribution retirement scheme for its employees,
established under a trust deed.

The scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers. The employees and employers contribute
respectively to the scheme sums which represent percentages of the employees’ salaries as defined under the trust deed.
Forfeited contributions may be utilised by the employers to reduce contributions.

The Group’s principal retirement scheme is closed to new employees joining after October 1, 2000 while existing
members of the scheme can continue to accrue future benefits.

Employees joining after October 1, 2000 will participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund, which is not operated by the
Group, with terms as stipulated by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. The Group will also provide
voluntary top-up benefits to employees receiving a monthly basic salary exceeding the statutory limits prescribed by the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.

For the retirement scheme operated by the Group, retirement scheme costs before capitalisation during the financial year
ended December 31, 2017 amounted to approximately HK$19,153,000 (2016: HK$19,894,000) which were incurred
after utilisation of forfeitures to reduce the Group’s contributions of approximately HK$109,000 (2016: HK$231,000).




                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
46   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     The Group had the following connected transactions during the financial year ended December 31, 2017.

     Master Tenancy Agreement
     The master tenancy agreement (the “Master Tenancy Agreement”) dated December 14, 2012, as supplemented by three
     supplemental agreements signed thereafter between the Company and Wharf regulating the tenancy and licence
     agreements entered into between the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Wharf and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates (the
     “Wharf Group”). According to the third supplemental agreement, the term has been further extended for one-year period
     commencing on January 1, 2017 and expiring at the end of December 31, 2017.

     Wharf is an associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore Wharf is a connected person of the Company under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The aggregate annual value paid and payable by the Group to Wharf Group for the transactions contemplated under the
     Master Tenancy Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$41.8 million, which did not
     exceed the annual cap of HK$70.0 million. Details of Master Tenancy Agreement have been set out in the announcement
     of the Company dated December 19, 2014.

     Master Services Agreement
     The master services agreement (the “Master Services Agreement”) dated December 14, 2012, as supplemented by a
     supplemental agreement signed thereafter between the Company and Wharf regulating, among other things, various
     services provided by the Group to Wharf Group. According to the supplemental agreement, the term has been further
     extended for two-year period commencing on January 1, 2016 and expiring at the end of December 31, 2017.

     Wharf is an associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore Wharf is a connected person of the Company under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The aggregate annual value received or receivable by the Group from Wharf Group for the transactions contemplated
     under the Master Services Agreement for the financial year ended December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$0.2 million,
     which did not exceed the annual cap of HK$40.0 million. Details of Master Services Agreement have been set out in the
     announcement of the Company dated December 19, 2014.

     Management Service Agreement
     The management service agreement (the “Management Service Agreement”) dated November 1, 1999, as supplemented
     by five supplemental agreements signed thereafter between the Company and Wharf Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary
     of Wharf, to provide the Group with certain management services, including corporate secretarial services, treasury
     services, provision of management personnel and other general corporate services. According to the fifth supplemental
     agreement, the term has been further extended for two-year period commencing on January 1, 2016 and expiring at the
     end of December 31, 2017.

     Wharf Limited is an associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore Wharf Limited is a connected person of the
     Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The aggregate annual value paid and payable by the Company to Wharf Limited for the transactions contemplated under
     the Management Service Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2017 was approximately HK$6.0 million, which did
     not exceed the annual cap of HK$15.0 million. Details of Management Service Agreement have been set out in the
     announcement of the Company dated December 19, 2014.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                           47

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Tenancy Agreement and Licence Agreements
Three legally-binding memoranda of understanding (the “MOUs”) dated April 14, 2017 were entered between Cable
Network Communications Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and New Tech Centre Limited (“New
Tech”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wharf, pursuant to which certain properties were leased/licensed to Cable Network
Communications Limited for a period of three years commencing on January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020 with two
options to renew, each for a three-year term. The MOUs were approved by the independent Shareholders at the
extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on May 29, 2017. Based on the MOUs, a tenancy agreement and
two licence agreements dated September 15, 2017 were entered by the parties during the year ended December 31,
2017. New Tech is an associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore New Tech is a connected person of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the MOUs have been set out in the circular of the Company
dated May 12, 2017.

Facility Term Extension Agreement
In April 2017, a subsidiary of the Company and Wharf Finance Limited entered into a facility term extension agreement (the
“Facility Term Extension Agreement”) and pursuant to which, among other things, the final maturity was revised to
December 31, 2019 with effect from the completion of the Loan Capitalisation, and the principal loan amount under a
revolving loan facility provided by Wharf Finance Limited to a subsidiary of the Company (the “Wharf Facility”) was revised
from HK$400 million to HK$100 million. The Facility Term Extension Agreement was approved by the independent
Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on May 29, 2017. Wharf Finance Limited is an
associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore Wharf Finance Limited is a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the Facility Term Extension Agreement have been set out in the circular of the
Company dated May 12, 2017.

Loan Capitalisation Agreement
In April 2017, the Company, a subsidiary of the Company and Wharf Finance Limited entered into the loan capitalization
agreement (the “Loan Capitalisation Agreement”) and pursuant to which, among other things, the sum of HK$300 million,
being part of the outstanding principal loan owed by a subsidiary of the Company to Wharf Finance Limited under the
Wharf Facility, was capitalised into 841,987,090 Shares in accordance with the Loan Capitalisation Agreement. The Loan
Capitalisation Agreement was approved by the independent Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the
Company held on May 29, 2017 and the Loan Capitalisation completed in September 2017. Wharf Finance Limited is an
associate of a substantial Shareholder and therefore Wharf Finance Limited is a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the Loan Capitalisation Agreement have been set out in the circular of the
Company dated May 12, 2017.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
48   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     Annual Review of Continuing Connected Transactions
     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions as contemplated under
     the Master Tenancy Agreement, the Master Service Agreement and the Management Service Agreement and confirmed
     that the transactions thereunder have been entered into:

     (a)   In the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (b)   on normal commercial terms or better; and

     (c)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such the transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
           and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Board engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the Group’s
     continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
     “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note
     740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor of the Company has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions that the Group’s continuing connected transactions as disclosed above are in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the
     Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

     The related party transactions entered into by the Group during the financial year ended December 31, 2017 are disclosed
     in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements. These transactions include amounts which fall under the definition of
     “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
     Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with
     respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group during the
     financial year ended December 31, 2017.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during
     the financial year ended December 31, 2017.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     At the date of this annual report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge
     of the Directors, the percentage of the Shares which are in the hands of the public exceeds 25.0% of the Company’s total
     number of issued Shares.

     AUDITOR
     The consolidated financial statements of the Group now presented have been audited by KPMG, Certified Public
     Accountants.



     On behalf of the Board




     Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, March 22, 2018



     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                        49

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
    (i)   Directors
          Tan Sri Dato’ David CHIU (Age: 63)
          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, B.Sc., was appointed as the chairman and a non-executive director of the Company
          in September 2017. He is also the chairman and a member of the nomination committee of the Company and
          a member of the compensation committee of the Company.

          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu holds a double degree of Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and
          Economics at the University of Sophia, Japan. He is a prominent businessman with over 30 years’ experience
          in the property development and extensive experience in the hotel development. Since 1978, Tan Sri Dato’
          David Chiu had been the managing director of Far East Consortium Limited, the predecessor of Far East
          Consortium International Limited (“FECIL”), which is mainly engaged in property development and investment,
          hotel operation and management, car park operation as well as property management services, adopting
          geographical diversification and “Chinese Wallet” strategy, with business covering Hong Kong, Mainland
          China, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, the United Kingdom and New Zealand. He was appointed as the
          deputy chairman and chief executive officer of FECIL on December 8, 1994 and October 8, 1997 respectively.
          On September 8, 2011, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu has been appointed as the chairman of FECIL. He was
          formerly a non-executive director (up to the withdrawal of listing) and is currently a director of Dorsett
          Hospitality International Limited (formerly known as Kosmopolito Hotels International Limited, a subsidiary of
          FECIL, which withdrew from listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in October 2015). He was the
          chairman of the board of directors of AGORA Hospitality Group Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo
          Stock Exchange, until March 31, 2015. He is also a director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, a controlling
          shareholder of the Company.

          He was appointed as the member of the 12th and 13th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference
          and the chairman of Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration-People and Forces’ Committee in 2008. Currently, he is
          the vice chairman of All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, a trustee member of The Better Hong
          Kong Foundation, an honorary chairman of Mid-Autumn Festival Celebration-People and Forces’ Committee,
          a director and a member of Concerted Efforts Resource Centre, a counsellor of China-United States
          Exchange Foundation, an honorary chairman of Guangdong Chamber of Foreign Investors, a member of
          Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, a member of the Constitutional Reform Synergy, a member of
          The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a member of Friends of Hong Kong Association
          Limited, a member of Pacific Basin Economic Council and a director of three Ju Ching Chu Schools in Hong
          Kong. In Malaysia, Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu was awarded an honorary award which carried the title “Dato”
          and a more senior honorary title of “Tan Sri” by His Majesty, King of Malaysia in 1997 and 2005 respectively.
          He was also awarded the WCEF Lifetime Achievement Awards by Asian Strategy & Leadership Institute in
          2013.

          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu is the father of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company,
          and the brother of the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director
          of the Company.




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
50   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
          (i)   Directors (Continued)
                Dr. CHENG Kar-Shun, Henry GBM, GBS (Age: 71)
                Dr. Cheng was appointed as the vice-chairman and a non-executive director of the Company in September
                2017. Dr. Cheng is the chairman and executive director of New World Development Company Limited, NWS
                Holdings Limited and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, the chairman and non-executive director of
                New World Department Store China Limited, Newton Resources Ltd and FSE Engineering Holdings Limited,
                an independent non-executive director of HKR International Limited and Hang Seng Bank Limited, and a non-
                executive director of SJM Holdings Limited, all of them are listed public companies in Hong Kong. He was the
                chairman and managing director of New World China Land Limited, a listed public company in Hong Kong
                until its delisting on August 4, 2016. He was the chairman and executive director of International Entertainment
                Corporation, a listed public company in Hong Kong, up to his resignation on June 10, 2017, and a non-
                executive director of Lifestyle International Holdings Limited, a listed public company in Hong Kong, up to his
                retirement on May 4, 2015. He is a director of Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings) Limited, Cheng Yu Tung
                Family (Holdings II) Limited, Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited, Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow Tai
                Fook Enterprises Limited. Dr. Cheng is also a director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, a controlling shareholder
                of the Company.

                Dr. Cheng is the chairman of the Advisory Council of The Better Hong Kong Foundation and a Standing
                Committee Member of the Twelfth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of The People’s
                Republic of China. Dr. Cheng was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and the Grand Bauhinia Medal in 2001
                and 2017 respectively by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                Dr. Cheng is the father of Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, a non-executive director of the Company, and the
                uncle of the spouse of Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, a non-executive director of the Company.

                Dr. CHENG Chi-Kong, Adrian JP (Age: 38)
                Dr. Adrian Cheng was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. Dr. Adrian
                Cheng is the executive vice-chairman and general manager of New World Development Company Limited, an
                executive director of New World Department Store China Limited and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group
                Limited, and a non-executive director of Giordano International Limited, all being listed public companies in
                Hong Kong. He is an executive director of New World China Land Limited, a listed public company in Hong
                Kong until its delisting on August 4, 2016. He was an executive director of International Entertainment
                Corporation up to his resignation on June 10, 2017 and a non-executive director and vice chairman of Modern
                Media Holdings Limited up to his resignation on August 26, 2017, both being listed public companies in Hong
                Kong. He is a director of Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. He is also
                the chairman of New World Group Charity Foundation Limited and a director of certain subsidiaries of New
                World Development Company Limited. Dr. Adrian Cheng worked in a major international bank prior to joining
                the New World Development Group in September 2006 and has substantial experience in corporate finance.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                             51

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Dr. Adrian Cheng holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree (cum laude) from Harvard University, and was conferred the
          Honorary Doctorate of Humanities by the Savannah College of Art and Design. He is the vice-chairman of All-
          China Youth Federation, a member of the Tianjin Municipal Committee of The Chinese People’s Political
          Consultative Conference, the chairman of China Young Leaders Foundation, the Honorary chairman of K11
          Art Foundation Limited and a member of Board of the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

          He is the son of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, a non-executive director of the Company, and the cousin of the
          spouse of Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, a non-executive director of the Company.

          Mr. TSANG On Yip, Patrick (Age: 46)
          Mr. Tsang was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also a
          member of the compensation committee of the Company.

          Mr. Tsang is a director and chief executive officer of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited. Mr. Tsang is an
          executive director of Melbourne Enterprise Limited and UMP Healthcare Holdings Limited, a non-executive
          director of Greenheart Group Limited and Integrated Waste Solutions Group Holdings Limited, all of which are
          listed public companies in Hong Kong. Mr. Tsang is also a director of Cheng Yu Tung Foundation Limited and
          Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and the governor of Chow Tai Fook Charity Foundation Limited. He obtained
          a bachelor of arts degree in Economics from Columbia College of Columbia University in New York, USA.

          Mr. Tsang’s spouse is a niece of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, a non-executive director of the Company, and a
          cousin of Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian, a non-executive director of the Company.

          Mr. HOONG Cheong Thard (Age: 49)
          Mr. Hoong, B.Eng., ACA, was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
          also a member of the audit committee of the Company. He is an executive director of FECIL, a listed public
          company in Hong Kong, since August 2012. He joined FECIL in September 2008 as the managing director.
          He is responsible for the formulation and implementation of FECIL’s overall strategies for development.

          Prior to joining FECIL, Mr. Hoong was the chief executive officer of China LotSynergy Holdings Limited, a
          listed public company in Hong Kong, where he retired as a non-executive director of the company with effect
          from June 1, 2017.

          Mr. Hoong was an investment banker for over 12 years and had held senior positions at Deutsche Bank and
          UBS where he was responsible for corporate finance business in Asia. He was formerly a non-executive
          director (up to the withdrawal of listing) and is currently a director of Dorsett Hospitality International Limited
          (formerly known as Kosmopolito Hotels International Limited and withdrew from listing on the Main Board of
          the Stock Exchange, a subsidiary of FECIL in October 2015), was a director of AGORA Hospitality Group Co.,
          Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, until March 2017 and is a non-independent non-
          executive director of Land & General Berhad, a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia. Mr. Hoong is also a
          director of Forever Top (Asia) Limited, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

          Mr. Hoong is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and holds a
          bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Imperial College, University of London.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
52   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
          (i)   Directors (Continued)
                Mr. Andrew Wah Wai CHIU (Age: 29)
                Mr. Chiu was appointed as an executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is also the
                authorised representative of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is the
                founder and the executive chairman of Land Pacific Limited, Deacon House International Limited and Ariana
                Social Community Limited. Land Pacific Limited was formed in 2013 is a property development company
                focusing on residential and commercial developments in South East Asia. Deacon House International Limited
                formed in 2015 is a hotel company based on Chinese contemporary designs and influences, exemplifying
                Chinese cultures and traditions with a modern twist. Ariana Social Community Limited formed in 2016 is a
                community based student housing company with its flagship property in Farringdon, London and projects
                pipelined in England, Australia and North America.

                Mr. Chiu started his career with DTZ Hong Kong in 2008, he joined FECIL in 2009 and was appointed as the
                business development manager of FECIL in 2012. He is responsible for property investment and development
                for FECIL. From 2015, Mr. Chiu serves as the assistant to the chairman of FECIL. He is also a director of
                Malaysia Land Properties Sdn Bhd, and a non-independent non-executive director of Land & General Berhad,
                a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia. He is a member of Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce and
                a member of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

                Mr. Chiu is the son of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the Company, and the nephew of
                the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, an independent non-executive director of the Company.

                Mr. LAM Kin-Fung, Jeffrey GBS, JP (Age: 66)
                Mr. Lam was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in September 2017. He is
                also the chairman and a member of the compensation committee of the Company and a member of the
                nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Lam holds a bachelor degree in mechanical engineering from
                Tufts University in the United States. He has over 30 years of experience in the toy industry and is currently
                the managing director of Forward Winsome Industries Limited which is engaged in toy manufacturing.

                Mr. Lam is an independent non-executive director of Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited, C C Land
                Holdings Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited, Wynn Macau, Limited and CWT International
                Limited (formerly known as HNA Holding Group Company Limited), all of which are listed public companies in
                Hong Kong. He was also an independent non-executive director of Hsin Chong Group Holdings Limited until
                his resignation on May 10, 2014 and Bracell Limited until his resignation on November 1, 2016 after its
                delisting on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 24, 2016.

                Mr. Lam is a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
                He also holds a number of other public and community service positions including being a non-official member
                of the Executive Council and a member of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong, a member of the board of
                Airport Authority Hong Kong, a general committee member of the Hong Kong General Chamber of
                Commerce, the chairman of Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) Complaints Committee, a
                member of Fight Crime Committee, a director of the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited and a member
                of the board of directors of Heifer International-Hong Kong.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                         53

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (i)   Directors (Continued)
          Mr. HU Shao Ming Herman SBS, JP (Age: 64)
          Mr. Hu, BSc, FCIBSE, FHKIE, MIEEE. C. Eng., has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since
          2012. He is also a member of the compensation committee of the Company. He is the chairman of Ryoden
          Development Limited. Mr. Hu has been re-elected as a Deputy to the 13th National People’s Congress of the
          People’s Republic of China. He is also a general committee member, executive committee member and
          chairman of Mainland China Committee of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong, the Vice-President of the
          Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China, an Honorary Court Member of Hong Kong
          University of Science & Technology, a member of the Election Committee of the Government of the HKSAR
          and the Vice Patron of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. He was awarded the Honour of Silver Bauhinia
          Star (SBS) by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
          China on June 30, 2017.

          Mr. LUK Koon Hoo, Roger BBS, JP (Age: 66)
          Mr. Luk, FHKIB, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since 2010. He also serves
          as the chairman of the Company’s Audit Committee and a member of each of the Company’s Compensation
          Committee and Nomination Committee. He has over 30 years of comprehensive experience in accounting
          and financial management. He joined Hang Seng Bank in 1975, became the bank’s director and deputy chief
          executive in 1994 and then became managing director and deputy chief executive of the bank in 1996 until
          his retirement in May 2005. Mr. Luk is an independent non-executive director of three companies publicly
          listed in Hong Kong, namely, China Properties Group Limited, Computime Group Limited and Hung Hing
          Printing Group Limited, and also an independent non-executive director of Octopus Cards Limited. Mr. Luk
          was formerly an independent non-executive director of Wheelock Properties Limited, formerly a listed public
          company until it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wheelock and Company Limited in July 2010, from
          February 2008 to July 2010. He also serves as a council member of The Chinese University of Hong Kong
          and a non-executive director (non-official) of Urban Renewal Authority. Mr. Luk also served in the past on the
          Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University, the Advisory Committee on New Broad-based Taxes, the
          Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government, the
          Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority, the Advisory Committee and the Investor Education
          Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures Commission, the Barristers Disciplinary Tribunal Panel, the
          Operations Review Committee of ICAC and the Town Planning Board. He was an appointed member of the
          Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to 1995, and also a member of the first Election Committee of the
          Legislative Council.

          Mr. Luk graduated with a Bachelor of Social Sciences Degree in Statistics from The University of Hong Kong
          and also holds a Master of Business Administration Degree granted by The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
          He is a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Bankers. He is also a Non-official Justice of the Peace and was
          awarded the honour of Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2004 in recognition of his contributions to public services.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
54   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
          (i)    Directors (Continued)
                 Mr. TANG Sing Ming Sherman (Age: 60)
                 Mr. Tang has been appointed an independent non-executive director of the Company since 2014. He is also
                 a member of the audit committee of the Company. He holds a Master degree in Electrical Engineering and a
                 degree of Doctor in Medicine from the University of Southern California, the United States of America. Mr.
                 Tang is a seasoned entrepreneur in the hospitality industry and has over 20 years of experience in investment
                 and operation of restaurants, cafes and bars. He is the founder and owner of the Epicurean Group and also
                 served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Epicurean and Company, Limited (now known as New
                 Wisdom Holding Company Limited), a listed public company in Hong Kong, until his resignation in November
                 2016.

                 Mr. Tang is the brother of the sister-in-law of Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu, a non-executive director of the
                 Company, and the brother of the aunt of Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu, an executive director of the Company.

          (ii)   Senior Management
                 Ms. LEUNG Shuk Yee Irene, Chief Operating Officer (Age: 48)
                 Ms. Leung joined the Group in February 2018 and is the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. She is also a
                 director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. She was an experienced senior management in the
                 telecommunications industry, having developed her expertise in fixed and mobile telecom services. She was the
                 executive vice president of a market leading mobile service operator in Hong Kong for commercial customer
                 segments as well as mass consumer market, and was responsible for the leadership and strategic development of
                 the leading mobile service operator’s multi- brand business and services which included the world’s first
                 commercial launch of 4G mobile service and applications. In 2012, Ms. Leung devoted herself into the social
                 service sector and promoted the application of information technology by joining the Senior Citizen Home Safety
                 Association (‘‘SCHSA’’), a well-known social enterprise and charitable organisation in Hong Kong, as the chief
                 executive officer. During her service and leadership in SCHSA, SCHSA had gone through a major transformation
                 and is being recognised as a role model of social innovations in the social service sector in Hong Kong.

                 Mr. KWOK Chi Kin, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary (Age: 41)
                 Mr. Kwok joined the Group in September 2017 and he is the Chief Financial Officer and the company
                 secretary of the Company. He is also the authorised representative of the Company and a director of certain
                 subsidiaries of the Company. He is responsible for the accounting and financial management, company
                 secretarial matters and corporate governance functions of the Group. Mr. Kwok obtained his Bachelor of
                 Business Administration in Finance with First Class Honours from Hong Kong University of Science and
                 Technology. He is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Association of
                 Chartered Certified Accountants, and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
                 Secretaries and the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators. He has over 15 years of experience
                 in auditing, accounting and financial management, company secretarial practice, and corporate governance.
                 Prior to joining the Group, he worked for an international accounting firm and was the chief financial officer
                 and the company secretary of International Entertainment Corporation, a company listed on the Main Board of
                 the Stock Exchange, from May 2004 to June 2017.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                         55

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
    (ii)   Senior Management (Continued)
           Mr. CHIU Ying Chun Ronald, Executive Director, i-CABLE News Limited and i-CABLE Sports Limited (Age: 65)
           Mr. Chiu was appointed Assistant News Controller in June 1993 and was instrumental in the launch of the first
           24-hour Cantonese language News Channel in the world. Mr. Chiu was promoted to News Controller in 1994
           and appointed as Vice President, News & Sports in 2002. He became an executive director of i-CABLE News
           Limited and i-CABLE Sports Limited in September 2005 responsible for operating channels of the Sports and
           News platform. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Chiu held various senior news positions in the television
           industry. His experience spans from reporting, editing, news anchoring; to planning and execution of news
           coverage as well as management of news operation. He was made Honorary University Fellow of the Hong
           Kong Baptist University in 2012 in recognition of his contributions to broadcasting news.

           Mr. CHAN Wai Man, Senior Vice President, Network Operations (Age: 52)
           Mr. Chan joined the Group in September 1993 and is Senior Vice President, Network Operations. He is also a
           director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. At the time that he joined the Group in 1993, he was
           responsible for the operations and technical support of TV broadcasting system. Throughout his career with
           the Group, he gained extensive experience in TV broadcasting, telecommunication and data communication
           engineering. He was appointed Vice President, Network Operations in July 2014, responsible for the
           development and operation of the Company’s TV and broadband distribution networks, as well as the New
           Media and Management Information Systems. In March 2018, Mr. Chan was appointed as Senior Vice
           President, Network Operations. Mr. Chan holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree (First Class Honours) and a
           Master of Science degree in Electronic Engineering.

           Mr. CHEUNG Chi Shing, Vincent, Senior Vice President, Subscription Marketing and Sales (Age: 49)
           Mr. Cheung re-joined the Group as Senior Vice President, Subscription Marketing and Sales in November
           2017 and spearhead the subscription business of Pay TV, Broadband and Telephony business. He has been
           a member of the Hong Kong Cable Television management team for nearly 20 years, beginning in 1993 as
           marketing and sales executive for subscription. Over the years, he has played an integral role for the Group’s
           subscription revenue for both residential and commercial sectors in a highly competitive environment.

           In January 2004, he was appointed Controller to oversee the Marketing and Sales of subscription business. In
           January 2009, Mr. Cheung was appointed as Vice President. He helped to quickly build the subscriber and
           revenue base in 2009 and was further promoted as Senior Vice President, Subscription Services in January
           2010.

           He has over 25 years of experience in business reinvention under the new economy marketing landscape. Mr.
           Cheung holds a Bachelor‘s degree in Mechanical Engineering from University of Ottawa, Canada and Master’s
           degree of Business Administration from University of Hull, England.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
56   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
     (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
          (ii)   Senior Management (Continued)
                 Ms. NG Ching Man Carman, Senior Vice President, Media Business (Age: 47)
                 Ms. Ng joined the Group in January 2018 as Senior Vice President, Media Business. She is also a director of
                 certain subsidiaries of the Company. She is responsible for the overall business performance of television and
                 other media advertising business where she leads and formulates strategy to drive for business growth. In
                 addition, she oversees the development of programming, programme development and promotions,
                 programme planning and production, production support.

                 Ms. Ng has over 20 years of experience in HK’s media industry spanning from free-TV to pay-TV, OTT (Over-
                 The-Top), OOH (Out-Of-Home), digital, social and integrated marketing solutions. Prior to joining the
                 Company, she has held various senior management positions in PCCW Media Group, Le Corporation Limited,
                 RoadShow Media Limited and Sina.com. Ms Ng holds an EMBA degree of the Chinese University of Hong
                 Kong.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                                    57




Independent auditor’s report to the members of
i-CABLE Communications Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”), its
subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (the “Group”) set out on pages 65 to 123, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2017, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in
equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2017 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS OF OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
58   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Assessment of impairment of property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”) and programming
     library
     Refer to notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in notes 1(e), 1(g) and 1(q)

     The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


     The carrying values of property, plant and              Our audit procedures to assess potential impairment of PP&E and
     equipment (“PP&E”) and the programming library as       programming library included the following:
     at December 31, 2017 were HK$889 million and
     HK$152 million, respectively. The Group sustained       •    evaluating management’s identification of CGUs and the
     a loss for the year ended December 31, 2017 of               allocation of PP&E and the programming library to the
     HK$363 million. Accordingly, management                      corresponding CGUs;
     considered that there were indicators of potential
     impairment of PP&E and the programming library.         •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
                                                                  evaluating management’s impairment assessment
     Management performs an impairment assessment                 methodology and calculations contained within the
     when indicators of impairment are identified. When           discounted cash flow forecasts with reference to the
     performing an impairment assessment management               requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;
     uses the value in use model and compares the
     aggregate carrying values of PP&E and the               •    comparing data in the discounted cash flow forecasts with
     programming library with the value in use of the             the relevant data, including forecast revenue, forecast
     cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which these                programming costs, forecast network expenses and forecast
     assets are allocated, to determine the impairment            other expenses, in the financial budgets prepared by
     loss which should be recognised for the year, if any.        management;

     Value in use is calculated by preparing discounted      •    comparing the compound annual growth rates and long
     cash flows for each CGU. The determination of                term growth rates adopted in the discounted cash flow
     value in use requires the exercise of significant            forecasts with historical performance and those of
     management judgement in determining the                      comparable companies and external market data;
     assumptions adopted in the cash flow forecasts, in
     particular in relation to compound annual growth        •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
     rates, long term growth rates and the discount rates         assessing the discount rates applied in the discounted cash
     applied.                                                     flow forecasts with reference to the range adopted by other
                                                                  companies in the same industry;
     We identified the assessment of potential
     impairment of PP&E and the programming library as       •    comparing the revenue and operating costs included in the
     a key audit matter because the impairment                    prior year’s discounted cash flow forecasts with the current
     assessments prepared by management are                       year’s performance to assess the historical accuracy of
     complex and contain certain judgemental and                  management’s forecasting process and considering the
     subjective assumptions which may be inherently               nature of any significant differences;
     uncertain and could be subject to management
     bias.                                                   •    performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
                                                                  adopted in the discounted cash flow forecasts and assessing
                                                                  the impact of changes in the key assumptions on the
                                                                  conclusions reached by management and whether there
                                                                  were any indicators of management bias.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                      59

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of impairment of amounts due from subsidiaries (company level statement of
financial position of the Company)
Refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in notes 1(c) and 1(q)

The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit


The carrying value of amounts due from subsidiaries      Our audit procedures to assess potential impairment of amounts
as at December 31, 2017 was HK$2,460 million, as         due from subsidiaries included the following:
reflected in the company level statement of financial
position. As the carrying value of amounts due from      •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
subsidiaries was significantly greater than the               evaluating management’s impairment assessment methodology
Group’s net assets as at December 31, 2017,                   and calculations contained within the discounted cash flow
which totalled HK$1,130 million, management                   forecast with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
considered that there was an indicator of potential           accounting standards;
impairment of amounts due from subsidiaries.
                                                         •    assessing the key assumptions and data adopted in the
Management performs an impairment assessment                  cash flow forecast by:
when indicators of impairment are identified. When
performing an impairment assessment, management                   comparing data in the discounted cash flow forecast
compares the aggregate carrying values of amounts                  with the relevant data, including forecast revenue,
due from subsidiaries with the equity values of the                forecast programming costs, forecast network expenses
subsidiaries to determine the impairment loss which                and forecast other expenses, in the financial budget
should be recognised for the year, if any.                         prepared by management;

Equity values were estimated by preparing a                       engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us
discounted cash flow forecast for the operations of                in assessing whether the discount rate applied in the
the subsidiaries considered in aggregate. The                      discounted cash flow forecast was within the range
determination of equity values requires the exercise               adopted by other companies in the same industries;
of significant management judgement in determining
the assumptions in the discounted cash flow                       comparing the compound annual growth rates and
forecast, in particular in relation to the compound                long term growth rate adopted in the discounted cash
annual growth rate, the long term growth rate and                  flow forecast with historical performance and those of
the discount rate applied.                                         comparable companies and external market data;

We identified assessing potential impairment of          •    comparing the revenue and operating costs included in the
amounts due from subsidiaries as a key audit matter           prior year’s discounted cash flow forecast with the current
because of its potential significance to the financial        year’s performance to assess the accuracy and reliability of
position of the Company and the calculation of the            management’s budget and forecasting processes and
distributable reserves of the Company and because             considering the nature of any significant differences;
the impairment assessments prepared by
management are complex and contain certain               •    performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
judgemental assumptions which can be inherently               adopted in the discounted cash flow forecast and assessing
uncertain and could be subject to management                  the impact of changes in the key assumptions on the
bias.                                                         conclusions reached by management in its impairment
                                                              assessment and whether there were any indicators of
                                                              management bias.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
60   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Assessment of recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets
     Refer to notes 6 and 26(b) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy in note 1(n)

     The Key Audit Matter                                       How the matter was addressed in our audit


     As at December 31, 2017 the Group had                      Our audit procedures to assess recoverability of recognised
     recognised deferred tax assets in respect of the           deferred tax assets included the following:
     future benefit of unutilised tax losses of HK$356
     million. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the         •    evaluating the availability of tax losses recognised, taking into
     Group sustained a consolidated loss before taxation             account any unsettled disputes or queries raised by the
     of HK$366 million which may indicate that the                   relevant taxation authorities;
     recognised deferred tax assets may not be
     recoverable, in whole or in part.                          •    evaluating historical profitability and loss utilisation trends for
                                                                     the entities for which tax losses have been recognised;
     Management recognises deferred tax assets in
     respect of the future benefit of unutilised tax losses     •    challenging management’s assessment of the recoverability
     for individual entities, to the extent that it is               of recognised deferred tax assets in respect of forecast
     considered probable that future taxable profits will            results and the period over which management expects the
     be available against which the tax losses can be                losses to be utilised by assessing the relevant subsidiaries’
     utilised.                                                       abilities to generate sufficient future taxable income to utilise
                                                                     the available tax losses, which included:
     The determination of the recoverability of deferred
     tax assets is complex as it requires the exercise of                 comparing key assumptions in the forecasts of
     management judgement in estimating future taxable                     taxable income of the related subsidiaries with those
     profits and the timing of utilisation of the tax losses.              used in the Group’s cash flow forecast prepared by
                                                                           management and investigating any inconsistencies
     We identified assessing the recoverability of                         between the two forecasts;
     recognised deferred tax assets as a key audit
     matter because the assessment of recoverability by                   comparing the revenue and operating costs included
     management is complex and contains certain                            in the prior year’s forecast with the current year’s
     judgemental assumptions about future taxable                          actual results to assess the reliability of management’s
     profits which may be inherently uncertain and could                   budget and forecasting processes and investigating
     be subject to management bias.                                        any significant differences;

                                                                          performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
                                                                           adopted in the forecasts and assessing the impact of
                                                                           changes in the key assumptions on the conclusions
                                                                           reached by management in its assessment and
                                                                           whether there were any indicators of management
                                                                           bias;

                                                                •    comparing the actual tax losses utilised during the current
                                                                     year with the prior year’s forecast for tax loss utilisation to
                                                                     assess the accuracy and the reliability of management’s
                                                                     forecasting process and considering the nature of any
                                                                     significant variations identified.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                         61

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of going concern assumption
Refer to the accounting policy in note 1(b)

The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at December 31, 2017 the Group had net               Our audit procedures to assess the appropriateness of
current liabilities of HK$130 million and the Group     management’s preparation of the consolidated financial
sustained a loss of HK$363 million for the year then    statements on a going concern basis, included the following:
ended.
                                                        •    evaluating management’s future plans for the businesses of
Notwithstanding the above, the consolidated                  the Group and making inquiries of management as to the
financial statements have been prepared by                   availability of loans and financing facilities for a period of at
management on a going concern basis as, in the               least 12 months from the end of the reporting period;
opinion of the directors, the Group will have
sufficient working capital and recourse to financing    •    inspecting the relevant facility agreements in respect of the
to sustain its operations and continue to operate as         loans granted by a bank and another lender to identify key
a going concern for the foreseeable future.                  terms and assess the impact of these terms, including
                                                             repayment terms and restrictive covenants, on the Group’s
The directors of the Company evaluated the                   free cash flow forecast and the consolidated financial
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern               statements;
based upon an assessment of the Group’s cash
position, a free cash flow forecast and its recourse    •    confirming the terms of the loans and financing facilities with
to various financing facilities.                             the relevant bank and the other lender;

The preparation of a free cash flow forecast requires   •    comparing data in management’s free cash flow forecast
the exercise of significant management judgement             with the relevant data, including forecast revenue, forecast
in assessing the relevant businesses, particularly in        operating expenses and forecast capital expenditure, in the
relation to both qualitative and quantitative factors        financial budget which was prepared by management;
about the sustainability of the businesses, the
macroeconomic environment and overall health of         •    comparing the revenue, operating costs and capital
the industry, technology changes and specific                expenditure included in the prior year’s free cash flow
forecasts of the Group’s revenue, operating                  forecast with the current year’s performance of the Group to
expenses and capital expenditure.                            assess the accuracy and reliability of management’s budget
                                                             and forecasting processes and considering the nature of any
We identified management’s use of the going                  significant differences;
concern assumption in preparing the consolidated
financial statements as a key audit matter because      •    performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
the factors considered by the directors of the               adopted in the free cash flow forecast and assessing the
Company in their evaluation on the Group’s ability           impact of changes in the key assumptions on the
to continue as a going concern are complex and               conclusions reached and whether there were any indicators
contain certain judgemental assumptions which                of management bias.
may be inherently uncertain and could be subject to
management bias.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
62   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

     INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
     annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
     are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
     accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control
     as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
     reporting process.

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
     This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
     and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
     of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                        63

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
      exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
      audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
      Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
64   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
     when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
     the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonable be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Irene Chu Ngar Yee.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     March 22, 2018




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended December 31, 2017
                                                                                                                              65

                                                                                             2017                 2016
                                                                             Note          HK$’000              HK$’000


Revenue                                                                       3,4         1,258,430            1,406,368

Programming costs                                                                          (889,343)            (869,949)
Network expenses                                                                           (219,492)            (209,392)
Selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses                           (309,844)            (339,869)
Cost of sales                                                                                (79,014)             (84,697)


Loss from operations before depreciation                                                   (239,263)              (97,539)

Depreciation                                                                   5           (204,678)            (214,324)


Loss from operations                                                                       (443,941)            (311,863)

Interest income                                                                5                   776                 40
Finance costs                                                                  5                (9,315)            (5,489)
Non-operating income/(expenses)                                                5                86,268               (556)


Loss before taxation                                                           5           (366,212)            (317,868)

Income tax credit                                                            6(a)                3,385              5,078


Loss for the year                                                                          (362,827)            (312,790)


Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       (362,827)            (312,790)


Loss per share                                                                 9                                 (Restated)
Basic                                                                                (10.1) HK cents      (12.6) HK cents


Diluted                                                                              (10.1) HK cents      (12.6) HK cents


The notes on pages 72 to 123 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
66   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended December 31, 2017


                                                                                                 2017        2016
                                                                                               HK$’000     HK$’000


     Loss for the year                                                                         (362,827)   (312,790)

     Other comprehensive income for the year (after reclassification adjustment):
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of overseas subsidiaries       403         (785)


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   (362,424)   (313,575)


     Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                      (362,424)   (313,575)


     The notes on pages 72 to 123 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2017
                                                                                                          67

                                                                              2017              2016
                                                             Note           HK$’000           HK$’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                 10             888,775          894,039
Programming library                                           11             151,577          169,307
Intangible assets                                             12               1,218            2,062
Interest in associate                                         13                   –                –
Deferred tax assets                                          26(b)           303,472          306,467
Other non-current assets                                      14              39,006           43,254


                                                                           1,384,048        1,415,129


Current assets
Inventories                                                   16              13,981           18,076
Trade receivables                                             17              43,822           51,385
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                   17              38,187           34,926
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                          18                   –              204
Bank deposits and cash                                        19             584,744          105,814


                                                                             680,734          210,405


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                20              17,150           59,135
Accrued expenses and other payables                           20             235,771          239,758
Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                   20             162,494          183,821
Interest-bearing borrowings                                   21             395,000          590,000
Current taxation                                             26(a)                86              113
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                            22                   –           26,129
Amount due to immediate holding company                       23                   –            3,229


                                                                             810,501        1,102,185


Net current liabilities                                                     (129,767)         (891,780)


Total assets less current liabilities                                      1,254,281          523,349




                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
68   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
     As at December 31, 2017


                                                                                             2017          2016
                                                                                  Note     HK$’000       HK$’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Interest-bearing borrowing                                                    21       100,000             –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                     26(b)       2,447         9,210
     Other non-current liabilities                                                 24        21,987         8,741


                                                                                            124,434        17,951


     NET ASSETS                                                                           1,129,847       505,398


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
     Share capital                                                                25(c)    7,844,472     6,857,599
     Reserves                                                                             (6,714,625)   (6,352,201)


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         1,129,847       505,398


     The notes on pages 72 to 123 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

     Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 22, 2018.




     Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                      Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
     Director                                      Director




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended December 31, 2017
                                                                                                                                              69

                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                         Special
                                                          Share           capital    Exchange Accumulated              Total        Total
                                                         capital         reserve       reserve     losses           reserves       equity
                                           Note         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000


Balance at January 1, 2016                             6,857,599         13,985           3,643     (6,056,254)    (6,038,626)    818,973

Changes in equity for 2016:
 Loss for the year                                             –               –              –       (312,790)      (312,790)    (312,790)
 Other comprehensive income                                    –               –           (785)             –           (785)        (785)


Total comprehensive income                                     –               –           (785)      (312,790)      (313,575)    (313,575)


Balance at December 31, 2016
  and January 1, 2017                                  6,857,599         13,985           2,858     (6,369,044)    (6,352,201)    505,398

Changes in equity for 2017:
 Loss for the year                                             –               –             –        (362,827)      (362,827)    (362,827)
 Other comprehensive income                                    –               –           403               –            403          403


Total comprehensive income                                     –               –           403        (362,827)      (362,424)    (362,424)


Shares issued under open offer            25(c)(ii)     704,029                –              –              –               –    704,029
Shares issued under loan capitalisation   25(c)(iii)    300,000                –              –              –               –    300,000
Transaction costs incurred in
  respect of open offer                                  (17,156)              –              –              –               –     (17,156)
                                                                    –




Balance at December 31, 2017                           7,844,472         13,985           3,261     (6,731,871)    (6,714,625)   1,129,847


The notes on pages 72 to 123 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
70   CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
     For the year ended December 31, 2017


                                                                                    2017        2016
                                                                          Note    HK$’000     HK$’000


     Operating activities
     Loss before taxation                                                         (366,212)   (317,868)

     Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                                   9,315      5,489
     Interest income                                                                  (776)        (40)
     Depreciation                                                                 204,678     214,324
     Amortisation of programming library                                          128,647     109,579
     Impairment losses on programming library                                        3,691        209
     Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                387        892
     Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                  (14,760)       556
     Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                              (71,508)          –


     Operating cash flows before changes in working capital                       (106,538)    13,141

     Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                              4,132      (3,035)
     Decrease in trade receivables                                                   7,563     17,596
     (Increase)/decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables            (12,402)    11,626
     Decrease in amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                               13,993         711
     (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                         (39,407)    24,693
     (Decrease)/increase in accrued expenses and other payables                    (23,005)    19,537
     (Decrease)/increase in receipts in advance and customers’ deposits            (21,081)    12,516
     Decrease in amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                (26,129)     (8,180)
     (Decrease)/increase in amount due to immediate holding company                 (3,229)      1,614


     Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                     (206,103)    90,219

     Overseas tax paid                                                                (410)       (571)


     Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                       (206,513)    89,648


     Investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (176,257)   (233,646)
     Additions to programming library                                             (117,642)   (119,421)
     Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                               15(b)     77,850            –
     Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                       844        1,705
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                        17,651          680
     Release/(placement) of security deposits with bank                              3,290      (20,000)
     Interest received                                                                 391           14


     Net cash used in investing activities                                        (193,873)   (370,668)




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (CONTINUED)                                                                               71
For the year ended December 31, 2017


                                                                                              2017               2016
                                                                             Note           HK$’000            HK$’000


Financing activities
Proceeds from issue of shares upon open offer                                25(c)           704,029                  –
Transaction costs upon issue of shares under open offer                      25(c)            (17,156)                –
Net movements of interest-bearing borrowings                                 19(b)           205,000           290,000
Finance costs paid                                                                             (9,315)           (5,489)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                                 882,558           284,511


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    482,172              3,491

Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                           48              (104)

Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                                                          85,814          82,427


Cash and cash equivalents at December 31                                     19(a)           568,034            85,814


Material non-cash transaction
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the loan from a former fellow subsidiary (the “Wharf Facility”) of HK$300
million was settled through the issue of 841,987,090 loan capitalisation shares of the Company. Further details of which
are set out in Note 25(c)(iii).

The notes on pages 72 to 123 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
72   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (a) Statement of compliance
                The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
                Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual
                Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations
                issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally
                accepted in Hong Kong and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated
                financial statements of the Group also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing
                the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies
                adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption
                for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2 provides information on any changes in accounting
                policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the
                Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.

          (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
                The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2017, comprise i-CABLE
                Communications Limited (the “Company”), its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (together
                referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associate. The measurement basis used in the
                preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is the historical cost basis.

                As at December 31, 2017, the Group had net current liabilities of approximately HK$130 million (2016:
                HK$892 million). The net current liabilities included an interest-bearing borrowing of HK$395 million which was
                drawn from a banking facility of HK$400 million and is repayable on demand and such banking facility is
                subject to review. The Group also had an interest-bearing borrowing of HK$100 million which was drawn from
                a revolving loan facility of HK$100 million given by Wharf Finance Limited (“Wharf Finance”) and is due on
                December 31, 2019.

                In the opinion of the directors of the Company (the “Directors”), after taking into account, among other things,
                the financial resources available to the Group, the banking facilities from the bank, the current level of
                operations of the Group, and the bank deposits and cash balances, the Directors are satisfied that the Group
                will have sufficient working capital to fund its operations and commitments and remain as a going concern in
                the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Directors are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated
                financial statements of the Group on a going concern basis. Management is not aware of any material
                uncertainties related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
                continue as a going concern.

                The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to
                make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
                assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
                experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
                of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
                readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

                The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
                estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

                Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the
                consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 33.



     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                      73

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (c) Subsidiaries
         Subsidiaries are entities (including consolidated structured entities) controlled by the Group. The Group
         controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
         has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group
         has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

         An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group from the
         date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash
         flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the
         consolidated financial statements of the Group. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are
         eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

         Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
         equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests
         within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no gain or loss is recognised.

         When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
         subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
         subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
         value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
         investment in an associate (see Note 1(d)).

         In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
         impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).

     (d) Associates
         An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
         control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

         An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group under the
         equity method and is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-
         date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the
         investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and
         any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the
         Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year
         are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-
         acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated
         statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

         When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil
         and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
         constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is
         the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests
         that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
74   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (d) Associates (Continued)
                Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
                to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
                impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
                entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest
                retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this
                amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

                In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in an associate is stated at cost less impairment
                losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).

          (e) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
                Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                Note 1(q)(ii)). The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of
                materials, labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and
                restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and
                borrowing costs (see Note 1(m)).

                Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
                as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and is recognised in
                profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

                Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment, less their
                estimated residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                Network, decoders, cable modems and                                      5% to 25%
                  television production systems
                Furniture, fixtures, other equipment and motor vehicles                  10% to 33.33%
                Buildings situated on leasehold land *                                   Higher of 2.5% or percentage to amortise the asset
                                                                                           cost over the unexpired term of land leases
                Leasehold improvements                                                   8.33%

                Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
                allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
                life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

                Under certain circumstances, the Group may have an obligation to dismantle part of its network upon request
                by concerned parties. Owing to the absence of such history, no reliable estimate can be reasonably made in
                respect of such potential obligation.

                *     This represents units in industrial and commercial buildings which the management considers impracticable to split the cost into land
                      and buildings. Thus, depreciation is provided at 2.5% to write off the cost of the properties held by the Group.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED              2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                        75

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (f)   Leased assets
           An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
           determines that the arrangement conveys a right to use a specific asset or assets for an agreed period of time
           in return for a payment or a series of payments. Such a determination is made based on an evaluation of the
           substance of the arrangement and is regardless of whether the arrangement takes the legal form of a lease.

           (i)     Classification of assets leased to the Group
                   Assets that are held by the Group under leases which transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and
                   rewards of ownership are classified as being held under finance leases. Leases which do not transfer
                   substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the Group are classified as operating leases.

           (ii)    Assets acquired under finance leases
                   Where the Group acquires the use of assets under finance leases, the amounts representing the fair
                   value of the leased asset, or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments, of such assets
                   are recognised as property, plant and equipment and the corresponding liabilities, net of finance
                   charges, are recorded as obligations under finance leases. Depreciation is provided at rates which write
                   off the cost or valuation of the assets over the term of the relevant lease or, where it is likely the Group
                   will obtain ownership of the asset, the life of the asset, as set out in Note 1(e). Impairment losses are
                   accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 1(q)(ii). Finance charges
                   implicit in the lease payments are charged to profit or loss over the period of the leases so as to produce
                   an approximately constant periodic rate of charge on the remaining balance of the obligations for each
                   accounting period. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which
                   they are incurred.

           (iii)   Operating lease charges
                   Where the Group has the use of assets held under operating leases, payments made under the leases
                   are charged to profit or loss in equal instalments over the accounting periods covered by the lease term,
                   except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the
                   leased asset. Lease incentives received are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the
                   aggregate net lease payments made. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting
                   period in which they are incurred.

     (g) Programming costs
           (i)     Programming library
                   Programming library consists of presentation rights for commissioned programmes and acquired
                   programmes for showing on the Group’s television channels, and commissioned programmes and films
                   for licensing purposes, film rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress.

                   Presentation rights are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at cost
                   less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment
                   losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Amortisation is charged to profit or loss on an accelerated basis over the
                   licence period or over the estimated number of future showings. Subsequent expenditure on
                   programmes after initial acquisition is recognised as an expense when incurred.

                   Commissioned programmes and films for licensing purposes comprise direct production costs and
                   production overheads, and are stated at the lower of amortised cost and net realisable value. Costs are
                   amortised on an individual programme/film basis in the ratio of the current year’s gross revenue to
                   management’s forecast of the total ultimate gross revenue from all sources.


                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
76   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (g) Programming costs (Continued)
                (i)     Programming library (Continued)
                        Film rights generated by the Group or perpetual film rights acquired by the Group are stated at cost less
                        accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses
                        (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Costs represent the carrying value transferred from films in progress upon completion
                        or the purchase price of the perpetual film rights, and are amortised at rates calculated to write off the
                        costs in proportion to the estimated revenue from exhibition, the reproduction and distribution of audio
                        visual products, the licensing of video rights and other broadcast rights following their release. Such
                        rates are subject to annual review.

                        Films in progress are stated at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Costs include all direct
                        costs associated with the production of films. Impairment losses are made for costs which are in excess
                        of the expected future revenue generated by these films. Costs of films are transferred to film rights
                        upon completion.

                (ii)    Live programmes
                        Live programmes consist of third party feed programmes and are charged to profit or loss upon telecast
                        of the programmes. Payments of programme cost made in advance or in arrears are recorded as
                        prepayments or accruals, as appropriate.

                (iii)   In-house developed programmes
                        In-house developed programmes consist primarily of news, documentary and general entertainment
                        programmes with short lead-time from production to telecast. The costs of in-house developed
                        programmes are accordingly recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.

          (h) Intangible assets
                The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite
                useful lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
                indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
                an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.

                Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
                generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life
                is reviewed annually to determine whether indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the
                change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

                (i)     Club debentures
                        The Group’s club debentures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group
                        at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).

          (i)   Inventories
                Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted
                average basis and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing
                the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
                ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
                make the sale.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                             77

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (j)   Financial instruments
           (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                  The Group initially recognises trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, deposits and
                  borrowings on the date on which they are originated. All other financial instruments are recognised on
                  the trade date, which is the date on which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                  the instrument.

                  A financial asset or financial liability (unless it is trade and other receivables without a significant financing
                  component) is measured initially at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss
                  (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Trade and other
                  receivables without a significant financing component are initially measured at transaction price.

           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                  On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost, fair value through
                  other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or FVTPL. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
                  their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its business model for managing
                  financial assets.

                  A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                  designated as at FVTPL:

                  —     the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual
                        cash flows; and
                  —     the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  Trade and other receivables, including balances due from group companies are classified as financial
                  assets at amortised cost. All other financial assets are classified and measured at fair values.

                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                  interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
                  gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
                  recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets at FVTPL and FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                  values.

                  Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. Financial liabilities at amortised
                  cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
                  and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition
                  is also recognised in profit or loss. Trade and other payables, including balances due to group
                  companies and interest-bearing borrowings are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. The
                  Group does not have financial liability measured at FVTPL.




                                                                   i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
78   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (j)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                (iii)   Derecognition
                        Financial assets
                        The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
                        financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in
                        which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in
                        which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and
                        it does not retain control of the financial asset. The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers
                        assets recognised on its statement of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the
                        risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In such cases, the transferred assets are not derecognised.

                        Financial liabilities
                        The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
                        or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash
                        flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the
                        modified terms is recognised at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                        liability extinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognised in profit or loss.

                (iv)    Offsetting
                        Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
                        financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
                        amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                        simultaneously. Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted under HKFRSs,
                        or for gains and losses arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the Group’s trading
                        activity.

          (k) Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts
                of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of
                maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
                cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the
                consolidated cash flows statement of the Group.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                       79

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (l)   Revenue recognition
           Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is recognised in
           profit or loss provided it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue and
           costs, if applicable, can be measured reliably as follows:

           (i)      Revenue from the provision of subscription television services, internet access services, and telephony
                    services is recognised at the time when the services are provided.
           (ii)     Installation fees are recognised upon completion of the related installation work to the extent of direct
                    selling costs.
           (iii)    Where packaged service fees comprise a number of elements and the fees can be allocated on a
                    reasonable basis into elements of subscription service and installation service, revenue is recognised in
                    accordance with the accounting policies set out in Notes 1(l)(i) and (ii). Where packaged service fees
                    cannot be allocated into individual elements, the fees are deferred and recognised evenly over the term
                    of the service period.
           (iv)     Advertising revenue net of agency deductions is recognised on telecast of the advertisement. When an
                    advertising contract covers a specified period, the related revenue is recognised evenly over the
                    specified period.
           (v)      Revenue from theatrical distributions is recognised when the films are exhibited.
           (vi)     Revenue from distribution of films is recognised upon delivery of the master tapes to the customers.
           (vii)    Income from licensing of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes
                    concerned in accordance with the terms of the licence contracts.
           (viii)   Income from network maintenance and operations is recognised at the time when services are provided.
           (ix)     Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal installments over
                    the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
                    pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                    recognised in profit or loss as integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivables. Contingent
                    rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.
           (x)      Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

     (m) Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
           necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of
           the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

           The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
           for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
           the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
           when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
           interrupted or complete.




                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
80   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (n) Income tax
                Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
                and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
                they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
                amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax is
                the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
                the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
                tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

                Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
                is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
                Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible
                temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences,
                provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected
                to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in
                periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same
                criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition
                of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into
                account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse
                in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

                The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
                arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit
                (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in
                subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal
                and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible
                differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
                settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. The carrying amount
                of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no
                longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any
                such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
                available. Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability
                to pay the related dividends is recognised.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                      81

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (n) Income tax (Continued)
         Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
         other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
         against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
         tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

         (a)   In the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a
               net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

         (b)   In the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
               authority on either:

               (i)    the same taxable entity; or
               (ii)   different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                      liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                      and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

     (o) Translation of foreign currency
         Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
         transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
         foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
         profit or loss.

         Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
         denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair values are translated using the foreign exchange rates
         ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

         The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
         the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are
         translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
         resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in
         equity in the exchange reserve.

         On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
         operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
82   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (p) Related parties
                (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                      (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;
                      (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or
                      (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                      (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                               subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
                      (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                               member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
                      (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
                      (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third parties.
                      (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                               entity related to the Group.
                      (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
                      (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                               management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
                      (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                               services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

          (q) Impairment of assets
                (i)   Impairment of financial assets
                      The Group recognises loss allowances for lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade and other
                      receivables. For bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                      life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowances
                      are measured as 12-month ECL. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events
                      over the expected life of a financial instrument. 12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from
                      default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                      expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). In all cases, the maximum period considered
                      when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit
                      risk.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                      83

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (q) Impairment of assets (Continued)
         (i)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
               When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
               recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that
               is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
               information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment
               and including forward-looking information. In all cases, the maximum period considered when estimating
               ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

               Measurement of ECLs and presentation of ECLs in the statement of financial position
               ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. They are measured as follows:

               —     financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash
                     shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the
                     contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive);
               —     financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross
                     carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows;
               —     undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash
                     flows that are due to the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the
                     Group expects to receive; and
               —     financial guarantee contracts: the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts
                     that the Group expects to recover.

               Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying
               amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is
               recognised in other comprehensive income.

               Write-off
               The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
               there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the
               debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the
               amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to
               enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
84   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (q) Impairment of assets (Continued)
                (ii)    Impairment of other assets
                        Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                        indications that the following assets may be impaired or, an impairment loss previously recognised no
                        longer exists or may have decreased:

                        —    property, plant and equipment (other than properties carried at revalued amounts);
                        —    programming library (including film rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress);
                        —    intangible assets; and
                        —    investments in subsidiaries and associate in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                        If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for intangible
                        assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the
                        recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

                        —    Calculation of recoverable amount
                             The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                             in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                             value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                             money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                             independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                             group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                        —    Recognition of impairment losses
                             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                             generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                             in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in
                             the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
                             reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if
                             determinable).

                        —    Reversals of impairment losses
                             In respect of assets, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

                             A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                             determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                             are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

                (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                        Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                        Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                        reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                        Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of
                        the reporting period (see Notes 1(q)(i) and (ii)).




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                          85

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (r)   Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
           statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating
           decision maker for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
           various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
           segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
           services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
           the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
           are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

     (s) Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
           (i)    Financial guarantees issued
                  Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments
                  to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs because a
                  specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

                  Where the Group issues a financial guarantee, the fair value of the guarantee is initially recognised as
                  deferred income within trade and other payables. Where consideration is received or receivable for the
                  issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s policies
                  applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an
                  immediate expense is recognised in profit or loss on initial recognition of any deferred income.

                  The amount of the guarantee initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in profit or loss over
                  the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued. In addition, provisions are
                  recognised if and when (i) it becomes probable that the holder of the guarantee will call upon the Group
                  under the guarantee, and (ii) the amount of that claim on the Group is expected to exceed the amount
                  currently carried in trade and other payables in respect of that guarantee i.e. the amount initially
                  recognised, less accumulated amortisation.

           (ii)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                  Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the
                  Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an
                  outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                  made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the
                  expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

                  Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                  estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                  economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                  occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                  unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
86   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          (t)   Employee benefits
                Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
                cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
                employees of the Group, except to the extent that they are included in the cost of property, plant and
                equipment and programming library not yet recognised as an expense. Where payment or settlement is
                deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

     2.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The HKICPA has issued several amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of
          the Group. None of these impact on the accounting policies of the Group. However, additional disclosure has been
          included in note 19(b) to satisfy the new disclosure requirements introduced by the amendments to HKAS 7,
          Statement of cash flows: Disclosure initiative, which requires entities to provide disclosures that enable users of
          consolidated financial statements to evaluate changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
          changes arising from cash flows and non-cash changes.

          Except for the early adoption of HKFRS 9 (2014), Financial Instruments, in last year, the Group has not applied any
          new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

     3.   REVENUE
          The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the
          Company are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

          Revenue comprises principally subscription, service and related fees for television, and internet and multimedia
          (including telephony) services. It also includes advertising revenue net of agency deductions, channel service and
          distribution fees, programme licensing income, film exhibition and distribution income, network maintenance income
          and other related income.

          The Group’s customer base is diversified and no single customer with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of
          the Group’s revenue. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk from customers.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                        87

4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services provided. The Group’s chief operating
     decision maker has determined two reportable operating segments for measuring performance and allocating
     resources. The segments are television, and internet and multimedia.

     The television segment includes operations related to the television subscription business, advertising, channel
     carriage, television relay service, programme licensing, network maintenance, and miscellaneous television related
     businesses.

     The internet and multimedia segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services, portal
     operation, mobile content licensing, telephony services as well as other internet access related businesses.

     The Group’s chief operating decision maker evaluates performance primarily based on earnings before interest,
     taxation, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) and segment results. The Group’s chief operating decision
     maker defines EBITDA to mean earnings before interest income, finance costs, impairment losses on investments,
     non-operating income/expenses, provision for income tax, depreciation of property, plant and equipment but after
     amortisation of programming library.

     Inter-segment pricing is generally determined at arm’s length basis.

     Segment assets principally comprise all tangible assets and current assets with the exception of interest in associate
     and deferred tax assets. Segment liabilities include all liabilities and interest-bearing borrowings directly attributable
     to and managed by each segment with the exception of current taxation and deferred tax liabilities.

     In addition to receiving segment information concerning EBITDA and segment results, management is provided with
     segment information concerning revenue (including inter-segment revenue).




                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
88   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
          Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s chief operating decision maker
          for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the years ended December 31,
          2017 and 2016 is set out below:

          Business segments

                                                    Television           Internet and Multimedia      Unallocated                Total
                                                  2017         2016            2017         2016     2017         2016       2017        2016
                                                HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

          Revenue from external customers       905,157     1,028,390      321,086      335,449     32,187      42,529    1,258,430      1,406,368

          Inter-segment revenue                    8,627      14,440           208          204      9,582       9,486      18,417         24,130

          Reportable segment revenue            913,784     1,042,830      321,294      335,653     41,769      52,015    1,276,847      1,430,498

          Reportable segment EBITDA
            before inter-segment elimination    (261,763)    (142,321)     117,046      138,457     (88,391)   (87,117)    (233,108)       (90,981)

          Reportable segment results
            before inter-segment elimination    (389,971)    (277,215)      43,182       61,506     (90,997)   (89,596)    (437,786)      (305,305)

          Inter-segment elimination                                                                                          (6,155)        (6,558)

          Loss from operations                                                                                             (443,941)      (311,863)
          Interest income                                                                                                        776             40
          Finance costs                                                                                                       (9,315)        (5,489)
          Non-operating income/(expenses)                                                                                    86,268            (556)
          Income tax credit                                                                                                    3,385          5,078

          Loss for the year                                                                                                (362,827)      (312,790)


          A reconciliation of reportable segment EBITDA to loss before taxation is provided as follows:

                                                                                                                  2017                    2016
                                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000


          Reportable segment EBITDA before inter-segment elimination                                            (233,108)                 (90,981)
          Depreciation                                                                                          (204,678)               (214,324)


          Reportable segment results before inter-segment elimination                                           (437,786)               (305,305)
          Inter-segment elimination                                                                               (6,155)                  (6,558)
          Interest income                                                                                            776                       40
          Finance costs                                                                                           (9,315)                  (5,489)
          Non-operating income/(expenses)                                                                         86,268                     (556)


          Loss before taxation                                                                                  (366,212)               (317,868)




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                            89

4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)


     Segment assets                                                                       2017              2016
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


     Television                                                                        1,190,625           847,929
     Internet and Multimedia                                                             484,062           351,290
     Unallocated assets                                                                   86,623           119,848


                                                                                       1,761,310         1,319,067


     Interest in associate                                                                     –                 –
     Deferred tax assets                                                                 303,472           306,467


                                                                                       2,064,782         1,625,534


     Segment liabilities                                                                  2017              2016
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


     Television                                                                          627,138           766,132
     Internet and Multimedia                                                             230,711           241,915
     Unallocated liabilities                                                              74,553           102,766


                                                                                         932,402         1,110,813
     Current taxation                                                                         86               113
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                              2,447             9,210


                                                                                         934,935         1,120,136


     Geographical segments
     No geographical segment information is shown as, during the years presented, less than 10% of the Group’s
     segment revenue, segment results, segment assets and segment liabilities are derived from activities conducted
     outside Hong Kong.




                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
90   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     5.   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
          Loss before taxation is stated after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                                                                            2017                    2016
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                 HK$’000


          Interest income
          Interest income from deposits with banks                                                                              (776)                      (40)

          Finance costs
          Interest expenses on borrowings                                                                                     9,315                      5,489

          Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments
          Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                               584,007                 627,746
          Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                            34,230                  35,181

          Other items
          Depreciation
            — assets held for use under operating leases                                                                    26,341                  27,247
            — other assets                                                                                                 178,337                 187,077
          Amortisation of programming library*                                                                             128,647                 109,579
          Impairment losses
            — trade and other receivables                                                                                     6,533                  2,800
            — property, plant and equipment                                                                                     387                    892
            — programming library                                                                                             3,691                    209
          Reversal of impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                                         (213)                  (248)
          Carrying amount of inventories consumed and sold                                                                    7,100                  7,440
          Write down of inventories                                                                                           2,960                    389
          Rentals payable under operating leases in respect of land and buildings                                            55,582                 61,631
          Auditor’s remuneration
            — audit services                                                                                                  2,410                      3,141
            — other services                                                                                                    482                         80
          Net foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                                                      378                       (726)
          Rentals receivable under operating leases in respect of
            — subleased land and buildings                                                                                    (1,756)                 (7,842)
            — owned plant and machinery                                                                                     (41,825)                (34,046)
          Non-operating (income)/expenses
            — gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15(b))                                                                 (71,508)                        –
            — net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  (14,760)                      556

          *     Amortisation of programming library is included within programming costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                  91

6.   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                 2017            2016
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


           Current tax — Overseas
           Provision for the year                                                                  383              542


                                                                                                   383              542


           Deferred tax (Note 26(b))
           Utilisation of prior years’ tax losses recognised                                      3,909           3,953
           Benefit of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                          (8,607)        (10,070)
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                        930             497


                                                                                                 (3,768)         (5,620)


           Income tax credit                                                                     (3,385)         (5,078)


           The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2016: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable
           profits for the year ended December 31, 2017. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries of the Company is charged
           at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant countries.

     (b)   Reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the applicable tax rate:

                                                                                                  2017            2016
                                                                                                    %               %


           Statutory income tax rate                                                              (16.5)          (16.5)
           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     0.3               –
           Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                          16.5            16.8
           Tax effect of previously recognised tax losses utilised                                   1.1             1.2
           Tax effect of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                          (2.4)           (3.2)
           Differential tax rate on subsidiaries’ income                                             0.1             0.1


           Effective income tax rate                                                               (0.9)            (1.6)




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
92   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     7.   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
          Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
          the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follow:

                                                                                                                        Discretionary
                                                                                                                            bonuses
                                                                                                                              and/or
                                                                                         Salaries   Retirement          performance
                                                                                        and other      scheme                 related          Total
          Name of directors                                              Fees            benefits contributions             bonuses      emoluments
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000               HK$’000         HK$’000


          2017:
          Non-executive Directors
          Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu
            (Chairman) (Note (i))                                             18                  –                 –               –               18
          Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
            (Vice-chairman) (Note (i))                                        18                  –                 –               –               18
          Dr. Cheng Chi-Kong, Adrian (Note (i))                               18                  –                 –               –               18
          Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (Note (i))                                18                  –                 –               –               18
          Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (Note (i))                                   18                  –                 –               –               18

          Executive Directors
          Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu (Note (ii))                                 18                 –                 –               –                18
          Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William (Note (iii))                               60             2,232               223           1,153             3,668

          Independent Non-executive Directors
          Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey (Note (iv))                               18                  –                 –               –               18
          Mr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                                             60                  –                 –               –               60
          Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                                             80                  –                 –               –               80
          Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                                          65                  –                 –               –               65

          Resigned Directors
          Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen
            (resigned w.e.f. September 15, 2017)                              42             1,376                  4          2,032             3,454
          Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul
            (resigned w.e.f. September 15, 2017)                              56                  –                 –               –               56
          Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick
            (resigned w.e.f. September 15, 2017)                              56                  –                 –               –               56


                                                                             545             3,608               227           3,185             7,565

          Notes:


          (i)      These non-executive directors of the Company were appointed with effect from September 15, 2017.


          (ii)     Mr. Andrew Wah Wai Chiu was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2017.


          (iii)    Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from March 1, 2018.


          (iv)     Mr. Lam Kin-Fung, Jeffrey was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2017.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                 2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                    93

7.   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
                                                                                                Discretionary
                                                                                                    bonuses
                                                                                                      and/or
                                                                     Salaries     Retirement    performance
                                                                   and other         scheme           related         Total
     Name of directors                                  Fees         benefits   contributions       bonuses     emoluments
                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000


     2016:
     Executive Directors
     Mr. Ng Tin Hoi Stephen                                60         1,947                5           2,875         4,887
     Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William                              60         2,234              223             930         3,447

     Non-executive Director
     Mr. Tsui Yiu Cheung, Paul                             80              –               –               –            80

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger                               80              –               –               –            80
     Mr. Wu Yung Wei Patrick                               80              –               –               –            80
     Mr. Hu Shao Ming Herman                               60              –               –               –            60
     Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman                            60              –               –               –            60


                                                          480         4,181              228           3,805         8,694


     There was no compensation for loss of office and/or inducement for joining the Group paid/payable to the directors
     of the Company in respect of the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016.

     Certain Director’s emoluments disclosed above were paid directly by the Company’s former intermediate holding
     company, The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”), (or its wholly-owned subsidiaries) to the relevant Director. Wharf
     recovered such costs from the Group by charging management fees (see Note 30(iv)).




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
94   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     8.   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
          MANAGEMENT
          (a) Five highest paid individuals
                Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2016: two) were Directors whose emoluments are
                disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2016: three) individuals
                are as follows:

                                                                                                   2017              2016
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


                Salaries and other benefits                                                         5,820             6,354
                Retirement scheme contributions                                                       156               234
                Discretionary bonuses and/or performance related bonuses                            1,668             2,109


                                                                                                    7,644             8,697


                The emoluments of the three (2016: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
                bands:

                                                                                                    2017               2016
                                                                                              Number of          Number of
                HK$                                                                           individuals        individuals


                1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                     1                 –
                2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                     –                 1
                2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                     1                 –
                3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                     1                 2


                                                                                                        3                 3




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                 95

8.   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (b) Emoluments of senior management
         The emoluments of the senior management of the Group, whose biographical details are set out in the
         “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” section of this annual report and including Mr. Ng
         Tin Hoi Stephen and Mr. Kwan Jut Ho, William, were within following bands:

                                                                                               2017                2016
                                                                                         Number of           Number of
         HK$                                                                             individuals         individuals


         Nil–1,000,000                                                                              2                 –
         1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                        1                 2
         2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                        –                 1
         3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                        2                 3
         3,500,001–4,000,000                                                                        1                 –
         4,500,001–5,000,000                                                                        –                 1


                                                                                                    6                 7


9.   LOSS PER SHARE
     (a) Basic loss per share
         The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
         of approximately HK$362,827,000 (2016: HK$312,790,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary
         shares of 3,585,393,489 (2016 restated: 2,474,160,252) at the end of the reporting period, calculated as
         follows:

         Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                2017              2016


         Issued ordinary shares at January 1                                          2,011,512,400     2,011,512,400
         Effect of open offer (Note 25(c)(ii))                                        1,324,793,242       462,647,852
         Effect of loan capitalisation (Note 25(c)(iii))                                249,087,847                 –


         Weighted average number of ordinary shares at December 31                    3,585,393,489     2,474,160,252


     (b) Diluted loss per share
         The calculation of diluted loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
         Company of approximately HK$362,827,000 (2016: HK$312,790,000) and the weighted average number of
         ordinary shares of 3,585,393,489 (2016 restated: 2,474,160,252) after adjusting for the effects of all dilutive
         potential ordinary shares.




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
96   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                       Network,
                                                     decoders,       Furniture,
                                                          cable       fixtures,   Leasehold land and buildings
                                                       modems             other      in Hong Kong and the
                                                  and television    equipment      People’s Republic of China
                                                    production      and motor            Long          Medium          Leasehold
                                                       systems        vehicles         leases           leases      improvements        Total
                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000

          Cost

          At January 1, 2016                          5,893,366       657,615            8,119           46,531          337,582     6,943,213
          Additions                                     227,697          7,747               –                 –            2,839      238,283
          Disposals                                      (99,199)       (3,904)              –                 –           (1,078)    (104,181)
          Reclassification to inventories                   (537)            –               –                 –                –          (537)
          Exchange reserve                                     –        (1,212)              –            (1,984)            (579)       (3,775)

          At December 31, 2016                        6,021,327       660,246            8,119           44,547          338,764     7,073,003

          At January 1, 2017                          6,021,327       660,246            8,119           44,547          338,764     7,073,003
          Additions                                     188,253          4,051               –                 –          15,996       208,300
          Disposals                                    (134,603)        (4,486)              –            (2,014)          (3,894)    (144,997)
          Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15(b))               –              –          (8,119)             (736)               –        (8,855)
          Reclassification to inventories                  (282)             –               –                 –                –          (282)
          Exchange reserve                                    –            715               –             1,185              346         2,246

          At December 31, 2017                        6,074,695       660,526                –           42,982          351,212     7,129,415

          Accumulated depreciation

          At January 1, 2016                          5,112,552       628,926            1,998           14,157          311,777     6,069,410
          Charge for the year                           194,665        12,805              203            1,521             5,130      214,324
          Impairment loss                                    892             –               –                –                 –           892
          Written back on disposals                      (97,995)       (3,872)              –                –            (1,078)    (102,945)
          Reclassification to inventories                   (388)            –               –                –                 –          (388)
          Exchange reserve                                     –        (1,184)              –             (723)             (422)       (2,329)

          At December 31, 2016                        5,209,726       636,675            2,201           14,955          315,407     6,178,964

          At January 1, 2017                          5,209,726       636,675            2,201           14,955          315,407     6,178,964
          Charge for the year                           187,041        10,265               50            1,445             5,877      204,678
          Impairment loss                                   387             –                –                –                 –           387
          Written back on disposals                    (134,042)       (4,482)               –             (484)           (3,098)    (142,106)
          Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15(b))               –             –           (2,251)            (262)                –        (2,513)
          Reclassification to inventories                  (245)            –                –                –                 –          (245)
          Exchange reserve                                    –           712                –              481               282         1,475

          At December 31, 2017                        5,262,867       643,170                –           16,135          318,468     6,240,640

          Net book value

          At December 31, 2017                          811,828         17,356               –           26,847           32,744      888,775

          At December 31, 2016                          811,601         23,571           5,918           29,592           23,357      894,039




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                  2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                             97

10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   Impairment loss results from loss recognised on abandonment of lost or damaged property, plant and equipment.
   In 2017, an impairment loss of approximately HK$387,000 (2016: HK$892,000) was recorded for decoders and
   cable modems which had become obsolete during normal usage or were leased to subscribers in the ordinary
   course of the television subscription and broadband internet access business, and had not been returned after the
   services were terminated.

   As at December 31, 2017, the net book value of property, plant and equipment of the Group held for use in
   operating leases were approximately HK$51,918,000 (2016: HK$45,661,000).

11. PROGRAMMING LIBRARY
                                                                                           2017              2016
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


   Cost
   At January 1                                                                          748,975           694,998
   Additions                                                                             114,608           122,564
   Written off                                                                            (91,196)          (68,587)


   At December 31                                                                        772,387           748,975


   Accumulated amortisation
   At January 1                                                                          579,668           538,467
   Charge for the year                                                                   128,647           109,579
   Impairment loss                                                                          3,691               209
   Written off                                                                            (91,196)          (68,587)


   At December 31                                                                        620,810           579,668


   Net book value
   At December 31                                                                        151,577           169,307


   The management of the Group undertook a review of its programming library to assess the recoverability of film
   rights. As a result of the assessment, an impairment loss of approximately HK$3,691,000 (2016: HK$209,000) was
   made for the year.




                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
98   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


          Cost

          At January 1                                                                                       2,062              3,767
          Disposal                                                                                            (844)            (1,705)


          At December 31                                                                                     1,218              2,062


          The useful lives of the club debentures are indefinite. Accordingly, no amortisation is charged to the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss of the Group during the current and the prior years. The Group completed its annual
          impairment test for the club debentures by comparing the fair values less costs of disposal of the club debentures
          to their carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period. No impairment loss was recognised during the year
          (2016: HK$Nil).

     13. INTEREST IN ASSOCIATE
          Details of the Group’s interest in associate are as follows:

                                                       Place of                                         Particulars of    Proportion of
                                    Form of business   incorporation/                              issued and paid up       ownership
          Name of associate         structure          operation            Principal activities               capital         interest


          FRM Film InvestCo LLC     Incorporated       State of Delaware,   Inactive               Capital contribution           30%
                                                         USA                                         US$25,000,000

          In respect of the year ended December 31, 2017, the Group has not taken into account the effect of transactions or
          events of the associate as the associate was inactive during the current year. Since the Group’s share of losses has
          already exceeded its interest in associate, the Group’s interest was recorded at HK$Nil (2016: HK$Nil) and no
          recognition of future losses is expected as the Group has no legal or constructive obligation in respect of such
          losses.




     i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                      99

14. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                         2017                     2016
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


   Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                                            39,006                  29,465
   Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries (Note 18)                                                                              –                  13,789


                                                                                                                          39,006                  43,254


15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
   (a) The following list contains only the particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and consolidated
        structured entities.


                                                     Place of                                                    Particulars of         Proportion of

                                                     incorporation/                                             issued capital,      ownership interest

        Name of company                              operation        Principal activities                         all fully paid    Directly      Indirectly


        Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited          Hong Kong        Advertising airtime and                 HK$2 divided into            –            100%
                                                                        programme licensing                    2 ordinary shares


        Hong Kong Cable News Express Limited         Hong Kong        Advertising airtime                    HK$20 divided into            –            100%
                                                                                                               2 ordinary shares


        Hong Kong Cable Television Limited (“HKC”)   Hong Kong        Television and Internet and   HK$750,000,000 divided into            –            100%
                                                                        Multimedia                  750,000,000 ordinary shares


        i-CABLE Entertainment Limited                Hong Kong        Programme production and       HK$10,000,000 divided into            –            100%
                                                                        channel operation            10,000,000 ordinary shares


        i-CABLE Network Limited                      Hong Kong        Network operation                     HK$102 divided into            –            100%
                                                                                                            100 ordinary shares
                                                                                                               and 2 non-voting            –            100%
                                                                                                                 deferred share


        i-CABLE Network Operations Limited           Hong Kong        Network operation                 HK$500,000 divided into            –            100%
                                                                                                        500,000 ordinary shares


        i-CABLE News Limited                         Hong Kong        Programme production and       HK$10,000,000 divided into            –            100%
                                                                        channel operation            10,000,000 ordinary shares


        i-CABLE Sports Limited                       Hong Kong        Programme production and       HK$10,000,000 divided into            –            100%
                                                                        channel operation            10,000,000 ordinary shares




                                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                        2017 Annual Report
100   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (a) (Continued)
                                                                 Place of                                                               Particulars of       Proportion of

                                                                 incorporation/                                                        issued capital,    ownership interest

                 Name of company                                 operation               Principal activities                            all fully paid   Directly      Indirectly


                 i-CABLE Telecom Limited                         Hong Kong               Telephony                                  HK$1 divided into           –            100%
                                                                                                                                      1 ordinary share


                 廣州市寬訊技術服務有限公司 *                                 The People’s Republic   Technical services                           HK$34,600,000             –            100%
                                                                   of China


                 Fantastic Television Limited (“FTL”)**          Hong Kong               Free television broadcasting          HK$10,000 divided into      14.9%                 –
                                                                                                                            9,999 ordinary shares and
                                                                                                                         1 non-voting preference share


                 Fantastic Entertainment Limited (“FEL”)**       Hong Kong               Programme production                       HK$1 divided into           –            14.9%
                                                                                           and acquisition                            1 ordinary share


                 International Distribution Limited (“IDL”)**    Hong Kong               Programme licensing                        HK$2 divided into           –            14.9%
                                                                                           and distribution                          2 ordinary shares


                 Sundream Motion Pictures Limited (“SMPL”)**     Hong Kong               Film production, distribution   HK$300,000,000 divided into            –            14.9%
                                                                                           and licensing                  300,000,000 ordinary shares

                 *         This entity is registered as a wholly foreign owned enterprise under the People’s Republic of China law and is not audited by KPMG.
                 **        The Company holds 1 non-voting preference share and 1,489 class “A” ordinary shares of FTL, which wholly owns the equity interests
                           in FEL, IDL and SMPL, while the remaining 4,255 class “B” ordinary shares of FTL and 4,255 class “C” ordinary shares of FTL are held
                           by two independent trustees respectively. The entities are consolidated by the Group in accordance with HKFRSs and the significant
                           accounting policies adopted by the Group as disclosed in Note 1. During the year, no non-controlling interests is recognised as the
                           entities’ distributable profits did not surpass the threshold for the other shareholders.


                 None of the Company’s subsidiaries or consolidated structured entities had issued any debt securities at the
                 end of the year or during the year.

                 The above table lists the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities which, in the opinion of
                 the Directors, principally affected the results of the year or formed a material portion of assets or liabilities of
                 the Group.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                           2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                              101

15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (b) Disposal of subsidiaries
        During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests in certain
        subsidiaries of the Company to third parties. The cash flows and the net assets of those subsidiaries were as
        follows:

                                                                                                            HK$’000


        Property, plant and equipment (Note 10)                                                                6,342


        Net assets disposed of                                                                                 6,342


        Consideration received                                                                               77,850
        Carrying amount of net assets disposed of                                                             (6,342)


        Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 5)                                                            71,508


        Analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents
          in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries:
        Consideration received                                                                               77,850


        Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents on disposal of subsidiaries                                  77,850


16. INVENTORIES
                                                                                           2017               2016
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


   Spare parts and consumables                                                               13,981          18,076




                                                          i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
102   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
           Trade and other receivables comprise:

                                                                                                        2017               2016
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


           Trade receivables                                                                            54,296             56,686
           Less: allowance for doubtful debts (Note 17(b))                                             (10,474)             (5,301)


                                                                                                        43,822             51,385
           Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                  38,187             34,926


                                                                                                        82,009             86,311


           (a)   An ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for doubtful debts), based on the invoice date is set
                 out as follows:

                                                                                                        2017               2016
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


                 0 to 30 days                                                                           14,673             16,530
                 31 to 60 days                                                                          11,352             15,421
                 61 to 90 days                                                                           7,606              8,524
                 Over 90 days                                                                           10,191             10,910


                                                                                                        43,822             51,385


                 The Group’s credit policy is set out in Note 27(a).

           (b)   Impairment losses in respect of trade receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group
                 is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade
                 receivables directly (see Note 1(q)(i)).

                 The movement in the allowance for doubtful debts during the year, including both specific and collective loss
                 components, is as follows:

                                                                                                        2017               2016
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Balance at beginning of the year                                                         5,301              5,450
                 Impairment loss for the year                                                             6,533              2,800
                 Reversal of impairment losses in prior year                                               (213)              (248)
                 Written off                                                                             (1,147)            (2,701)


                 Balance at end of the year                                                             10,474              5,301




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                 103

17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (c)   (i)    26% (2016: 11%) of the gross trade receivables related to the television and internet and multimedia
                access subscription businesses. There was no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to
                these trade receivables as the customer bases were widely dispersed in different sectors. The Group
                has given a credit term of 30 days to these customers. Impairment losses in respect of receivables
                arising from these subscription businesses are recognised once the receivable is overdue for more than
                90 days.

         (ii)   The ageing analysis of trade receivables that are neither individually nor collectively considered to be
                impaired are as follows:

                                                                                              2017               2016
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


                Not yet due                                                                     5,241             9,552


                Less than 1 month past due                                                     11,118           15,684
                1 to 3 months past due                                                         16,592           17,463
                3 to 6 months past due                                                          2,707            3,945
                Over 6 months past due                                                             10              449


                                                                                               30,427           37,541


                                                                                               35,668           47,093


   Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to trade receivables from advertising and programme
   distribution businesses that the Group had continuing business relationship and have a good track record with the
   Group. Impairment losses are recognised based on the credit history of the customers, and are made on balances
   overdue for a period of 90 to 270 days. Based on past experience, management believes that no impairment
   allowance is necessary in respect of these balances as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and
   the balances are still considered fully recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
   At December 31, 2016, the amounts due from fellow subsidiaries were unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on
   demand, and were arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group.




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
104   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      19. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
           (a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                                                        2017                   2016
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                HK$’000


                 Bank deposits and cash in the consolidated statement of
                   financial position                                                                                  584,744                105,814
                 Less: Security deposits with a bank*                                                                   (16,710)               (20,000)


                 Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                                     568,034                  85,814

                 *     The security deposits represent deposits made by subsidiaries of the Company to secure certain banking facilities granted to those
                       subsidiaries.


           (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                                           Interest-
                                                                                                                                            bearing
                                                                                                                                         borrowings
                                                                                                                                           HK$’000


                 At January 1, 2017                                                                                                           590,000

                 Changes from financing cash flows:
                 Drawdown of new bank loan                                                                                                    100,000

                 Drawdown of other borrowing                                                                                                  145,000
                 Repayment of other borrowing                                                                                                  (40,000)


                                                                                                                                              205,000
                 Other change:
                 Loan capitalisation (Note 25 (c)(iii))                                                                                      (300,000)


                 Net changes                                                                                                                   (95,000)

                 At December 31, 2017                                                                                                         495,000




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED             2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                               105

20. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   Trade and other payables comprise:

                                                                                              2017              2016
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Trade payables                                                                            17,150            59,135
   Accrued expenses and other payables                                                      235,771           239,758
   Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                              162,494           183,821


                                                                                            415,415           482,714


   An ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                              2017              2016
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   0 to 30 days                                                                                 9,594          17,012
   31 to 60 days                                                                                3,827          21,945
   61 to 90 days                                                                                  848          12,271
   Over 90 days                                                                                 2,881           7,907


                                                                                               17,150          59,135




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
106   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      21. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
           The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                 2017          2016
                                                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000


           Within one year or on demand
             Bank loan                                                                         395,000        295,000
             Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                                           –        295,000


                                                                                               395,000        590,000


           More than one year but within two years
            Loan from Wharf Finance*                                                           100,000               –


                                                                                               495,000        590,000

           *     The non-current interest-bearing borrowing was carried at amortised cost.


      22. AMOUNTS DUE TO FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
           At December 31, 2016, the amounts due to fellow subsidiaries were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
           demand, and were arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group.

      23. AMOUNT DUE TO IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
           At December 31, 2016, the amount due to immediate holding company was unsecured, interest-free and has no
           fixed terms of repayment, and was arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group.

      24. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                 2017          2016
                                                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000


           Accrued expenses and other payables                                                  21,068          8,068
           Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                             919            673


                                                                                                21,987          8,741




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED               2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                 107

25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
   (a) Movements in components of equity
       The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
       equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
       individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                                                                                   Capital and Reserves
                                                                             Share      Accumulated             Total
                                                                            capital          losses            equity
        Company                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


        Balance at January 1, 2016                                        6,857,599        (2,779,021)       4,078,578

        Change in equity for 2016:
        Loss and total comprehensive income for the year                          –        (1,100,357)      (1,100,357)


        Balance at December 31, 2016 and January 1, 2017                  6,857,599        (3,879,378)       2,978,221

        Changes in equity for 2017:
        Loss and total comprehensive income for the year                          –        (2,097,296)      (2,097,296)


        Shares issued under open offer (Note 25(c)(ii))                    704,029                  –          704,029
        Shares issued under loan capitalisation (Note 25(c)(iii))          300,000                  –          300,000
        Transaction costs incurred in respect of open offer                 (17,156)                –           (17,156)


        Balance at December 31, 2017                                      7,844,472        (5,976,674)       1,867,798


   (b) Dividends
       The board of the Directors (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended
       December 31, 2017 (2016: HK$Nil).




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
108   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
           (c) Share capital
                 (i)     Issued share capital

                                                                             2017                            2016
                                                                       Number                         Number
                                                                      of shares      HK$’000         of shares         HK$’000


                         Ordinary shares, issued and
                            fully paid:
                         At January 1                          2,011,512,400        6,857,599    2,011,512,400       6,857,599
                         Shares issued under open offer
                            (Note 25(c)(ii))                   3,352,520,666         704,029                 –                –
                         Shares issued under loan
                            capitalisation (Note 25(c)(iii))    841,987,090          300,000                 –                –
                         Transaction costs incurred
                          in respect of open offer                           –        (17,156)               –                –


                         At December 31                        6,206,020,156        7,844,472    2,011,512,400       6,857,599


                         In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
                         Company do not have a par value.

                         The holders of ordinary shares of the Company are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time
                         to time and are entitled to one vote per share at shareholders’ meetings of the Company. All ordinary
                         shares of the Company rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                 (ii)    Shares issued under open offer
                         During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company raised gross proceeds of approximately
                         HK$704 million by issuing 3,352,520,666 offer shares of the Company to the qualifying shareholders of
                         the Company at the offer price of HK$0.21 per offer share of the Company on the basis of five offer
                         shares of the Company for every three then existing shares of the Company. The net proceeds, after
                         deduction of related expenses, of approximately HK$687 million from the open offer is applied for the
                         purposes as disclosed in the circular of the Company dated May 12, 2017. The weighted average
                         number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculation of basic loss per share have been adjusted for
                         the bonus element of the open offer.

                 (iii)   Shares issued under loan capitalisation
                         During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company, HKC and Wharf Finance entered into the
                         loan capitalisation agreement pursuant to which Wharf Finance has agreed to effect the loan
                         capitalisation, whereby the loan capitalisation amount in the sum of HK$300 million under the facility
                         provided by Wharf Finance capitalised into 841,987,090 shares of the Company, at the issue price of
                         approximately HK$0.3563 per share of the Company issued to Wharf.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED             2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                      109

25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (d) Nature and purpose of reserves
       (i)    Special capital reserve
              The special capital reserve is non-distributable. In 2004, the issued share capital of a subsidiary under
              the Group was reduced (“Capital Reduction”) and the credit arising from the Capital Reduction was
              applied to eliminate the accumulated losses standing in the statement of profit or loss of that subsidiary
              as at September 30, 2004. An undertaking was given to the Court by the subsidiary in connection with
              the Capital Reduction (the “Undertaking”). Pursuant to the Undertaking, any future recoveries or
              reversals of provisions and depreciation made by the subsidiary in respect of certain assets (“relevant
              assets”) held by the subsidiary as at September 30, 2004 to the extent that such recoveries exceed the
              written down amounts of the relevant assets, up to an aggregate amount of HK$1,958,524,266 (“Limit”),
              will be credited to a special capital reserve. While any debt or liability of, or claim against, the subsidiary
              at the date of the Capital Reduction remains outstanding and the person entitled to the benefit thereof
              has not agreed, the special capital reserve shall not be treated as realised profits.

              The Limit may be reduced by the amount of any increase in the issued share capital of the subsidiary or
              upon a capitalisation of distributable reserves. The Limit may also be reduced after the disposal or other
              realisation of the relevant assets by the amount of the charge to provision or depreciation made in
              relation to such asset as at September 30, 2004 less reversal as a result of such disposal or realisation.
              In the event that the amount standing to the credit of the special capital reserve exceeds the Limit, the
              subsidiary shall be at liberty to transfer the amount of any such excess to the general reserves of the
              subsidiary, which shall become available for distribution. As at December 31, 2017, the Limit of the
              special capital reserve, as reduced by HK$2,306,863 (2016: HK$1,488,247) related to recoveries and
              reversals of provisions of the relevant assets, was HK$832,640,968 (2016: HK$834,947,831), and the
              amount standing to the credit of the special capital reserve was HK$13,984,483 (2016:
              HK$13,984,483).

       (ii)   Exchange reserve
              The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
              financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting
              policies set out in Note 1(o).

   (e) Distributability of reserves
       At December 31, 2017, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
       shareholders of the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies
       Ordinance, was HK$Nil (2016: HK$Nil).




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
110   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
           (f)   Capital management
                 The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
                 going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the Company and benefits for
                 other stakeholders of the Group, and to support the Group’s stability and growth, by pricing products and
                 services commensurately with the level of risk.

                 The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal capital structure
                 and shareholders return, taking into consideration the future of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and
                 projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic
                 investment opportunities.

                 The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic
                 conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
                 shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or new debt financing. The Group made no
                 changes to its capital management objectives, policies or processes during the years ended December 31,
                 2017 and December 31, 2016.

                 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.

      26. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
           (a) Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                       2017               2016
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Overseas taxation                                                                          86                113




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                               111

26. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (Continued)

   (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
        The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
        position of the Group and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                     Depreciation
                                                                    allowances in
                                                                        excess of
                                                                       the related            Tax
                                                                     depreciation          losses              Total
        Deferred tax arising from:                                       HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


        At January 1, 2016                                                  53,878        (345,515)          (291,637)
        Charged/(credited) to the consolidated statement
          of profit or loss (Note 6(a))                                         497            (6,117)         (5,620)


        At December 31, 2016                                                54,375        (351,632)          (297,257)


        At January 1, 2017                                                  54,375        (351,632)          (297,257)
        Charged/(credited) to the consolidated statement
          of profit or loss (Note 6(a))                                         930            (4,698)         (3,768)


        At December 31, 2017                                                55,305        (356,330)          (301,025)


                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


        Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement
          of financial position                                                           (303,472)          (306,467)
        Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement
          of financial position                                                                2,447            9,210


                                                                                          (301,025)          (297,257)


   (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised:
        The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of the following:

                                                                                            2017               2016
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


        Future benefit of tax losses                                                       534,166           470,059
        Impairment loss for bad and doubtful accounts                                          188                28


                                                                                           534,354           470,087




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
112   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s businesses.
           The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
           manage these risks are described below.

           (a) Credit risk
                 The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables. Management has a defined
                 credit policy in place with general credit terms ranging from 0 to 90 days in respect of television subscription,
                 and internet and multimedia services and from 0 to 270 days in respect of advertising services. The exposure
                 to credit risks is monitored on an ongoing basis. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk
                 from customers. Subscription revenue from customers is settled mainly in cash or via major credit cards.

           (b) Liquidity risk
                 Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding through an
                 adequate amount of committed credit facilities and its compliance with lending covenants. The Group’s
                 objective is to maintain a balance between the continuity of funding and the flexibility through use of bank
                 overdrafts and bank loans. As disclosed in Note 1(b), certain measures have been taken by the Directors to
                 mitigate the liquidity pressures faced by the Group.

                 The following table show the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities
                 at the end of the reporting period, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
                 payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
                 period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                        2017                                                              2016
                                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                             Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                                                 Carrying                                                          Carrying
                                                                                                           amount in the                                                      amount in the
                                                                                                   Total    consolidated                                              Total    consolidated
                                                                    Within     More than     contractual       statement          Within     More than          contractual      statement
                                                                 1 year or 1 year but less undiscounted       of financial     1 year or 1 year but less      undiscounted       of financial
                                                               on demand than 2 years          cash flow         position    on demand     than 2 years           cash flow         position
                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Trade payables                                    17,150              –         17,150           17,150        59,135                  –          59,135           59,135
                 Accrued expenses and other payables              235,771         21,068        256,839          256,839       239,758              8,068         247,826          247,826
                 Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits      162,494            919        163,413          163,413       183,821                673         184,494          184,494
                 Interest-bearing borrowings                      406,443        102,312        508,755          495,000       600,616                  –         600,616          590,000
                 Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                     –              –              –                –        26,129                  –          26,129           26,129
                 Amount due to immediate holding company                –              –              –                –         3,229                  –           3,229            3,229


                                                                  821,858        124,299        946,157          932,402      1,112,688             8,741        1,121,429        1,110,813




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                        2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                   113

27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (Continued)

   (c) Interest rate risk
        At December 31, 2017, the Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from the revolving loan of
        HK$100,000,000 from Wharf Finance and HK$395,000,000 from a banking facility. The loans at variable rates
        expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

        At December 31, 2017, the Group’s had time deposits with bank amounting to approximately HK$546,973,000
        with original maturities of 31 to 365 days.

        Apart from the foregoing, the Group has no other significant income-generating financial assets or interest-
        bearing financial liabilities. The Group’s revenue, expenses and cash flows are substantially independent of
        changes in market interest rates.

        Effective interest rates and repricing analysis
        In respect of income-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities, the following table
        indicates their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period and the periods in which they reprice:

                                                             Total                          Effective interest rate
                                                         2017               2016                2017                2016
        Interest rate risk                             HK$’000            HK$’000                   %                 %


        Floating rate:
        Cash at banks                                    37,174             85,814                   –                  –
        Interest-bearing borrowings                    (495,000)          (590,000)               1.82               1.35


                                                       (457,826)          (504,186)


        Fixed rate:
        Time deposits with banks                        546,973             20,000                0.79               0.63


        At December 31, 2017, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
        with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss before tax and
        increased/decreased the accumulated losses by approximately HK$4,578,000 (2016: HK$5,041,860).

        The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss before tax (and
        accumulated losses) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the change
        in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those
        financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
        reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-
        derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s loss
        before tax (and accumulated losses) and other components of consolidated equity is estimated as an
        annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed
        on the same basis for 2016.




                                                            i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
114   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           (Continued)

           (d) Currency risk
                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through trade and other receivables, bank deposits and cash,
                 and trade and other payables that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. currency other than the
                 functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currency giving rise to this risk is
                 primarily United States dollars.

                 In view of the Hong Kong dollar pegged to the United States dollar under the Linked Exchange Rate System
                 in Hong Kong, management does not expect that there will be any significant currency risk associated with
                 recognised assets and liabilities denominated in United States dollar. It is therefore assumed that the risk of
                 movements in exchange rates between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be
                 insignificant. Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis has been prepared.

           (e) Fair values of financial instruments
                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                 materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2016 and 2017.

      28. COMMITMENTS
           (a)   Capital commitments outstanding as at December 31, 2017 not provided for in the consolidated financial
                 statements of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                                       2017              2016
                                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


                 (i) Property, plant and equipment
                     — Authorised and contracted for                                                  15,504             17,595
                     — Authorised but not contracted for                                             264,822            210,733


                                                                                                     280,326            228,328


                 (ii) Programming and other commitments
                      — Authorised and contracted for                                                226,485            423,009
                      — Authorised but not contracted for                                             46,711             61,531


                                                                                                     273,196            484,540


                                                                                                     553,522            712,868




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                      115

28. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   At December 31, 2017, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are
         payable as follows:

                                                                                                  2017               2016
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000
         — Within one year                                                                        22,723             44,254
         — After one year but within five years                                                   25,592             25,385
         — After five years                                                                        1,322              7,246


                                                                                                  49,637             76,885


         (i)    Operating lease commitments
                The Group leases a number of premises under operating leases mainly for use as office premises, car
                parks and warehouses. The terms of the leases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run
                for an initial period of two to fifteen years (2016: two to fifteen years), with an option to renew the lease
                after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. Lease payments are usually adjusted every two
                to three years to reflect market rentals. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.

                Some of the leased properties have been sublet by the Group under operating leases. The terms of the
                subleases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run for an initial period of three years, with
                an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated.

                The Group leases out decoders to subscribers under operating leases which are renewable on a
                monthly basis. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.

         (ii)   Future operating lease income
                The total future minimum sublease payments receivable under non-cancellable subleases at December
                31, 2017 amounted to approximately HK$2,071,000 (2016: HK$3,436,000). The total future minimum
                lease payments receivable in respect of decoders under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                  2017               2016
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


                Within one year                                                                    3,388              3,505


   (c)   Funding commitment under television broadcasting licences are as follows:
         (i)  Upon acceptance of the renewal of the domestic pay television programme service licence of HKC on
              May 29, 2017 for the period of 12 years from June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2029, HKC has become subject
              to a commitment of a six-year investment plan of HK$3,447 million from 2017 to 2023, comprising
              HK$251 million of capital investment and HK$3,196 million of programming investment in content
              including in-house channels containing self-produced and/or acquired programmes as well as in
              acquired channels.




                                                              i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED            2017 Annual Report
116   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      28. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
           (c)    (Continued)
                  (ii)  In accordance with the terms of the domestic free television programme service licence issued to FTL (the
                        “Free TV Licence”), FTL has issued a performance bond in favour of the Hong Kong Government and
                        the balance as at December 31, 2017 was HK$10 million (2016: HK$20 million). Under the terms of the
                        performance bond, unless the Communications Authority otherwise approves or determines:

                       —     within 18 months from the commencement date of the Free TV Licence (being May 31, 2016) (the
                             “Free TV Commencement Date”), FTL should incur not less than HK$168 million as the capital and
                             programming expenditure for providing the domestic free television programme service;

                       —     within 30 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL shall incur not less than HK$336
                             million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                             television programme service; and

                       —     within 42 months from the Free TV Commencement Date, FTL shall incur not less than HK$504
                             million as the cumulative capital and programming expenditure for providing the domestic free
                             television programme service.

      29. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
           As at December 31, 2017, there were contingent liabilities in respect of the following:

           (i)    The Company has undertaken to provide financial support to certain of its subsidiaries in order to enable them
                  to continue to operate as going concerns.

           (ii)   Guarantees and indemnities have been provided by the Company to a bank and Wharf Finance totally of
                  HK$500,000,000 (2016: HK$806,000,000) in respect of overdraft and guarantee facilities to the wholly-owned
                  subsidiaries of the Company. Of this amount, at December 31, 2017, HK$495,000,000 (2016:
                  HK$590,000,000) was utilised by the subsidiaries of the Company.

           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has provided two separate guarantees to a bank and Wharf
           Finance in respect of loan facilities granted to two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. As at December 31,
           2017, the Directors did not consider it probable that a claim would be made against the Company under any of the
           guarantee. The maximum exposure of the Company at the end of the reporting period under the guarantees and
           indemnities was the amount of facilities drawn down by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company amounted
           to HK$495,000,000 (2016: HK$590,000,000).

           For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Group has not recognised any deferred income in respect
           of the guarantee as its fair value cannot be reliably measured using observable market data and its transaction price
           was HK$Nil.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    117

30. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements of the
   Group, the Group entered into the following material related party transactions during the year ended December 31,
   2017:

                                                                                                                              2017               2016
                                                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


   Rentals payable and related management fees on land and buildings (Note (i))                                              33,171              55,486
   Rentals receivable on land and buildings (Note (ii))                                                                           –               (6,424)
   Network repairs and maintenance services charges (Note (iii))                                                                  –               (7,069)
   Management fees (Note (iv))                                                                                                6,036                8,960
   Computer services (Note (v))                                                                                                   –                  523
   Leased line and Public Non-Exclusive Telecommunications
     Service (“PNETS”) charges and international bandwidth
     access charges (Note (vi))                                                                                                   –                5,132
   Telephony services fees (Note (vii))                                                                                           –                8,081

   Notes:


   (i)      These represented rentals and related management fees paid to former fellow subsidiaries in respect of office premises, car parks and
            warehouses. As at December 31, 2016, rental deposits paid to former fellow subsidiaries amounted to HK$12,507,509.


   (ii)     This represented rentals received from former fellow subsidiaries in respect of the lease of office premises.


   (iii)    This represented service charges received from a former fellow subsidiary in relation to the operation, repair and maintenance of ducts, cables
            and ancillary equipment.


   (iv)     This represented fees incurred by a former fellow subsidiary on the Group’s behalf which were recharged to the Group.


   (v)      This represented service charges paid to former fellow subsidiaries for computer system maintenance and consulting services provided.


   (vi)     These represented service fees paid to a former fellow subsidiary in respect of the leasing of datalines, PNETS charges and international
            bandwidth access charges incurred.


   (vii)    This represented service charges paid to a former fellow subsidiary in relation to the telephony services.


   On November 9, 2016, Wharf disposed of the entire equity interests in Wharf T&T Limited (“WT&T”). Accordingly,
   the income and expenses which come from WT&T was no longer included into the material related party
   transactions since the disposal.

   In September 2017, Wharf and its subsidiaries and affiliates ceased to be related parties of the Group. Accordingly,
   the transactions with Wharf or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates were no longer included into the material related
   party transactions.

   On December 12, 2016, Wharf Finance granted a revolving loan facility of HK$400,000,000 to a subsidiary of the
   Company on January 1, 2017 with an original maturity date of December 31, 2017. During the year ended
   December 31, 2017, the amount of loan facility under the Wharf Facility was revised from HK$400,000,000 to
   HK$100,000,000 and the final maturity date was extended to December 31, 2019. During the year ended
   December 31, 2017, finance costs paid to Wharf Finance was approximately HK$2,976,000 (2016: HK$2,849,000).




                                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                     2017 Annual Report
118   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      30. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           The above material related party transactions include amounts which also constitute connected transactions as
           defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
           provided in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under the Report of the Directors.


           Key management personnel remuneration
           Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the Company’s Directors as disclosed in
           Note 7 and other members of key management of the Group, is as follows:

                                                                                                     2017        2016
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


           Short-term employee benefits                                                              12,946      20,318
           Post-employment benefits                                                                     407         586


                                                                                                     13,353      20,904


      31. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
           Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to current year’s presentation.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED         2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                           119

32. COMPANY LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         2017              2016
                                                                         Note          HK$’000           HK$’000


   Non-current assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                                           15(a)                9                9
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                      2,460,411        4,317,828


                                                                                      2,460,420        4,317,837


   Current assets
   Prepayments and other receivables                                                      1,667                1
   Amount due from a subsidiary                                                          36,000                –
   Bank deposits and cash                                                               552,635           16,355


                                                                                        590,302           16,356


   Current liabilities
   Accrued expenses and other payables                                                    1,800            1,196
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        1,181,124        1,349,637
   Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                                         –            5,139


                                                                                      1,182,924        1,355,972


   Net current liabilities                                                             (592,622)       (1,339,616)


   NET ASSETS                                                                         1,867,798        2,978,221


   Capital and reserves                                                  25(a)
     Share capital                                                                    7,844,472         6,857,599
     Reserves                                                                        (5,976,674)       (3,879,378)


   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       1,867,798        2,978,221


   Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 22, 2018.




   Tan Sri Dato’ David Chiu                     Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
   Director                                     Director




                                                         i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED        2017 Annual Report
120   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      33. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
           Management considers the key source of estimation uncertainty lies in the recognition of deferred tax assets from
           unused tax losses. As explained in Note 1(n), all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that future
           taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised, are recognised. It is possible that adverse
           changes to the operating environment or the Group’s organisation structure could cause a future write-down of the
           deferred tax assets recognised.

           Apart from deferred tax assets, management also makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
           amounts of other assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Notes
           1(c), 1(e), 1(g)(i), 1(h), 1(i), 1(j), 1(q), and 27(e) contain information about the assumptions and risk factors relating to
           useful lives of property, plant and equipment, net realisable value of commissioned programmes, films rights,
           perpetual film rights and films in progress, impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets,
           inventories, financial assets at amortised cost and amounts due from subsidiaries on company level statement of
           financial position.

           The useful lives of property, plant and equipment are estimated at the time such assets are acquired and are based
           on historical experience with similar assets, also taking into account the anticipated technological or industrial
           changes in order to determine the amount of depreciation expense to be recorded during any reporting period. If
           these changes were to occur more rapidly than anticipated or in a different form than anticipated, the useful lives
           assigned to these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the recognition of increased depreciation expense
           in future periods.

           Net realisable values of commissioned programmes, films rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress are
           estimated based on the projected future revenue to be derived from all applicable territories and windows less cost
           of disposal, taking into account historical performances of films and programmes with comparable budgets, casts,
           or other relevant qualities. Impairment is made for carrying costs that are in excess of the expected future revenue
           to be generated by these programmes and films. Films in progress are stated at cost less any impairment, taking
           into account the project status and estimated realisable value. If revenue actually generated were to fall short of
           forecasts, or there are changes in total projected ultimate gross revenues, amortisation may need to be increased,
           or impairment may need to be made to reduce the carrying value of individual programme or film to its realisable
           amount.

           Property, plant and equipment, inventories, intangible assets, various financial assets at amortised cost and
           amounts due from subsidiaries on company level statement of financial position, are reviewed for impairment
           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may exceed the realisable value.
           If any such indication exists, the asset’s realisable value is estimated and an impairment loss is recognised.

           The value in use of property, plant and equipment, and amounts due from subsidiaries on company level statement
           of financial position represent the amounts that these assets are expected to generate based on reasonable and
           supportable assumptions. The value of financial assets at amortised cost are calculated based on estimated future
           cash flows considering reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or
           effort, including historical experience, informed credit assessment and forward-looking information.

           Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                    121

34. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017
   Up to the date of issue of the consolidated financial statements of the Group, the HKICPA has issued a number of
   amendments, new standards and interpretations which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2017
   and which have not been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. These include the following which
   may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                   Effective for
                                                                                                   accounting periods
                                                                                                   beginning on or after


   HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers                                                 January 1, 2018
   HKFRS 16, Leases                                                                                January 1, 2019
   HK(IFRIC) 23, Uncertainty over income tax treatments                                            January 1, 2019

   The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments, new standards
   and interpretations is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far the Group has identified some aspects
   of the new standards which may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
   Further details of the expected impacts are discussed below. While the assessment has been substantially
   completed for HKFRS 15, the actual impacts upon the initial adoption of the standards may differ as the assessment
   completed to date is based on the information currently available to the Group, and further impacts may be
   identified before the standards are initially applied in the Group’s interim financial report for the six months ended
   June 30, 2018. The Group may also change its accounting policy elections, including the transition options, until the
   standards are initially applied in that financial report.

   HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers
   HKFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue from contracts with customers. HKFRS
   15 will replace the existing revenue standards, HKAS 18, Revenue, which covers revenue arising from sale of goods
   and rendering of services, and HKAS 11, Construction contracts, which specifies the accounting for revenue from
   construction contracts.

   Based on the assessment completed to date, the Group has identified that the timing of revenue recognition is
   expected to be affected.

   The Group’s revenue recognition policies are disclosed in Note 1(l). Currently, revenue arising from the installation
   services are generally recognised upon completion of the related installation works whereas revenue from licensing
   of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes.




                                                             i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
122   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      34. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
          ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017
           (Continued)

           HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains control of the promised good or service in the
           contract. HKFRS 15 identifies 3 situations in which control of the promised good or service is regarded as being
           transferred over time:

           (i)     When the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity’s performance,
                   as the entity performs;

           (ii)    When the entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset (for example work in progress) that the customer
                   controls as the asset is created or enhanced; and

           (iii)   When the entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has
                   an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

           If the contract terms and the entity’s activities do not fall into any of these 3 situations, then under HKFRS 15 the
           entity recognises revenue for the sale of that good or service at a single point in time, being when control has
           passed. Transfer of risks and rewards of ownership is only one of the indicators that will be considered in
           determining when the transfer of control occurs.

           The Group has assessed that the new revenue standard is not likely to have significant impact on how it recognises
           revenue from installation services and licensing of television rights. However, commission expenses to staff is
           expected to be affected. Currently, the Group recognises commission expenses when the staff is entitled. The
           Group has assessed that under the transfer-of-control approach in the new standard, commission expenses will
           generally be recognised in accordance with the duration of sales contract, which will fall into category (i). This may
           result in commission expenses being recognised later than at present.

           The Group plans to elect to use the cumulative effect transition method for the adoption of HKFRS 15 and will
           recognise the cumulative effect of initial application as an adjustment to the opening balance of equity at January 1,
           2018. As allowed by HKFRS 15, the Group plans to apply the new requirements only to contracts that are not
           completed before January 1, 2018. Since the number of “open” contracts for installation services and licensing of
           television rights at December 31, 2017 is limited, the Group expects that the transition adjustment to be made upon
           the initial adoption of HKFRS 15 will not be material. However, the expected changes in accounting policies of the
           recognition of commission expenses as described above could have a material impact on the Group’s financial
           results from 2018 onwards.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED          2017 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                       123

34. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017
   (Continued)

   HKFRS 16, Leases
   As disclosed in Note 1(f), currently the Group classifies leases into finance leases and operating leases and accounts
   for the lease arrangements differently, depending on the classification of the lease. The Group enters into some
   leases as the lessor and others as the lessee.

   HKFRS 16 is not expected to impact significantly on the way that lessors account for their rights and obligations
   under a lease. However, once HKFRS 16 is adopted, lessees will no longer distinguish between finance leases and
   operating leases. Instead, subject to practical expedients, lessees will account for all leases in a similar way to
   current finance lease accounting, i.e. at the commencement date of the lease the lessee will recognise and measure
   a lease liability at the present value of the minimum future lease payments and will recognise a corresponding “right-
   of-use” asset. After initial recognition of this asset and liability, the lessee will recognise interest expense accrued on
   the outstanding balance of the lease liability, and the depreciation of the right-of-use asset, instead of the current
   policy of recognising rental expenses incurred under operating leases on a systematic basis over the lease term. As
   a practical expedient, the lessee can elect not to apply this accounting model to short-term leases (i.e. where the
   lease term is 12 months or less) and to leases of low-value assets, in which case the rental expenses would
   continue to be recognised on a systematic basis over the lease term.

   HKFRS 16 will primarily affect the Group’s accounting as a lessee of leases for properties, plant and equipment
   which are currently classified as operating leases. The application of the new accounting model is expected to lead
   to an increase in both assets and liabilities and to impact on the timing of the expense recognition in the statement
   of profit or loss over the period of the lease.

   HKFRS 16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019.

35. APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The consolidated financial statements of the Group were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
   Directors on March 22, 2018.




                                                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED           2017 Annual Report
124   FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      (Expressed in HK$ million)


                                                                     2013                2014                 2015                2016                2017

      Results

      Revenue                                                        1,932               1,666               1,510               1,406                1,258
      Operating expenses                                            (2,020)             (1,804)             (1,752)             (1,718)              (1,702)

      Loss from operations                                              (88)              (138)                (242)               (312)               (444)
      Interest income                                                      1                  –                    –                   –                   1
      Finance costs                                                       (3)                (1)                  (3)                 (5)                 (9)
      Non-operating (expenses)/income                                      –                  –                   (1)                 (1)                86

      Loss before taxation                                              (90)              (139)                (246)               (318)               (366)
      Income tax (charge)/credit                                          (3)                –                   13                   5                   3

      Loss for the year                                                 (93)              (139)                (233)               (313)               (363)

      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                              (93)              (139)                (233)               (313)               (363)

      Assets and Liabilities

      Property, plant and equipment                                    934                 893                 874                  894                 889
      Programming library                                              138                 168                 156                  169                 152
      Intangible assets                                                  4                   4                   4                    2                   1
      Interest in associate                                              –                   –                   –                    –                   –
      Deferred tax assets                                              311                 303                 309                  306                 303
      Other non-current assets                                          56                  58                  63                   43                  39
      Current assets                                                   331                 243                 193                  211                 681

      Total assets                                                  1,774                1,669               1,599               1,625               2,065

      Current liabilities                                              539                 582                 754               1,102                  811
      Deferred tax liabilities                                          34                  25                  17                   9                    2
      Other non-current liabilities                                      8                   9                   9                   9                  122

      Total liabilities                                                581                 616                 780               1,120                  935

      Share capital: nominal value                                  2,012                     –                    –                   –                   –
      Other statutory capital reserves                              4,846                     –                    –                   –                   –

      Share capital and other statutory
        capital reserves                                             6,858               6,858               6,858               6,858                7,844
      Reserves                                                      (5,665)             (5,805)             (6,039)             (6,353)              (6,714)

      Total equity attributable to equity
        shareholders of the Company                                 1,193                1,053                 819                  505              1,130

      Total liabilities and equity                                  1,774                1,669               1,599               1,625               2,065

      Note:

      As the term “share capital” includes share premium account and capital redemption reserve from the commencement date of the new Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance of March 3, 2014, but not before that date, presentation of “capital and reserves” has been revised by providing further breakdown in
      order to be consistent with both the old and new terminology.




      i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED                  2017 Annual Report
