                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                                                                                 STOCK CODE: 1097




                                                                                                                                  2016
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT




                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                             STOCK CODE: 1097




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2016




CABLE TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong
www.i-cablecomm.com
CONTENTS

02 Results Highlights                     26 Report of the Directors

03 Corporate Information                  40 Independent Auditor’s Report

04 Chairman’s Statement                   48 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

05 Business Review                        48 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                               and Other Comprehensive Income
07 Business Model
                                          49 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
07 Business Strategy
                                          50 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
08 Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report                               51 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

13 Financial Review                       52 Notes to the Financial Statements

14 Corporate Governance Report            92 Five-year Financial Summary
   RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS
   •       A weak advertising market and harsh competition in the subscription business continued to put pressure on the
           Group’s performance.
   •       The decline in airtime and subscription revenues eroded EBITDA further, despite lower operating expenses as a
           result of stringent cost control.
   •       ARPU continued to improve but fell short of arresting the subscription revenue erosion caused by subscriber base
           contraction.
   •       Contraction of broadband subscribers slowed in the second half of 2016. Monthly broadband revenue stabilised.
   •       The current Pay TV licence expires at the end of May 2017. Government has agreed to grant a new licence for 12
           years. Final terms of the new licence are under negotiation.
   •       Affiliate Fantastic is in final preparation to launch a Cantonese channel in May 2017 under its Free TV licence.
   •       Recurrent losses have significantly weakened the liquidity position and increased the dependency on external
           financing, currently short term in tenor. Net cash outflow is budgeted to continue in 2017.
   •       Caution will be exercised over investment in programming across platforms, HD/OTT upgrades, customer service
           improvement, GPON for higher speed broadband service, as well as new marketing and media initiatives.



   CUSTOMERS
                                                                                               December 2016              December 2015

   Television                                                                                             909,000                   951,000
   Broadband                                                                                              156,000                   171,000
   Telephony                                                                                               95,000                   100,000



   VIEWERSHIP
   Viewing Share Among Pay TV Operators                              Viewing Share Among All TV Operators
   (All Individuals aged 4+, All Day All Time)                       (CABLE TV Subs aged 4+, All Day All Time)




      Source:        Nielsen (Jan–Dec 2016)                             Source:      Nielsen (Jan–Dec 2016)
     1       Overall CABLE TV (via STB & SMATV)                        1     Overall CABLE TV (via STB & SMATV)
     2       Excluded All TVBNV channels via Now TV STB                2     Included TVB Jade (Analog+DTT81), TVB-J2 (DTT82), TVB-iNews
     3       Included All TVBNV channels via Now TV STB                      (DTT83), TVB Pearl (Analog+DTT84), TVB-HD Jade/TVB J5 (DTT85)
                                                                       3     Excluded all TVBNV channels via Now TV STB
                                                                       4     Included all TVBNV channels via Now TV STB
                                                                       5     Included ATV all channels, RTHK all channels, Viu TV & others

02 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Stephen T H Ng        Chairman & Chief Executive Officer   The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
William J H Kwan      Chief Financial Officer
Paul Y C Tsui
                                                           REGISTRARS
Independent Non-executive Directors
Herman S M Hu, BBS, JP                                     Tricor Tengis Limited
Roger K H Luk, BBS, JP                                     Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Sherman S M Tang                                           Hong Kong
Patrick Y W Wu

                                                           REGISTERED OFFICE
GROUP EXECUTIVES                                           16th Floor, Ocean Centre, Harbour City, Canton Road,
Stephen T H Ng   Chairman & Chief Executive Officer        Kowloon, Hong Kong
William J H Kwan Director & Chief Financial Officer        Telephone: (852) 2118 8118
Ronald Y C Chiu  Executive Director,                       Fax: (852) 2118 8018
                 i-CABLE News Limited and
                 i-CABLE Sports Limited
Samuel C C Tsang Executive Director,                       PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ADDRESS
                 i-CABLE Entertainment Limited and
                                                           Cable TV Tower,
                 Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited
                                                           9 Hoi Shing Road,
Raymond W M Chan Vice President,
                                                           Tsuen Wan,
                 Network Operations,
                                                           Hong Kong
                 Hong Kong Cable Television Limited
Yvonne Yung      Assistant Vice President,
                 Subscription Marketing and Sales,
                                                           CORPORATE WEBSITE
                 Hong Kong Cable Television Limited
                                                           www.i-cablecomm.com

COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           ENQUIRIES
Kevin C Y Hui, FCCA, HKICPA
                                                           info@i-cablecomm.com

AUDITORS
KPMG, Certified Public Accountants




                                                                        i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   03
   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
   Dear Shareholders,

   When we launched Hong Kong’s first multi-channel pay TV service some 23 years ago, on October 31, 1993, we had not
   anticipated each and every challenge we would overcome eventually, no matter how insurmountable they first appeared
   to be.

   Our number one competitor then was, and still is, TVB the dominant broadcaster in Hong Kong. They have come out
   stronger over the years, with many more free and pay TV channels under their roof and a huge advantage in terms of their
   scale and their ability to attract eyeballs, creative talent and advertising dollars. Yet they also have had their fair share of
   not-so-successful endeavours, such as when they finally decided to surrender their pay TV licence after some 16 years.

   After over 200,000 hours of non-stop broadcast, we have learned a lot, which has prepared us to go beyond pay TV and
   set our foot in the free TV arena. Our affiliate, Fantastic TV, has started the countdown to launch its Cantonese free TV
   channel in May 2017.

   By sharing our creative, production as well as network expertise with Fantastic, we can more effectively build scale in
   programme production/acquisition and in airtime sales, through more buying and selling power, more operational
   efficiency, as well as access to a bigger pool of talents and new ideas. A broader outlook will help us stay much closer to
   the market and to respond to changes more effectively and take initiatives early on. The collaboration between CABLE TV
   and Fantastic TV will also enhance their respective brandings and programme appeal through cross promotions.

   As we reform our content provision business along the direction above, we are at the same time rebuilding our service
   provision businesses. These include investment in new media channels to view our content anytime anywhere; in GPON
   network to provide higher speed broadband services; in brand image and marketing through enhanced communications
   with existing and prospective customers; as well as in customer service and support through improvements in policies/
   procedures and new channels for customer enquiries and interactions.

   On the licence front, our pay TV licence is expiring in May 2017 and Government has already offered to grant a new
   licence for 12 years. Final terms of the new licence are under negotiation.

   On the financial front, recurrent losses in recent years have significantly weakened our liquidity position and increased our
   dependency on external financing, currently short term in nature. We will exercise additional caution over investment to
   rebuild the business.

   As we rebuild the Group for the future, we are thankful for your patience and support. We look forward to sharing the
   rewards ahead with you.




   Stephen T H Ng
   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

   Hong Kong, March 15, 2017




04 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
BUSINESS REVIEW
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
In 2016, the Group’s financial performance was affected by the decline of advertising and subscription revenues due to
the weak advertising market as well as the challenges of subscription businesses.

During the year, Hong Kong’s TV industry was in transition, led by free-to-air channels. ViuTV launched its Cantonese
channel in April. ATV had gone off the air, ending its 59-year run as the world’s oldest Chinese-language broadcaster.
Finally, in May 2016, a licence was granted to our affiliate Fantastic Television Limited with a validity period of 12 years
until May 30, 2028, subject to a mid-term review around 2022.

The pay TV industry is also changing fast, as LeEco and Netflix launched their OTT services with mixed review and TVB
Network Vision applied to surrender its pay TV licence, moving its entire operations over to OTT. On our part, we launched
our FANhub HD/OTT service, which was meeting our expectations.



TELEVISION SERVICES
Advertisers were more prudent in campaigns as a result of the downtrend in local retail sales. This had a material impact
on our airtime sales. To mitigate, we adopted flexible pricing, offered quality TVC production and bundled sales with digital
platform to enhance the stickiness with advertisers. The extension of Kwun Tong line to Ho Man Tin and Whampoa as
well as the launch of South Island line should give a boost to airtime sales on MTR In-train TV.

Subscription ARPU continued its growth trend. However, subscription revenue erosion remained in 2016 as a result of
customer base contraction. New business initiatives are being launched to contain customer attrition.

FANhub, launched in early 2016, is an enhanced Pay TV service with a full featured, “video-on-demand”, open platform
and app-enabled HD set top box to enrich customer experience. Our marketing team is promoting this service to facilitate
customer retention, acquisition as well as upselling, and the take up rate is satisfactory.

We have been continuously working on the enrichment of our HD channel portfolio. Two popular entertainment channels
“RTL CBS Entertainment HD” and “RTL CBS Extreme HD” were launched in September, bringing customers 24-hour, all-
rounded entertainment in English with Chinese subtitles. Ten other acquired channels had been upgraded to HD.

The enhanced i-CABLE mobile app to offer a multi-screen platform was launched. Our multi-screen strategy will enable
customers to enjoy content across different devices anytime and anywhere.

During the year, we were awarded the certification of ISO 9001 and ISO 10002, the first pay TV operator in Hong Kong to
have attained both certification standards. This demonstrates the Group’s commitment to deliver quality excellence to our
customers.

On December 13, 2016, the Government announced that the Chief Executive in Council had approved the application for
renewal of the domestic pay TV programme service licence of Hong Kong Cable Television Limited for a validity period of
12 years from June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2029. Final terms of the new licence are under negotiation.



INTERNET & MULTIMEDIA
Broadband revenue stabilised towards the end of 2016 as a result of a moderate increase in various subscription price
points despite contraction of customer base, which also stabilized at the end of 2016.

Network enhancement to higher-speed broadband GPON service was progressing on track with over 400,000 homes
passed at the end of 2016. We will accelerate GPON coverage in the coming year. The faster and more reliable
broadband service will strengthen our competitiveness.


                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   05
   BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

   PROGRAMMING
   The Group strived to offer diversified and quality programmes to our viewers and maintained our market position in the
   industry.

   Our movie acquisition strategy focuses on the local market by offering a wide range of choices to movie fans, including
   both mass-appealing and critically acclaimed titles: “From Vegas to Macau III” ( 賭城風雲 3) was one of the top three
   grossing local films in 2016 and “Port of Call” ( 踏血尋梅 ) had won various film awards based on a local tragedy.

   Entertainment platform’s self-produced programmes are distinctive, innovative and fused with local flavor. The pet reality
   programme, “Dogs Savior” (寵 物 狗 救 星) highlighted dog rehabilitation. Our latest original travelogue “Trips with Kids” (帶
   阿B 去 旅 行) hosted by popular artistes, earned good publicity and received critically acclaimed tribute. These
   programmes also scored high ranks in TV Programme Appreciation Index Survey.

   Acquired dramas remained a popular choice of our viewers. Our drama slate comprised different genres from tearjerker to
   romantic comedy, suspense to family-oriented to cater for the needs of drama lovers. Korean family drama continued to
   attract eye-balls this year, “Only You My Love” (真的愛你 ) and “Don’t Make Her Cry” (活出彩虹 ) ranked amongst the
   highest viewership entertainment programmes on the platform. We will keep sourcing popular drama from the region for
   our viewers.

   Following the successful launch of HD News channel, our Finance and Information channel was also upgraded to HD
   during the year. Our news continued to be top ranked in media credibility and is well respected by different stakeholders
   in Hong Kong. We will compete with mainstream media on public trust and credibility and digital media on timeliness.

   Sports remained our focus, with exclusive games of UEFA Champions League, along with German Bundesliga, Japanese
   J League and popular coverage of horse racing and other sports events.



   PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES FACED BY THE GROUP
   The following principal risks and uncertainties are considered to be of significance and have the potential to affect the
   Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial conditions. However, this is non-exhaustive as there may be other
   risks and uncertainties arising, resulting from changes in the economy and other conditions over time.

   The television segment is experiencing intense competition in a crowded marketplace with a super dominant operator and
   changing user behavior. A wider range of contents is available on new platforms and various mobile devices for users to
   select and view anytime and anywhere. An abundant supply of contents intensified competition, which further weakened
   the demand for our subscription content. At the same time, the much keener competition for content has raised costs.
   They combine to weaken the Group’s operating results. Nevertheless, the Group will make prudent and necessary
   investment in content and infrastructure, including the launch of FANhub, enhancement of HD channels as well as multi-
   screen strategy to strengthen our competitiveness. The launch of Fantastic TV in May 2017 would leverage on the
   Group’s production expertise and broadcasting infrastructure and develop a new revenue stream while reinforcing its
   reputation in the industry.




06 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES FACED BY THE GROUP (Continued)
Internet & Multi-media segment is faced with fast changing technology and customers are constantly demanding for
better quality and higher-speed Internet service. The Group’s operations depend on its ability to innovate and the
successful deployment of new technologies. The Group is accelerating its network enhancement to higher-speed
broadband services GPON, bringing better quality service to the customers. The enhancement would strengthen our
competitiveness and bring in revenue growth potential.

Recurrent losses have weakened the Group’s financial position and increased its dependency on external financing. The
current credit facilities are short term in tenor and less stable. Longer term financing will be explored to support operating
cash flow and capital expenditure.



OUTLOOK
Initiatives to contain costs have been more effective than those to improve revenues. New initiatives will be introduced in
2017 but they may or may not produce the results that we need.

Against that backdrop, the Group will exercise additional prudence in continuing to invest in programming across
platforms, HD/OTT upgrades, customer service improvement, GPON for higher speed broadband service, as well as new
marketing and media initiatives to sharpen our competitiveness.

The Fantastic TV team is preparing for the launch of its integrated Cantonese channel in May 2017. This will supplement
our existing services and enhance our overall competitiveness.



BUSINESS MODEL
i-CABLE Communications Limited is an integrated communications services provider in Hong Kong, commanding a large
and influential television viewer and communications service user base in town.

It owns and operates a near universal wireline telecommunications network in Hong Kong to provide Television,
Broadband, Telephony and multimedia services to over two million households.

It is also one of the largest producers of television, film and multimedia content based in Hong Kong for distribution over
conventional and new media, with a particular focus on news, information, sports and entertainment.



BUSINESS STRATEGY
The Group endeavours to sharpen its services to attain higher customer satisfaction, which in turn drives business and
revenue performance. Specifically, the Group pursues the following:

(a)   acquire, produce and distribute quality content meeting local tastes and needs;

(b)   invest in infrastructure, network and delivery platforms to enhance service level and customer convenience;

(c)   unlock the value of our programming assets for cross-platform and international distribution; and

(d)   continuously better our processes and procedures to always stay cost-effective.



                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   07
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
   (A) ABOUT THIS REPORT
         As a responsible corporate citizen, i-CABLE Communications Limited (“i-CABLE” or the “Company”) and its
         subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are committed to responding to the challenges of climate change by adopting
         environmental protocols for our operations. We are also dedicated to creating a favourable environment for our staff
         members; providing resources to support their growth and development; as well as promoting staff engagement in
         social undertakings and volunteer work.

         To identify sustainability issues material to the Group, a CSR Steering Committee composed of senior executives
         holds regular meetings to discuss the views and suggestions of stakeholders, and formulate the major direction of
         environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) reporting. The Group places greater emphasis on ESG issues relating
         to product responsibility, employee safety, supply chain management and environmental protection, as we believe
         these are the primal concerns of our stakeholders and the community.

         Looking ahead, we will continue to develop our corporate social responsibilities (“CSR”) work in line with our
         business plan and strategies. This will not be possible without our colleagues’ efforts and dedication in upholding
         CSR values.

         For the financial year ended December 31, 2016 as covered by this report, the Company has complied with the
         “comply or explain” provisions in respect of general disclosures set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance
         Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
         Kong Limited.


   (B) SOCIAL
         (I)    Community
                (i)   Community Investment
                      i-CABLE attaches great importance to staff participation in community activities, motivating and
                      encouraging colleagues to extend a helping hand to the elderly, children and youths as well as families
                      in need of social support.

                      Volunteer Service
                      Established in 2003, our staff volunteering team continued to grow. Leading charitable organizations
                      that we worked with include the Community Chest, Youth Outreach, Ronald McDonald House, Food
                      Angel, The Salvation Army and Tai Po Geoheritage Centre. Activities and events included visits to elderly
                      homes, hot meal boxes for singletons and low-income families, collection of books and stationery for
                      donation to needy children, improvement projects for wildlife habitats, as well as fundraising initiatives.

                      Community Support
                      Since 2013, the Group has supported Project WeCan, a business-in-community programme initiated by
                      the Wharf Group, which offers care and opportunities for less-privileged students. We partnered with
                      Buddhist Wong Wan Tin College in Shatin to provide assistance to students in terms of learning,
                      personal and moral development as well as career planning.

                      Community Engagement
                      Our news team has undertaken to produce the programme “Making a Difference,” covering over 500
                      touching stories in town by exploring encouraging stories with non-profit-making organizations,
                      individuals or organizations with a passion for life; turning these into news segments and “Making a
                      Difference” a reality. We hope to bring more positive energy to Hong Kong and raise public awareness
                      of minority groups and people in need.

                      The Group received the “Caring Company Scheme 10 Years Plus Logo” in 2016 from the Hong Kong
                      Council of Social Service.




08 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(B) SOCIAL (Continued)
    (II) Employment and Labour Practices
        (i)    Employment
               The Company has Employee Handbook & Company Policy posted on intranet web link regarding
               employment and employee benefits. We also have Equal Opportunities Policy in place.

               The Company has complied with the following Hong Kong laws:

               •        Employment Ordinance;
               •        Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (“MPFSO”);
               •        Employees’ Compensation Ordinance;
               •        Minimum Wage Ordinance;
               •        Sex Discrimination Ordinance;
               •        Disability Discrimination Ordinance;
               •        Family Status Discrimination Ordinance;
               •        Race Discrimination Ordinance; and
               •        Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance.

               Employee Statistics
               2016 Total Workforce

                                                                                                    Employment Types
                                All types of employee
                                                                               Permanent contract                  Temporary contract
                        Male              Female            Total              Male             Female             Male           Female
                     1,469                 668              2,137              1,469                668             0               0


               2016 New Hires and Employee Turnover

                                          Below 30                     30–50                        Above 50
                                                                                                                          Total     Rate
                                   Male            Female       Male        Female            Male        Female
                New Hires           235              141        140             63             24              4          607      0.284(1)
                Employee
                  Turnover          226              147        146             89             36              5          649      0.304(2)


               Notes:


               (1)      New hire rate = Total number of new hires/Total number of employees
               (2)      Turnover rate = Total number of turnover/Total number of employees


        (ii)   Health and Safety
               Safety Handbook & Company Policy is posted on intranet web link regarding work place safety. The
               following policies are also in place:

               1.       Typhoon & Rainstorm Policy; and
               2.       Display Screen Equipment Assessment Policy.

               To enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of safe working practices, the Company has
               adopted key occupational health and safety measures as follows:

               •        Annual practice of mass fire drill in collaboration with Fire Department;
               •        Periodical occupational safety & health training courses;
               •        Demo video of physical exercise in department workplace as reminder; and
               •        Department Operational Guideline on safety measures for working-at-height and lifting of heavy
                        tools and objects.
                                                                                         i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016    09
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (B) SOCIAL (Continued)
         (II) Employment and Labour Practices (Continued)
                (ii)    Health and Safety (Continued)
                        The Company has complied with the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance.

                        Occupational Health and Safety Data

                                 Fatality number                      Injury rate(1)               Lost days rate(2)               Absentee rate(3)

                                          0                              0.0106                        0.0008                          0.0124

                        Notes:

                        (1)      Injury rate = Total staff affected/Total headcount
                        (2)      Lost day rate = Total number of lost days/Total days worked
                        (3)      Absentee rate = Total number of absentee days/Total days worked


                (iii)   Development and Training
                        The Company encourages vocational education and training activities, including:

                        1.       Tuition Subsidies Programme; and
                        2.       Full Funding Training Programme.

                        The Company conducted around 60 corporate training events involving 7,791 participants with a total of
                        79,826 training hours to enhance work knowledge, safety compliance, service quality as well as
                        compliance of anti-corruption last year.

                        Employee Training and Development Data
                        2016 Average Hours of Training

                                          By gender                                            By employment category

                                 Male                 Female            Management Staff       Senior Staff            General Staff         Total
                                 (hour)                (hour)                   (hour)               (hour)               (hour)             (hour)

                                 37.4                   37.4                     24.0                 22.7                 41.6               37.4

                (iv)    Labour Standards
                        Employment and Compensation & Benefits Policies were established to meet or exceed the
                        requirements of Employment Ordinance and MPFSO. The Group has adopted measures to prevent
                        recruitment of child and forced labour:

                        •        Except for child entertainers and summer interns, the Company shall hold against hiring any
                                 candidate who is under 18 years old;
                        •        For child entertainers, the Company renews permission to employ child entertainers yearly from
                                 Labour Department; and
                        •        For summer interns, strict collection of sworn declaration forms and school endorsement to
                                 prevent child labour.

                        i-CABLE Group companies have received the “Good MPF Employer Award 2015/16” from The
                        Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority for our full compliance with employers’ statutory
                        obligations and provision of better retirement for employees.

         (III) Operating Practices
                (i)     Supply Chain Management
                        The Group sources from trustworthy suppliers and contractors for quality and sustainable products and
                        services. We believe in long-term relationship with suppliers and contractors via compliance with
                        procurement policy and procedures. We encourage suppliers and contractors to engage in
                        environmental protection measures and products that fulfill the 4Rs Rule: “Reduce, Recycle, Reuse and
                        Replace”.

                        We source from around the world with over 70% of suppliers and contractors based in Hong Kong to
                        support the local economy.

10 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(B) SOCIAL (Continued)
    (III) Operating Practices (Continued)
        (ii)    Product Responsibility
                We observe codes and guidelines for TV programme service licensees, along with various legislations
                including:

                •     Broadcasting Ordinance;
                •     Broadcasting (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance;
                •     Telecommunications Ordinance; and
                •     Competition Ordinance.

                We also have various internal guidelines or codes of practices for different functions and divisions, and
                different trainings for staff development.

                Service Commitment
                We were awarded ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management System certification & ISO 10002:2014 Quality
                Management — Customer Satisfaction certification, covering after-sales services and customer cases
                management, by SGS Hong Kong Limited in March 2016.

                We place customer experience as our priority. A Quality Management System in line with the
                requirements of the ISO standards is implemented to improve our hotline and customer care services,
                and to uplift installation and maintenance standards. We address customer complaints in a timely, fair
                and unbiased manner. Customer views are regularly collected and analyzed through customer
                satisfaction surveys.

                Intellectual Property Rights
                We have Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures in place to manage, protect and monitor
                IT systems and data. We do not use unauthorized software or copying of copyrights works.

                Personal Data Policy
                We respect individuals’ legal rights to privacy, and strictly abide by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance
                in collecting, holding, processing and using customers’ personal data. In addition to establishing policies
                and operation guidelines, we issue periodic reminders and deliver regular briefings to frontline staff to
                remind them the importance of protecting personal data.

                We protect the confidentiality of our customer data by implementing layers of security (IT controls) to
                prevent loss or leakage of customer data. Our Corporate General IT Control Policies and Procedures
                also ensure data security and IT system user access control.

                No substantiated complaints regarding breach of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance were received
                in 2016.

        (iii)   Anti-corruption
                The Company prohibits bribery and corruption practices. It has Circular, Employee Handbook &
                Company Policy posted on intranet web link regarding standard code of ethics:

                (1)   Corporate Code of Ethical Standards on prevention of bribery, gambling, collections and insider
                      dealing; and
                (2)   Policy on reporting potential non-compliance and conflict of interest.

                Under the Group’s Code of Conduct, all staff are required to abide by the laws on anti-corruption, e.g.
                Prevention of Bribery Ordinance.

                There was no legal case brought against our employees in corruption practices in 2016.

                Whistle Blowing
                Staff is obliged to report alleged material non-compliance to the Company, which will be investigated.
                Those found in violation are subject to appropriate disciplinary action.

                                                                             i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   11
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (C) ENVIRONMENTAL
         (I)    Emissions
                Greenhouse Gas Emission                                                                               Year 2016
                                                                                                                         (tonne)

                Scope 1 CO2 emission                                                                                        843
                Scope 2 CO2 emission                                                                                     11,465

                Total emission                                                                                           12,308

                i-CABLE takes the following measures to reduce energy consumption in our daily operation:
                Electricity consumption
                •     reduce operation hours of public lighting, escalators and lifts;
                •     re-zoning for automated switching off air-conditioning & lighting;
                •     retrofit lighting system by using energy efficient T5 fluorescent tubes and LED lights;
                •     adjust indoor temperature settings;
                •     purchase energy efficient office equipment with EELS; and
                •     provide staff with tips for Green Office.
                Fuel consumption
                •     reduce the number of company vehicles and optimize vehicle utilization;
                •     regular maintenance to reduce carbon emission and extend the life span of vehicles;
                •     provide guidelines on proper driving practice; and
                •     Green driving workshops conducted for our drivers.
                Total greenhouse gas emission was 12,308 tonnes in 2016.
                The Group complies with Vehicle Emissions Standard implemented by Environment Protection Department
                and will phase out pre-euro IV diesel vehicles.
                i-CABLE reduces waste emission activities and minimizes waste to landfills through reducing waste generation
                and recycling.

         (II) Use of Resources
                Energy Consumption                                                                                    Year 2016

                Electricity (kilowatt-hour)                                                                          17,913,312
                Diesel (liter)                                                                                          160,202
                Unleaded Petrol (liter)                                                                                 179,740
                Water consumption (m3)                                                                                    5,054
                Efficient use of energy resources
                We focus on the most efficient performance in our daily operation through processes and technologies that
                provide the best use of production and office equipment.
                In addition to electricity, fuel used in the Company’s vehicle fleet is receiving special attention for greater
                efficiency. Regular check-up and phasing out of pre-euro IV diesel vehicles is carried out. The amount of
                energy corresponding to the consumption of diesel oil in 2016 was equivalent to 160,202 liters (2015:
                168,265 liters).
                We encourage our staff to use less water. In 2016, i-CABLE consumed 5,054 m3 of water.

         (III) The Environment and Natural Resources
                i-CABLE protects natural resources by green purchasing such as recycled paper, toner and cartridge. We
                reduce the quantity of copying paper, use duplex printing, print on used paper, use copier networking for
                faxing and document storage. We have implemented electronic leave application, internal documents
                approvals and EDI with business partners etc. Paper consumption of 21.02 tonnes was recorded in 2016.

                Type and amount of waste recycled
                  Paper and Paper             Production      Plastics                      Office Equipment  Batteries and
                     Product                  Equipment    (Video Tape)      Cartridge       and Computers Charger Accessories
                      (tonne)                   (piece)       (piece)         (piece)             (piece)        (piece)
                          27                    1,123        12,541            1,200              720              343




12 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
FINANCIAL REVIEW
A.   REVIEW OF 2016 RESULTS
     Consolidated revenue decreased by HK$103 million or 7% to HK$1,406 million.

     Operating costs before depreciation decreased by HK$25 million to HK$1,504 million. Programming costs
     decreased by 3%, selling, customer services, general & administrative expenses 1%, cost of sales on par, while
     network costs increased by 4%.

     Partly due to one-off charges, EBITDA loss increased to HK$98 million (2015: HK$19 million) while net loss
     increased to HK$313 million (2015: HK$233 million). Basic and diluted loss per share was HK$0.16 (2015:
     HK$0.12).



B. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
     Television
     Revenue decreased by 8% to HK$1,043 million on lower subscription and advertising income. Operating costs
     before depreciation increased by 1% to HK$1,185 million. EBITDA loss was HK$142 million (2015: HK$46 million).

     Internet & Multimedia
     Revenue decreased by 4% to HK$336 million. Operating costs before depreciation decreased by 4% to HK$197
     million. EBITDA decreased by 3% to HK$138 million (2015: HK$143 million).



C. LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     As of December 31, 2016, the Group had net debt of HK$484 million, as compared to HK$218 million at December
     31, 2015. The ratio of net debt to total equity was 95.8% (2015: 26.6%).

     Consolidated net asset value as at December 31, 2016 was HK$505 million, or HK$0.25 per share.

     The Group’s assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses were mainly denominated in Hong Kong or U.S. dollars and
     the exchange rate between these two currencies has remained pegged.

     Capital expenditure during the period amounted to HK$238 million (2015: HK$207 million). Major items included
     network equipment, TV production and broadcast facilities as well as the new FANhub set-top-box.

     The Group’s ongoing capital expenditure and new business development will be funded by internal cash flows
     generated from operations and credit facilities. Recurrent losses have significantly weakened the liquidity position
     and increased the dependency on external financing, currently short term in tenor.



D. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     At December 31, 2016, there were contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees, indemnities and letters of
     awareness given by the Company on behalf of subsidiaries relating to overdraft and guarantee facilities of
     borrowings up to HK$806 million (2015: HK$606 million), of which HK$590 million (2015: HK$300 million) was
     utilised by the subsidiaries.



E.   HUMAN RESOURCES
     The Group had 2,137 employees at the end of December 2016 (2015: 2,186). Total gross salaries and related costs
     incurred in the period amounted to HK$700 million (2015: HK$697 million).
                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   13
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
   (A) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
         During the financial year ended December 31, 2016, the Company has applied the principles set out in the
         Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the
         “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and all the code provisions contained therein were
         met by the Company, with the exception of one deviation as set out under section (D) below.


   (B) DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
         The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
         Code”) in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. The Company has made specific enquiry of all Directors of the Company
         and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during
         the financial year ended December 31, 2016.


   (C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS
         (I)    Composition of the Board, number of Board/General meetings and Directors’
                attendance
                The Company’s Board has a balance of skills and experience and a balanced composition of executive and
                non-executive directors. Five Board meetings and one general meeting were held during the financial year
                ended December 31, 2016. The composition of the Board and attendance of the Directors are set out below:

                                                                                         Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                Directors                                                               Board Meetings General Meeting

                Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                Stephen T H Ng                                                                        5/5                 1/1

                Chief Financial Officer
                William J H Kwan                                                                      4/5                 1/1

                Non-executive Director
                Paul Y C Tsui                                                                         5/5                 1/1

                Independent Non-executive Directors
                Herman S M Hu                                                                         4/5                 1/1
                Roger K H Luk                                                                         5/5                 1/1
                Sherman S M Tang                                                                      4/5                 1/1
                Patrick Y W Wu                                                                        5/5                 1/1

                Each Director of the Company has been appointed on the strength of his calibre, experience and stature, and
                his potential to contribute to the proper guidance of the Group and its businesses. Apart from formal
                meetings, matters requiring Board approval were arranged by means of circulation of written resolutions.

         (II) Board Diversity
                The Company’s Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Policy”). Under the Policy, the Company
                recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board with a vision for the Company to achieving a
                sustainable and balanced development. Appointments of Directors are made on merits while having due
                regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board.

                At present, more than half of the Directors on the Board are Independent Non-executive Directors (“INED(s)”).
                They represent diverse career experience in both international and local enterprises. They bring with them
                diverse professional backgrounds, spanning property development and investment, banking, legal, valuation
                and advisory, hospitality and entrepreneurship. They also hold or have held important public service positions
                in Hong Kong and China, covering business, industry and commerce, sports, education, regulatory and
                politics.

14 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(C) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   (II) Board Diversity (Continued)
       The Board composition reflects various cultural and educational backgrounds, professional development,
       length of service, knowledge of the Company and a broad range of individual attributes, interests and values.
       The Board considers the current Board composition has provided the Company with a good balance and
       diversity of skills and experience appropriate to the requirements of its business. The Board will continue to
       review its composition from time to time taking into consideration specific needs for the Group’s business.

   (III) Operation of the Board
       The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes decisions objectively in the interests of the
       Company. The Company’s management has closely monitored changes to regulations that affect its
       corporate affairs and businesses, and changes to accounting standards, and adopted appropriate reporting
       format in its interim report, annual report and other related documents to present a balanced, clear and
       comprehensible assessment of the Group’s performance, position and prospects. Where these changes are
       pertinent to the Company or Directors’ disclosure obligations, the Directors are either briefed during Board
       meetings or issued with regular updates and materials to keep them abreast of their responsibilities and of the
       conduct, business activities and development of the Group. Newly appointed Directors receive briefings and
       orientation on their legal and other responsibilities as a Director and the role of the Board. The Company has
       also provided appropriate information in a timely manner to the Directors to enable them to make an informed
       decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities as Directors of the Company.

       There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Board and the management. Decisions on important
       matters are specifically reserved to the Board while decisions on the Group’s general operations are delegated
       to the management. Important matters include those affecting the Group’s strategic policies, major investment
       and funding decisions and major commitments relating to the Group’s operations.

   (IV) Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
       The Company has arranged for Directors to attend training sessions and forums which place emphasis on the
       roles, functions and duties of a listed company director, as well as the development of regulatory updates and
       issues. All Directors are required to provide training records to the Company and the training records are
       maintained by the Company Secretary.

       According to the records of training maintained by the Company Secretary, all the current Directors have,
       during the financial year under review, pursued continuous professional development and relevant details are
       set out below:

                                                                                                        Type of trainings
       Directors                                                                                               (See Remarks)



       Stephen T H Ng                                                                                                  A, B
       William J H Kwan                                                                                                A, B
       Paul Y C Tsui                                                                                                   A, B
       Herman S M Hu                                                                                                   A, B
       Roger K H Luk                                                                                                   A, B
       Sherman S M Tang                                                                                                A, B
       Patrick Y W Wu                                                                                                  A, B


       Remarks:
       A:    attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums
       B:    reading journals, updates, articles and/or materials, etc.


                                                                          i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016    15
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (D) CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
         Mr Stephen T H Ng serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. This is a deviation from
         Code Provision A.2.1 with respect to the roles of chairman and chief executive (or chief executive officer) to be
         performed by different individuals. The relevant arrangement is deemed appropriate as it is considered to be more
         efficient to have one single person to be the Chairman of the Company as well as to discharge the executive
         functions of a chief executive. The Board of Directors believes that the balance of power and authority is adequately
         ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals, with more than
         half of them being INEDs.



   (E) APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
         Under the Company’s Articles of Association, all Directors are subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at
         least once every three years and are subject to re-election. The Board may from time to time appoint a Director
         either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any such new Director shall hold office until the next
         following general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at the same general meeting.

         The re-election of each of those INEDs who has served on the Board for more than nine years is subject to (i) a
         separate resolution to be approved by Shareholders at the relevant Annual General Meeting; and (ii) further
         information being given to Shareholders together with the notice of meeting regarding the reasons why the Board
         believes the relevant Director is still independent and should be re-elected.



   (F) BOARD COMMITTEES
         (I)    Audit Committee
                The Company has set up an audit committee (the “AC”) with majority of the members being INEDs. The AC
                comprises Mr Roger K H Luk (an INED and the chairman of the AC), Mr Paul Y C Tsui (a Non-executive
                Director) and Mr Patrick Y W Wu (an INED).

                No member of the AC is a former partner of the existing audit firm of the Company during the one year after
                he ceases to be a partner of the audit firm. All AC members have sufficient experience in reviewing audited
                financial statements as aided by the auditors of the Group whenever required. In addition, Mr Roger K H Luk
                has the appropriate professional qualifications or experience in financial matters.

                Three AC meetings were held during the financial year ended December 31, 2016. Attendance of the AC
                members is set out below:

                Members                                                                    Attendance/Number of Meetings


                Roger K H Luk, Chairman                                                                                    3/3
                Patrick Y W Wu                                                                                             3/3
                Paul Y C Tsui                                                                                              3/3




16 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
         (i)   The terms of reference of the AC are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code and the
               recommendations set out in “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
               of Certified Public Accountants. Given below are the main duties of the AC:

               (A)   Relationship with the Company’s external auditors
                     (a)   to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
                           reappointment and removal of the external auditors, and to approve the remuneration and
                           terms of engagement of the external auditors, and any questions of their resignation or
                           dismissal;

                     (b)   to review and monitor the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the
                           effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The AC should
                           discuss with the auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
                           the audit commences; and

                     (c)   to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
                           services. For this purpose, “external auditor” includes any entity that is under common
                           control, ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a reasonable and
                           informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part
                           of the audit firm nationally or internationally. The AC should report to the Board, identifying
                           and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed.

               (B)   Review of financial information of the Company
                     (a)  to monitor integrity of financial statements of the Company and the Company’s annual
                          report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and
                          to review significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. In reviewing these
                          reports before submission to the Board, the AC should focus particularly on:

                           (i)     any changes in accounting policies and practices;

                           (ii)    major judgmental areas;

                           (iii)   significant adjustments resulting from audit;

                           (iv)    the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

                           (v)     compliance with accounting standards; and

                           (vi)    compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial
                                   reporting;

                     (b)   regarding (B)(a) above:

                           (i)     the AC should liaise with the Company’s Board and Senior Management and must
                                   meet, at least twice a year, with the Company’s external auditors; and

                           (ii)    the AC should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                                   reflected in the report and accounts, it should give due consideration to any matters
                                   that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and
                                   financial reporting function, or for compliance function or auditors (internal or external).




                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   17
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
         (I)    Audit Committee (Continued)
                      (C)   Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
                            control systems
                            (a)  to review the Company’s risk management and internal control systems covering all
                                 controls; including financial, operational and compliance controls, with the support of the
                                 Risk Management and Internal Control Committee;

                            (b)    to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure
                                   that management has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should
                                   include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
                                   and budgets of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

                            (c)    to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as
                                   delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these
                                   findings and review the statements concerning risk management and internal control to be
                                   included in the annual report;

                            (d)    to ensure co-ordination between the internal and external auditors, to review and approve
                                   the annual internal audit plan, to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately
                                   resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company for it to carry out an analysis
                                   and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial
                                   reporting system and risk management and internal control systems, and to review and
                                   monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function;

                            (e)    to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

                            (f)    to review the external auditors’ management letter, any material queries raised by the
                                   auditors to management about accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control
                                   and management’s response;

                            (g)    to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external
                                   auditors’ management letter;

                            (h)    to report to the Board on the matters in the Code Provisions in the Listing Rules;

                            (i)    to establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by
                                   the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; and (ii)
                                   the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns
                                   regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;

                            (j)    to review arrangements employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise
                                   concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters.
                                   The AC should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                                   investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

                            (k)    to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relations with the
                                   external auditors; and

                            (l)    to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

18 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (I)   Audit Committee (Continued)
                 (D)   Review and reassessment of these terms of reference
                       At least annually, the AC shall review and reassess the adequacy of these terms of reference and
                       recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval.

                 (E)   Oversight of the Company’s Corporate Governance Matters
                       (a)  to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
                            make recommendations to the Board;

                       (b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
                             Senior Management;

                       (c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
                             regulatory requirements;

                       (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
                             applicable to employees and Directors; and

                       (e)   to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

         (ii)    The Group has adopted and established a Whistleblowing Policy & Procedures. The Company’s AC has
                 the delegated authority and responsibility, for employees and those who deal with the Group (e.g.
                 customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence, with the Head of Human Resources
                 Department, and any and all relevant complaints received may then be referred to the AC and/or Chief
                 Executive Officer about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

         (iii)   The work performed by the AC for the financial year ended December 31, 2016 is summarised below:

                 (a)   review of the annual audit plan of the external auditors before the audit commences, and
                       discussion with them about the nature and scope of the audit;

                 (b)   approval of the remuneration and the appointment and the terms of engagement of the external
                       auditors;

                 (c)   review of the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of audit
                       process in accordance with applicable standards;

                 (d)   review of the half-year and annual financial statements before submission to the Board, with
                       particular consideration of the points mentioned in paragraph (i)(B) above regarding the duties of
                       the AC;

                 (e)   review of the internal audit report and annual audit plan of the internal audit function and its
                       effectiveness;

                 (f)   review of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and the statements
                       concerning risk management and internal control to be included in the annual report;

                 (g)   meeting with the external auditors without executive Board members present;



                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   19
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
         (I)    Audit Committee (Continued)
                      (h)   review of whistle-blowing cases and relevant investigation results;

                      (i)   review of the corporate governance matters of the Group; and

                      (j)   review of and monitoring of the Group’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

         (II) Compensation Committee
                The Company has set up a Compensation Committee (the “CC”) consisting of two INEDs. The CC comprises
                Mr Patrick Y W Wu (as the chairman of the CC) and Mr Roger K H Luk.

                One CC meeting was held during the financial year ended December 31, 2016. Attendance of the CC
                members is set out below:

                Members                                                                       Attendance/Number of Meeting


                Patrick Y W Wu, Chairman                                                                                 1/1
                Roger K H Luk                                                                                            1/1


                (i)   The terms of reference of the CC are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below
                      are the main duties of the CC:

                      (a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remuneration
                            of all Directors and Senior Management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
                            procedure for developing remuneration policy;

                      (b)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals by reference to the Board’s
                            corporate goals and objectives;

                      (c)   either:

                            (i)    to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
                                   executive Directors and Senior Management; or

                            (ii)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
                                   executive Directors and Senior Management.

                            This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
                            compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

                      (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

                      (e)   to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
                            employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

                      (f)   to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and Senior Management for
                            any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual
                            terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;


20 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
   (II) Compensation Committee (Continued)
              (g)   to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors
                    for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
                    reasonable and appropriate;

              (h)   to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration;

              (i)   to advise Shareholders on how to vote with respect to any service contracts of Directors that
                    require Shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules;

              (j)   to decide with respect to the Employee Share Option Scheme (if any):

                    (i)     the Employees to whom Options shall be granted;

                    (ii)    the number of Shares subject to each Option;

                    (iii)   the date on which Options shall be granted; and

                    (iv)    the Subscription Price; and

              (k)   to review any compensation related or other issues as requested by the Board.

       (ii)   The work performed by the CC, which has the delegated authority and responsibility, for the financial
              year ended December 31, 2016 is summarised below:

              (a)   review of the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and Senior
                    Management;

              (b)   consideration and approval of the emoluments for all Directors and Senior Management; and

              (c)   review of the level of fees for Directors and AC members.

       The basis of determining the emoluments payable to its Directors and Senior Management by the Company is
       by reference to the level of emoluments normally paid by a listed company in Hong Kong to directors and
       senior executives of comparable calibre and job responsibilities so as to ensure a fair and competitive
       remuneration package as is fit and appropriate. The basis of determining the fee payable to each of the
       Directors of the Company, currently at the rate of HK$60,000 per annum, and the fee payable to each of
       those Directors who are also members of the AC of the Company, currently at the rate of HK$20,000 per
       annum, is by reference to the level of fees of similar nature normally paid by a listed company in Hong Kong to
       its directors.

   (III) Nomination Committee
       The Company has set up a Nomination Committee (the “NC”) with the majority of its members being INEDs.
       The NC comprises the Chairman of the Company, namely, Mr Stephen T H Ng (as the chairman of the NC),
       and two INEDs, namely, Mr Patrick Y W Wu and Mr Roger K H Luk.




                                                                           i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   21
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (F) BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
         (III) Nomination Committee (Continued)
                The terms of reference of the NC are aligned with the provisions set out in the CG Code. Given below are the
                main duties of the NC:

                (a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
                      Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
                      complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

                (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations
                      to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

                (c)   to assess the independence of INEDs; and

                (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
                      succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman of the Board and the chief executive.

                During the financial year ended December 31, 2016, no physical meeting of the NC was held and nomination
                matters, if any, requiring NC’s approval and/or recommendation were arranged by means of circulation of
                written resolutions.

         (IV) Corporate Governance Functions
                While the Board is and remains to be principally responsible for the corporate governance functions of the
                Company, it has delegated the relevant duties to the AC to ensure the proper performance of corporate
                governance functions of the Company. In this connection, the terms of reference of the AC include various
                duties relating to corporate governance matters which are set out in paragraph “(E) Oversight of the
                Company’s Corporate Governance Matters” on page 19 under sub-section “(I) Audit Committee” of section “(F)
                BOARD COMMITTEES” above.



   (G) AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
         The fees in relation to the audit services for the financial year ended December 31, 2016 provided by KPMG, the
         external auditors of the Company, amounted to HK$3.1 million.



   (H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
         (I)    Risk Governance
                The risk management and internal control systems (“RM&IC Systems”) of the Group comprises a well-defined
                governance structure, with areas of responsibility and limits of authority of each business and operational unit
                clearly delineated to ensure effective checks and balances. Internal control policies, procedures and guidelines
                have been compiled to safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition, maintenance of proper
                records, assurance of the reliability of financial information for internal use or publication and compliance with
                relevant legislation and regulations.




22 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (Continued)
   (I)   Risk Governance (Continued)
         The Board of Directors acknowledges its ultimate responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and
         extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives and for maintaining the RM&IC Systems
         as well as monitoring their effectiveness. Management is tasked with the design, implementation and
         monitoring of the systems. The AC has been delegated by the Board to oversee the systems and is supported
         by the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee (“RMICC”), which provides assessment and
         assurance on risk and internal control oversight.

         As the last line of defence, the internal audit function monitors compliance with policies and standards and
         carries out an analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems
         across the Group. Findings regarding risk management and internal control matters are reported to the AC, in
         line with the annual audit plan reviewed by AC, and communicated to the business or corporate units
         concerned. The external auditors have access to the full set of internal audit reports.

         Notwithstanding the above, the RM&IC Systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
         failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
         material misstatement or loss.

   (II) Risk Management Processes and Practices
         Management maintains a risk register to identify major risks, which are then categorized into business risks,
         financial risks, compliance risks and operational & other risks. The risks identified are evaluated in terms of
         individual likelihood of occurrence, severity of consequence, priority and the existence of early warning signal.
         Based on the results of the assessment, management will determine the appropriate risk response:
         acceptance, transfer, elimination, reduction or sharing, and formulate corresponding control activities and
         mitigation measures. The risk profile will be reviewed and the risk register will be updated on an ongoing basis
         to incorporate any change in the nature and extent of significant risks. Internal control deficiencies, if any, are
         communicated to the responsible parties for taking corrective action.

         The AC, through the RMICC, conducts annual review of the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems and
         procedures covering all controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, by way of the above
         risk identification and assessment exercise. Confirmation from management, in the form of certification that
         risk management and internal control procedures are functioning effectively to meet the respective financial
         reporting, operational and compliance needs, is obtained from business and corporate unit heads.

         To ensure timely, fair, accurate and complete disclosure of inside information and for compliance with the
         applicable laws and regulations, the Group has in place, as an internal control element, a Disclosure Policy of
         Price Sensitive Information providing guidance on reporting and dissemination of inside information and
         preservation of confidentiality. Under the policy, Directors or heads of business units shall report to Chairman/
         Chief Financial Officer any potential/suspected inside information event as soon as practicable when it
         materializes for determining the nature of developments, and if required, making disclosure. All staff are also
         required to observe the Code of Ethical Standards to keep non-public information confidential.

   (III) Periodical Reviews
         During the year ended December 31, 2016, the AC has, on behalf of the Board, conducted review of the
         RM&IC Systems, including the adequacy of, inter alia, resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
         programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. Written
         management confirmation on the effectiveness of the RM&IC Systems has been received.




                                                                             i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   23
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

   (H) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (Continued)
         (III) Periodical Reviews (Continued)
                 The results of the review were reported by the AC to the Board, based on which the Directors concluded that,
                 for the financial year ended December 31, 2016, the RM&IC Systems and procedures of the Group were
                 effective and adequate and the Group has complied with the provisions in the CG Code regarding risk
                 management and internal control.



   (I)   DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the financial statements for the financial year ended
         December 31, 2016, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as a whole as at the end
         of the financial year and of the Group’s financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended and in
         compliance with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “CO”)
         and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules.

         The responsibilities of the external auditors are to form an independent opinion, based on the audit, on the financial
         statements.

         In preparing the financial statements for the financial year ended December 31, 2016:

         (i)     appropriate accounting policies are selected, applied consistently and in accordance with the Hong Kong
                 Financial Reporting Standards;

         (ii)    prudent and reasonable judgements and estimates are made; and

         (iii)   the reasons for any significant departure from applicable accounting standards are stated, if applicable.



   (J) COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
         A Shareholders Communication Policy has been adopted by the Company to ensure that Shareholders are provided
         with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its
         financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to
         enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment
         community to engage actively with the Company.

         The Group uses several formal channels to ensure fair disclosure and comprehensive and transparent reporting of
         its performance and activities. Annual and interim reports are published/printed and printed copies of such reports
         or notifications of publication thereof on the Company’s website are sent to all Shareholders. Such reports and
         press releases are posted and are available for download at the Company’s corporate website www.i-cablecomm.
         com. In addition, the Company makes full use of the Internet to make information broadly available to Shareholders.
         The Company’s website provides email address, postal address, fax number and telephone number by which
         enquiries may be put to the Company’s Board. Constantly being updated in a timely manner, the website also
         contains a wide range of additional information on the Group’s business activities. As a standard part of the investor
         relations programme to maintain a constant dialogue on the Group’s performance and objectives, senior executives
         hold regular briefings and attend conferences with institutional investors and financial analysts.

         The Company encourages its Shareholders to attend Annual General Meetings to ensure a high level of
         accountability and to stay informed of the Group’s strategy and goals.

         The Directors and external auditors attend the Annual General Meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.




24 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

(K) SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
   (I)   Convene a General Meeting
         Pursuant to Section 566 of the CO, on written requisition by Shareholders representing at least 5% of the total
         voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings, the Directors of the Company must
         convene a general meeting.

   (II) Send Enquiries to the Board
         The Company’s corporate website (www.i-cablecomm.com) provides email address (for enquiry purpose
         only), postal address, fax number and telephone number by which Shareholders may at any time address
         their enquiries to the Company’s Board.

   (III) Make Proposals at General Meetings
         (i)    The procedures for proposing candidate(s) for election as Director(s) at a Shareholders’ meeting are set
                out in the Corporate Information section of the Company’s corporate website.

         (ii)   The procedures for proposing resolution(s) to be moved at the Company’s Annual General Meeting(s)
                are as follows:

                Pursuant to Section 615 of the CO, Shareholder(s) can submit a written requisition to move a resolution
                at the Company’s Annual General Meeting(s) if they represent:

                •     at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote at the Annual
                      General Meeting to which the requests relate; or

                •     at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the Annual General Meeting to
                      which the requests relate.

                The relevant written requisition must:

                (a)   identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;

                (b)   be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

                (c)   be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the relevant Annual General Meeting to
                      which the requests relate; or if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.

   Any written requisitions from Shareholders to the Company pursuant to Sections 566 and 615 of the CO must be
   deposited at the Company’s registered office (16th Floor, Ocean Centre, Harbour City, Canton Road, Kowloon,
   Hong Kong).


(L) AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
   There was no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the financial year.


(M) SUBSEQUENT EVENT
   Subsequent to the Board’s approval and announcement of the Group’s preliminary 2016 results on February 23,
   2017 and as described in the announcement issued by the Company on March 9, 2017, the Company received a
   notice from The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”) on March 9, 2017, the intermediate holding company and
   controlling shareholder of the Company, indicating that the board of Wharf had resolved not to provide any further
   funding commitments to any of the Company and its subsidiaries for its business operations. For details and
   implications of this event, please refer to note 1(b) (Basis of Preparation of the Financial Statements) on pages 52 to
   53 set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements.

                                                                                i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   25
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
   The Directors have pleasure in submitting their Report and the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended
   December 31, 2016.



   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
   The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and those of its subsidiaries which principally affected the
   results, assets or liabilities of the Group are set out in Note 15 to the Financial Statements on page 75.



   BUSINESS REVIEW
   Discussion and analysis of the Group’s business in accordance with Schedule 5 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
   622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “CO”) are covered in different sections of this Annual Report as set out below, which
   shall form an integral part of this Directors’ Report:

   (a)   Review of the Group’s business and analysis using key performance indicators — Chairman’s Statement (page 4),
         Business Review (pages 5 to 6) and Financial Review (page 13)

   (b)   Principal risks and uncertainties — Principal Risks and Uncertainties Faced by the Group section of Business
         Review (pages 6 to 7) and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements (pages 82 to 84)

   (c)   Future development in the Group’s business — Chairman’s Statement (page 4) and Outlook section of Business
         Review (page 7)

   (d)   Discussion on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with the relevant laws and
         regulations and an account of the Group’s key relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers —
         Environmental, Social and Governance Report (pages 8 to 12)



   RESULTS
   The results of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2016 are set out in the Consolidated Statement of
   Profit or Loss and the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income on page 48.



   DIVIDEND
   The Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2016.



   DONATIONS
   The Group made donations during the financial year totalling HK$59,190.



   DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
   The Directors of the Company during the financial year and up to the date of this report are Mr Stephen T H Ng,
   Mr William J H Kwan, Mr Herman S M Hu, Mr Roger K H Luk, Mr Paul Y C Tsui, Mr Sherman S M Tang and Mr Patrick Y
   W Wu.




26 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
Messrs Stephen T H Ng, Paul Y C Tsui and Patrick Y W Wu will retire by rotation from the Board at the forthcoming
Annual General Meeting. Being eligible, they offer themselves for re-election. None of the retiring Directors proposed for
re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable
by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
The names of all persons who, during the financial year and up to the date of this report, serve as directors of all those
companies included as subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended
December 31, 2016, other than Mr Stephen T H Ng, Mr William J H Kwan and Mr Paul Y C Tsui who are also Directors of
the Company, are set out below in alphabetical order of their respective English surnames:

Andrea Limited
Ms Chan Doi Lei Dorothy
Mr Chan King Chuen Lourice
Mr Cheung Ka Lung Tom (ceased to be director of subsidiaries with effect from March 3, 2016)
Mr Chiu Ying Chun Ronald
Mr Fu Wai Hung
Mr Hui Chung Ying Kevin
Mr Ma Wai Shin Vincent (resigned on November 1, 2016)
Ms Oon Hock Neo
Mr Tsang Chin Cheung Samuel
Ms Wong Pui Chee Gigi
Mr Yu Ka Kai


INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which any subsidiary of
the Company or the ultimate holding company of the Company or any subsidiary of such ultimate holding company was a
party and in which a Director of the Company or any entities connected with a Director of the Company (such connected
entities being construed in accordance with the CO) had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
end of the financial year or at any time during that financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
There was in existence during the year ended December 31, 2016 a management services agreement dated November 1,
1999 with Wharf Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”)), as revised by
supplemental agreements, whereby Wharf Limited agreed to continue to provide or procure the provision of services
including corporate secretarial services, treasury services, provision of management personnel and other general
corporate services to the Group for a term expiring on December 31, 2017. Mr Stephen T H Ng and Mr Paul Y C Tsui are
directors of Wharf and/or Wharf Limited and are accordingly regarded as interested in the said agreement.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the financial year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its ultimate holding company or any
subsidiary of such ultimate holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to
acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, with the
exception that during the year, there existed certain outstanding options to subscribe for ordinary shares of Wharf, the
Company’s parent company, and of Wheelock and Company Limited (“Wheelock”), the Company’s ultimate holding
company, granted under Wharf’s share option scheme and Wheelock’s share option scheme respectively to certain
employees/directors in Wharf group and in Wheelock group respectively, some of whom were Directors of the Company
during the financial year.

                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   27
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES (Continued)
   Under the respective rules of the two schemes (such rules being subject to the relevant laws and regulatory provisions
   applicable from time to time), shares of Wharf and/or Wheelock would be issued at such prices as being not less than the
   highest of (i) the indicative price as specified in the written offer; (ii) the closing price on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
   Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on the date of grant of the options; and (iii) the average closing price on the Stock
   Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and the relevant options would be exercisable
   during such periods, not being beyond the expiration of 10 years from the date of grant of relevant options, as determined
   by the board of directors of Wharf and/or Wheelock respectively.

   During the financial year, 300,000 ordinary shares of Wharf and 300,000 ordinary shares of Wheelock were allotted and
   issued to Mr Paul Y C Tsui on his exercises of options under the abovementioned share option schemes respectively.



   EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
   No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the financial year or subsisted at the end of the
   financial year.



   PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
   Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the
   Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the
   execution and/or discharge of his duties and/or the exercise of his powers and/or otherwise in relation to or in connection
   with his duties, powers or office, to the extent as permitted by laws.

   The Company has, in conjunction with Wharf (its parent company), Wheelock (its ultimate holding company), and Harbour
   Centre Development Limited (a listed fellow subsidiary, “HCDL”) maintained directors’ liability insurance which is in force
   throughout the financial year and up to the date of this report to provide appropriate insurance cover for all directors of
   the Company and directors of the Company’s subsidiaries.



   PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
   Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company
   during the financial year.



   AUDITORS
   The Financial Statements now presented have been audited by KPMG, Certified Public Accountants, who retire and being
   eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.



   OTHER CORPORATE INFORMATION
   Other corporate information supplementary to this Report of the Directors are set out on pages 29 to 39.




   By Order of the Board
   Kevin C Y Hui
   Company Secretary

   Hong Kong, March 15, 2017

28 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Managers etc.
    (i)   Directors
          Stephen Tin Hoi NG, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Age: 64)
          Mr Ng has been Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 1999 and became its Chairman in
          August 2001. He also serves as a member and the chairman of the Company’s Nomination Committee.
          Among other listed companies in Hong Kong and Singapore, he is the deputy chairman of Wheelock, the
          ultimate holding company of the Company, and the chairman and managing director of Wharf, of which the
          Company is a subsidiary, the chairman of HCDL and Wheelock Properties (Singapore) Limited (“WPSL”),
          subsidiaries of Wharf and Wheelock respectively, and the non-executive chairman of Joyce Boutique Holdings
          Limited (“Joyce”), as well as a non-executive/non-independent director of Hotel Properties Limited, an
          associate of Wheelock. He was formerly a non-executive director of publicly listed Greentown China Holdings
          Limited (“Greentown”) until his resignation in March 2015.

          Mr Ng was born in Hong Kong in 1952, and grew up in Hong Kong. He attended Ripon College in Ripon,
          Wisconsin, USA and the University of Bonn, Germany, from 1971 to 1975, and graduated with a major in
          mathematics. He is the chairman of Project WeCan Committee and Hong Kong General Chamber of
          Commerce, and a council member of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong (“EFHK”) and Hong Kong
          Trade Development Council.

          The basic salary and various allowances (covered by service contract) of Mr Ng for the year 2017, calculated
          on an annualised basis, would be approximately HK$2.01 million (2016: HK$1.95 million) per annum.

          William Jut Ho KWAN, Director and Chief Financial Officer (Age: 53)
          Mr Kwan was appointed Chief Financial Officer in January 2006 and a Director of the Company in February
          2007. He is responsible for finance, accounting, planning, corporate development, investor relations,
          broadcasting and engineering operations, commercial dealings with acquired channels, human resources,
          administration, legal and regulatory affairs. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Under
          the existing service contract between the Group and Mr Kwan, his basic salary and various allowances for the
          year 2017, calculated on an annualised basis, would be approximately HK$2.23 million (2016: HK$2.23
          million) per annum.

          Herman Shao Ming HU, BBS, JP, Director (Age: 62)
          Mr Hu, BSc, FCIBSE, FHKIE, MIEEE. C. Eng., has been an Independent Non-executive Director (“INED”) of the
          Company since 2012. He is the chairman of Ryoden Development Limited. Mr Hu has been elected to be a
          Deputy of the 12th National People’s Congress. He is also the Council Chairman of City University of Hong
          Kong, a general committee member, executive committee member and chairman of Mainland China
          Committee of EFHK, the Vice-President of the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China,
          a member of Council on Human Reproductive Technology, an Honorary Court Member of Hong Kong
          University of Science & Technology, a member of the Election Committee of the Government of the HKSAR
          and the Vice Patron of The Community Chest of Hong Kong.




                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   29
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
   (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Managers etc. (Continued)
         (i)    Directors (Continued)
                Roger Koon Hoo LUK, BBS, JP, Director (Age: 65)
                Mr Luk, FHKIB, has been an INED of the Company since 2010. He also serves as the chairman of the
                Company’s Audit Committee and a member of each of the Company’s Compensation Committee and
                Nomination Committee. He has over 30 years of comprehensive experience in accounting and financial
                management. He joined Hang Seng Bank in 1975, became the bank’s director and deputy chief executive in
                1994 and then became managing director and deputy chief executive of the bank in 1996 until his retirement
                in May 2005. Mr Luk is an INED of three companies publicly listed in Hong Kong, namely, China Properties
                Group Limited, Computime Group Limited and Hung Hing Printing Group Limited, and also an INED of AXA
                General Insurance Hong Kong Limited and Octopus Cards Limited. Mr Luk was formerly an INED of Wheelock
                Properties Limited (“WPL”, formerly a listed public company until it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                Wheelock in July 2010) from February 2008 to July 2010. He also serves as a council member and the
                treasurer of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and a non-executive director (non-official) of Urban
                Renewal Authority. Mr Luk also served in the past on the Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University,
                the Advisory Committee on New Broad-based Taxes, the Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the
                Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government, the Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority,
                the Advisory Committee and the Investor Education Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures
                Commission, the Barristers Disciplinary Tribunal Panel and the Town Planning Board. He was an appointed
                member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to 1995, and also a member of the first Election
                Committee of the Legislative Council.

                Mr Luk graduated with a Bachelor of Social Sciences Degree in Statistics from The University of Hong Kong
                and also holds a Master of Business Administration Degree granted by The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
                He is also a Non-official Justice of the Peace and was awarded the honour of Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2004 in
                recognition of his contributions to public services.

                Sherman Sing Ming TANG, Director (Age: 59)
                Mr Tang has been appointed an INED of the Company since 2014. He holds a Master degree in Electrical
                Engineering and a degree of Doctor in Medicine from the University of Southern California, the United States
                of America. Mr Tang is a seasoned entrepreneur in the hospitality industry and has over 20 years of
                experience in investment and operation of restaurants, cafes and bars. He is the founder and owner of the
                Epicurean Group and also served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Epicurean and Company,
                Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange, until his resignation in November 2016.

                Paul Yiu Cheung TSUI, Director (Age: 70)
                Mr Tsui, FCCA, FCPA, FCMA, CGMA, CPA, CGA, has been a Director of the Company since 2009. He also serves as
                a member of the Company’s Audit Committee. He is an executive director and group chief financial officer of
                Wheelock and a vice chairman and group chief financial officer of Wharf. Mr Tsui joined Wheelock/Wharf
                group in 1996 and became Wheelock’s director in 1998. Furthermore, he is the vice chairman of WPL as well
                as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is also a director of Joyce. He is a general committee
                member of EFHK and chairman of the functional group “Property & Construction”. Mr Tsui was formerly a
                non-executive director of Greentown until his resignation in July 2015 as well as a director of both HCDL and
                WPSL until his resignation in August 2015.




30 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Managers etc. (Continued)
    (i)    Directors (Continued)
           Patrick Yung Wei WU, Director (Age: 64)
           Mr Wu has been an INED of the Company since 2007. He also serves as the chairman of the Company’s
           Compensation Committee and a member of each of the Company’s Audit Committee and Nomination
           Committee. Mr Wu is the managing director and Greater China Region leader of Duff & Phelps. Mr Wu has
           worked both in industry as a senior executive with extensive management experience and in private practice
           as a lawyer. He was a partner of an international law firm with particular responsibility for China trade advice.
           Mr Wu was educated in Hong Kong and the United Kingdom. He graduated from the University of London in
           1974 with a Bachelor’s Degree in Science, and obtained his Master of Business Administration Degree from
           the Cass Business School, City University in London in 1976. Mr Wu was admitted as a solicitor of the
           Supreme Court in the UK in 1982 and in Hong Kong also in 1982 and is a member (non-practising) of The
           Law Society of Hong Kong. He is also an active member of various professional organisations, chambers of
           commerce and the business community in Hong Kong.

           Notes:


           (1)      Wheelock and Wharf (Mr Stephen T H Ng and Mr Paul Y C Tsui being directors of both of them) have interests in the shares in issue
                    of the Company discloseable to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                    Ordinance (the “SFO”).


           (2)      The Company confirms that it has received written confirmation from each of the INEDs confirming their independence pursuant to
                    Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange, and considers them
                    independent.


    (ii)   Senior Management
           Stephen T H NG, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

           William J H KWAN, Director & Chief Financial Officer

           Ronald Y C CHIU, Executive Director, i-CABLE News Limited and i-CABLE Sports Limited (Age: 64)
           Mr Chiu was appointed Assistant News Controller in June 1993 and was instrumental in the launch of the first
           24-hour Cantonese language News Channel in the world. Mr Chiu was promoted to News Controller in 1994
           and appointed as Vice President, News & Sports in 2002. He became an executive director of i-CABLE News
           Limited and i-CABLE Sports Limited in September 2005 responsible for operating channels of the Sports and
           News platform. Prior to joining the Company, Mr Chiu held various senior news positions in the television
           industry. His experience spans from reporting, editing, news anchoring; to planning and execution of news
           coverage as well as management of news operation. He was made Honorary University Fellow of the Hong
           Kong Baptist University in 2012 in recognition of his contributions to broadcasting news.




                                                                                             i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016          31
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
   (A) Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Managers etc. (Continued)
         (ii)   Senior Management (Continued)
                Samuel C C TSANG, Executive Director, i-CABLE Entertainment Limited and Hong Kong Cable Enterprises
                Limited (Age: 60)
                Mr Tsang was appointed Enterprises Director in 1995 to take charge of international programme licensing and
                advertising sales for the station. He became Chief Operating Officer of Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited
                (“HKCE”) when it was set up in 2000 to take over advertising sales of Hong Kong Cable Television Limited
                (“HKC”). He became General Manager of both HKCE and Hong Kong Cable News Express Limited on March 1,
                2005. Mr Tsang has extensive experience in media and marketing, specialising in new business establishment
                in Mainland China and Hong Kong. He assumed the additional position of executive director, i-CABLE
                Entertainment Limited, in March 2011, and is also responsible for the operation and development of the
                Group’s entertainment platform.

                Raymond W M CHAN, Vice President, Network Operations, HKC (Age: 51)
                Mr Chan joined the Company in September 1993 and was responsible for the operations and technical
                support of broadcasting headend. Throughout his career with the Company, he gained extensive experience
                in TV broadcasting, telecommunication and data communication engineering. He was appointed Vice
                President, Network Operations in July 2014, responsible for the development and operation of the Company’s
                pay TV and broadband distribution networks. Mr Chan holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree (First Class
                Honours) and a Master of Science degree in Electronic Engineering.

                Yvonne YUNG, Assistant Vice President, Subscription Marketing and Sales, HKC (Age: 50)
                Ms Yung first worked for the Access Department of the Company from November 1993 to December 1997.
                She rejoined the Company in September 2003 and was responsible for managing the corporate sales team.
                She was appointed Assistant Vice President, Subscription Marketing and Sales in December 2016 to oversee
                the sales business of Pay TV, Broadband and Telephony services. She has over 20 years of experience in
                various sectors of the telecommunications field. Ms Yung holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics from
                the University of Alberta, Canada.




32 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(B) Directors’ Interests in Securities
    (i)   Interests in Shares and Debt Securities
          At December 31, 2016, Directors of the Company had the following interests, all being personal, beneficial
          and long position interests, in the shares and/or debt securities of the Company, Wharf (which is the
          Company’s parent company), Wheelock (which is Wharf’s parent company), Wharf Finance (No. 1) Limited
          and Wheelock Finance Limited (both being fellow subsidiaries of the Company). The percentages (where
          applicable) which the relevant shares represented as compared to the total number of shares in issue of the
          five relevant companies respectively are also set out below:

                                                                                                                                      Quantity held
                                                                                                                               (percentage based on
                                                                                                                                 number of shares in
                                                                                                                             issue, where applicable)


          The Company — Ordinary Shares
          Stephen T H Ng                                                                                                        1,265,005 (0.0629%)

          Wheelock — Ordinary Shares (Note 1)
          Stephen T H Ng                                                                                                           300,000 (0.0147%)

          Wharf — Ordinary Shares (Note 1)
          Stephen T H Ng                                                                                                                4,445 (0.0001%)

          Wharf Finance (No. 1) Limited
          — HKD Fixed Rate Notes due 2020
          Roger K H Luk (Note 2)                                                                                                         HK$4,000,000

          Wheelock Finance Limited
          — HKD Guaranteed Notes due 2017
          Roger K H Luk (Note 2)                                                                                                         HK$2,000,000


          Notes:


          (1)      The interests in shares disclosed above do not include interests in share options of the Company’s associated corporations held by
                   Directors of the Company as at December 31, 2016. Details of such interests in share options are separately set out below under the
                   sub-sections headed “(ii) Interests in Share Options of Wheelock” and “(iii) Interests in Share Options of Wharf”.


          (2)      These represent interests held jointly with another person.




                                                                                                 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016        33
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
   (B) Directors’ Interests in Securities (Continued)
         (ii)    Interests in Share Options of Wheelock
                 There was in existence during the financial year a share option scheme of Wheelock (the “Wheelock’s
                 Scheme”). Set out below are particulars of all interests (all being personal interests) in options held during the
                 financial year ended December 31, 2016 by the Directors of the Company to subscribe for ordinary shares of
                 Wheelock granted/exercisable under the Wheelock’s Scheme:

                                          Total number as at                         Number of Wheelock’s shares under option
                                          December 31, 2016                                                                             Subscription
                                           (percentage based                            As at     Granted Exercised     As at              price per Vesting/
                                          on number of shares      Date of grant    January 1,      during   during December                   share exercise period
                 Name of Director                    in issue)     (Day/Month/Year)      2016     the year the year 31, 2016                   (HK$) (Day/Month/Year)

                 Paul Y C Tsui                     2,700,000       14/06/2013        1,500,000           –             – 1,500,000            39.98 15/06/2013–
                                                   (0.1327%)                                                                                           14/06/2018(1)
                                                                   07/07/2016               N/A 1,500,000        (300,000) 1,200,000          36.60 08/07/2016–
                                                                                                                                                       07/07/2021(2)


                 Notes:

                 (1)      The share options of Wheelock granted on June 14, 2013 outstanding as at both January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2016 were/will
                          be vested in five tranches within a period of 5 years, with each tranche covering one-fifth of the relevant Wheelock’s share options, i.e.
                          exercisable to the extent of one-fifth of the relevant total number of Wheelock’s shares and with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th tranche
                          being exercisable from 15th of June in the years 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 respectively.

                 (2)      The share options of Wheelock granted on July 7, 2016 outstanding as at both the date of grant and December 31, 2016 were/will be
                          vested in five tranches within a period of 5 years, with each tranche covering one-fifth of the relevant Wheelock’s share options, i.e.
                          exercisable to the extent of one-fifth of the relevant total number of Wheelock’s shares and with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th tranche
                          being exercisable from 8th of July in the years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively. The relevant options as at December
                          31, 2016 held by Mr Paul Y C Tsui will be vested in four tranches, with each tranche covering options for 300,000 Wheelock’s shares
                          being exercisable from 8th of July in the years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively.


         (iii)   Interests in Share Options of Wharf
                 There was in existence during the financial year a share option scheme of Wharf (the “Wharf’s Scheme”). Set
                 out below are particulars of all interests (all being personal interests) in options held during the financial year
                 ended December 31, 2016 by the Directors of the Company to subscribe for ordinary shares of Wharf
                 granted/exercisable under the Wharf’s Scheme:

                                          Total number as at                            Number of Wharf’s shares under option
                                         December 31, 2016                                                                           Subscription
                                        (percentage based on                        As at Granted Exercised Lapsed             As at    price per Vesting/
                                            number of shares Date of grant      January 1,   during      during     during December         share exercise period
                 Name of Director                    in issue) (Day/Month/Year)      2016 the year the year the year 31, 2016               (HK$) (Day/Month/Year)

                 Stephen T H Ng                   7,000,000 04/07/2011          1,500,000         –          – (1,500,000)         0           55.15 05/07/2011–
                                                  (0.2309%)                                                                                             04/07/2016(1)
                                                            05/06/2013          2,000,000         –          –            – 2,000,000          70.20 06/06/2013–
                                                                                                                                                        05/06/2018(2)
                                                                 07/07/2016          N/A 5,000,000           –            – 5,000,000          46.90 08/07/2016–
                                                                                                                                                        07/07/2021(3)

                 Paul Y C Tsui                    2,200,000 04/07/2011          1,200,000         –          – (1,200,000)         0           55.15 05/07/2011–
                                                  (0.0726%)                                                                                             04/07/2016(1)
                                                            05/06/2013          1,000,000         –          –            – 1,000,000          70.20 06/06/2013–
                                                                                                                                                        05/06/2018(2)
                                                                 07/07/2016          N/A 1,500,000    300,000             – 1,200,000          46.90 08/07/2016–
                                                                                                                                                        07/07/2021(3)




34 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(B) Directors’ Interests in Securities (Continued)
    (iii)   Interests in Share Options of Wharf (Continued)
            Notes:


            (1)      The share options of Wharf granted on July 4, 2011 outstanding as at both January 1, 2016 and July 4, 2016 (the date on which the
                     options lapsed) were vested in five tranches within a period of 5 years, with each tranche covering one-fifth of the relevant Wharf’s
                     share options, i.e. exercisable to the extent of one-fifth of the relevant total number of Wharf’s shares and with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th
                     and 5th tranche being exercisable from 5th of July in the years 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 respectively, with one exception
                     that the relevant options as at July 4, 2016 held by Mr Paul Y C Tsui were vested in four tranches, with each tranche covering options
                     for 300,000 Wharf’s shares being exercisable from 5th of July in the years 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 respectively.


            (2)      The share options of Wharf granted on June 5, 2013 outstanding as at both January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2016 were/will be
                     vested in five tranches within a period of 5 years, with each tranche covering one-fifth of the relevant Wharf’s share options, i.e.
                     exercisable to the extent of one-fifth of the relevant total number of Wharf’s shares and with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th tranche
                     being exercisable from 6th of June in the years 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 respectively.


            (3)      The share options of Wharf granted on July 7, 2016 outstanding as at both the date of grant and December 31, 2016 were/will be
                     vested in five tranches within a period of 5 years, with each tranche covering one-fifth of the relevant Wharf’s share options, i.e.
                     exercisable to the extent of one-fifth of the relevant total number of Wharf’s shares and with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th tranche
                     being exercisable from 8th of July in the years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively. The relevant options as at December
                     31, 2016 held by Mr Paul Y C Tsui will be vested in four tranches, with each tranche covering options for 300,000 Wharf’s shares
                     being exercisable from 8th of July in the years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively.


            Except as disclosed above, as recorded in the register kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO in
            respect of information required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange by the Directors and/
            or Chief Executive of the Company pursuant to the SFO or to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
            Directors of Listed Issuers, there were no interests, both long and short positions, held as at December 31,
            2016 by any of the Directors or Chief Executive of the Company in shares, underlying shares or debentures of
            the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), nor had there been
            any rights to subscribe for any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated
            corporations held by any of them at any time during the financial year.

(C) Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
    Given below are the names of all parties which were, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of any class of
    voting shares of the Company as at December 31, 2016, the respective relevant numbers of shares in which they
    were, and/or were deemed to be, interested as at that date as recorded in the register kept by the Company under
    section 336 of the SFO (the “Register”) and the percentages which the shares represented to the total number of
    shares in issue of the Company:

                                                                                                                       Number of Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                            (percentage based on
    Names                                                                                                                number of shares in issue)


    (i)     The Wharf (Holdings) Limited                                                                                     1,485,259,171 (73.84%)
    (ii)    Wheelock and Company Limited                                                                                     1,485,259,171 (73.84%)
    (iii)   HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBC CI”)                                                                          1,485,259,171 (73.84%)




                                                                                                   i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016             35
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
   (C) Substantial Shareholders’ Interests (Continued)
         Notes:


         (1)      The total number of shares of the Company in issue as at December 31, 2016 was 2,011,512,400.


         (2)      Duplication occurs in respect of the shareholdings stated against parties (i) to (iii) above to the extent that they represented the same block of
                  shares.


         (3)      HSBC CI’s deemed shareholding interests stated above were held by virtue of its 48.98% shareholding interest in Wheelock. HSBC CI held
                  the interest in Wheelock as trustee of a trust.


         (4)      Wheelock’s deemed shareholding interests stated above were held by virtue of its 61.03% shareholding interest in Wharf which were held
                  through, inter alia, its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely, Wheelock Investments Limited and WF Investment Partners Limited.


         (5)      Wharf’s deemed shareholding interests stated above were held through its wholly-owned subsidiary, namely, Wharf Communications Limited.


         All the interests stated above represented long positions and as at December 31, 2016, there were no short position
         interests recorded in the Register.

   (D) Retirement Scheme and Mandatory Provident Fund
         The principal retirement scheme operated by the Group is a defined contribution retirement scheme for its
         employees, established under a trust deed. Other fellow subsidiaries of the Company also participate in the scheme.

         The scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers. The employees and employers contribute
         respectively to the scheme sums which represent percentages of the employees’ salaries as defined under the trust
         deed. Forfeited contributions may be utilised by the employers to reduce contributions.

         The Group’s principal retirement scheme is closed to new employees joining after October 1, 2000 while existing
         members of the scheme can continue to accrue future benefits.

         Employees joining after October 1, 2000 will participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund, which is not operated by
         the Group, with terms as stipulated by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. The Group will also
         provide voluntary top-up benefits to employees receiving a monthly basic salary exceeding the statutory limits
         prescribed by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.

         For the retirement scheme operated by the Group, retirement scheme costs before capitalisation and charged to
         the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the financial year ended December 31, 2016 amounted to
         HK$19,894,272 (2015: HK$19,903,009) which were incurred after utilisation of forfeitures to reduce the Group’s
         contributions of HK$230,539 (2015: HK$286,684).




36 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(E) Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
    Set out below is information disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules:

    Two Directors of the Company, namely, Mr Stephen T H Ng and Mr Paul Y C Tsui, were also directors of Wharf T&T
    Limited (“WTT”) and were considered as having an interest in WTT under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

    WTT holds a Unified Carrier Licence to provide, inter alia, telecommunications services to commercial customers
    and hence a potential competitor of the Group for the provision of facility-based telecommunications services.

    Mr Ng and Mr Tsui resigned as directors of WTT in November 2016. Accordingly, they were no longer regarded as
    having an interest in WTT and therefore ceased to have interest in a business which may compete or is likely to
    compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group.

(F) Major Customers and Suppliers
    For the financial year ended December 31, 2016:

    (i)     the aggregate amount of purchases (not including the purchases of items which are of a capital nature)
            attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers represented less than 30% of the Group’s total purchases;

    (ii)    the aggregate amount of revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers represented less than
            30% of the Group’s total revenue; and

    (iii)   none of the Directors of the Company or their close associates holds, nor does any Shareholder of the
            Company owning (to the knowledge of the Directors) more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the
            Company hold, any interests in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

(G) Bank Loans, Overdrafts and Other Borrowings
    Particulars of any and all bank loans, overdrafts and/or other borrowings of the Company and of the Group as at
    December 31, 2016 which are repayable on demand or within a period not exceeding one year or after one year are
    set out in Note 21 to the Financial Statements on page 78.

(H) Public Float
    Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
    date of this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules throughout the
    financial year ended December 31, 2016.




                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   37
   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

   SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
   (I)   Disclosure of Connected Transactions
         (i)    Set out below is information in relation to certain continuing connected transactions (the “Transactions”)
                between the Company (the Company being a 73.8%-owned subsidiary of Wharf) and/or its subsidiaries
                (together, the “Group”) and other subsidiaries or affiliates of Wharf, which were substantially disclosed in the
                announcement of the Company dated December 19, 2014 and are required under the Listing Rules to be
                disclosed in the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Company:

                                                                                                             Amounts for the
                                                                                                         financial year ended
                Description of the Transactions                                                           December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                    HK$ million


                (1)   Master Tenancy Agreement
                      Amount paid/payable by the Group                                                                     49.1

                (2)   Master Licence Agreement for Wharf group to occupy premises
                      Amount received/receivable by the Group                                                               6.4

                (3)   Master Services Agreement
                      1.  Amount received/receivable by the Group                                                           8.2
                      2.  Amount paid/payable by the Group                                                                 20.0

                (4)   Management Services Agreement for management services provided
                       by Wharf group
                      Amount paid/payable by the Group                                                                      9.0


                The Transactions are subject to various annual cap amounts previously disclosed in the abovementioned
                announcement of the Company. The purposes of entering into the Transactions are for the continued
                operation and growth of the Group’s business, for generation of recurrent rental revenue to the Group and/or
                maintaining revenue stream for the Group.




38 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

SUPPLEMENTARY CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)
(I)   Disclosure of Connected Transactions (Continued)
      (ii)   Confirmation from Directors etc.
             The Directors, including the INEDs, of the Company have reviewed the Transactions and confirmed that the
             Transactions were entered into:

             (a)    by the Group in the ordinary and usual course of its business;

             (b)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

             (c)    according to the agreements governing such Transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and in
                    the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

             The Group has followed the specific pricing terms set out in the relevant agreements for the Transactions
             conducted during the year.

             The Company’s auditors were engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
             accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other
             Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
             Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
             Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditors have issued their unqualified letter containing the
             auditors’ findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group
             on page 38 of the Annual Report in accordance with Main Board Listing Rules 14A.56. A copy of the auditors’
             letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

             The auditors of the Company have confirmed that nothing has come to their attention that caused them to
             believe that the Transactions:

             1.     had not been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors;

             2.     were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group for transactions
                    involving the provision of goods and services by the Group;

             3.     were not entered into, in all material aspects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the
                    Transactions; and

             4.     have exceeded the relevant cap amounts, where applicable, during the financial year ended December
                    31, 2016.

             Note: Certain particulars of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the financial year ended December 31, 2016
                    under review have been disclosed in Note 30 to the Financial Statements on pages 86 and 87. Those related party transactions also
                    constitute connected transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) for the Company and the Company has complied with the
                    disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016        39
   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


   Independent auditor’s report to the members of i-CABLE Communications Limited
   (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)



   OPINION
   We have audited the consolidated financial statements of i-CABLE Communications Limited (“the Company”) and its
   subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 48 to 91, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
   at December 31, 2016, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
   comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for
   the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
   policies.

   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
   Group as at December 31, 2016 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
   year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
   Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong
   Companies Ordinance.



   BASIS OF OPINION
   We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
   responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
   consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
   HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
   in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
   a basis for our opinion.



   MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN
   We draw attention to note 1(b) to the consolidated financial statements, which indicates the Group incurred a net loss of
   HK$313 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 and, as of that date, the Group had net current liabilities of
   HK$892 million. It also states that subsequent to the year end on March 9, 2017, the Company issued an announcement
   which described a decision made by its intermediate holding company and controlling shareholder, The Wharf (Holdings)
   Limited, on their funding commitments to the Company. As stated in note 1(b), these events or conditions, along with
   other matters as set forth in note 1(b), indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the
   Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.



   KEY AUDIT MATTERS
   Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
   consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
   consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
   opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Material uncertainty related to going concern section,
   we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.


40 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of impairment of property plant & equipment (“PP&E”) and the programming library
Refer to notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements and accounting policy notes 1(e), 1(g) and 1(q)
The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


The carrying values of property, plant & equipment (“PP&E”) Our audit procedures to assess potential impairment of
and the programming library as at December 31, 2016 PP&E and the programming library included the following:
were HK$894 million and HK$169 million, respectively. The
Group sustained a loss for the year ended December 31, •         evaluating management’s identification of CGUs and
2016 of HK$313 million. Accordingly, management                  the allocation of PP&E and the programming library to
considered that there were indicators of potential               the corresponding CGUs;
impairment of PP&E and the programming library.
                                                            •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us
Management performs an impairment assessment when                in evaluating management’s impairment assessment
indicators of impairment are identified. When performing an      methodology and calculations contained within the
impairment assessment management uses the value in use           discounted cash flow forecasts with reference to the
model and compares the aggregate carrying values of              requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;
PP&E and the programming library with the value in use of
the cash generating units (“CGUs”) to which these assets •       comparing data in the discounted cash flow forecasts
are allocated, to determine the impairment loss which            with the relevant data, including forecast revenue,
should be recognised for the year, if any.                       forecast programming costs, forecast network
                                                                 expenses and forecast other expenses, in the financial
Value in use is calculated by preparing discounted cash          budgets approved by the Group’s Chief Executive
flows for each CGU. The determination of value in use            Officer and Chief Financial Officer;
requires the exercise of significant management judgement
in determining the assumptions adopted in the cash flow •        comparing the compound annual growth rates and
forecasts, in particular in relation to compound annual          long term growth rates adopted in the discounted
growth rates, long term growth rates and the discount rates      cash flow forecasts with historical performance and
applied.                                                         those of comparable companies and external market
                                                                    data;
We identified the assessment of potential impairment of
PP&E and the programming library as a key audit matter •            engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us
because the impairment assessments prepared by                      in assessing the discount rates applied in the
management are complex and contain certain judgemental              discounted cash flow forecasts with reference to the
and subjective assumptions which may be inherently                  range adopted by other companies in the same
uncertain and could be subject to management bias.                  industry;

                                                              •     comparing the revenue and operating costs included
                                                                    in the prior year’s discounted cash flow forecasts with
                                                                    the current year’s performance to assess the historical
                                                                    accuracy of management’s forecasting process and
                                                                    considering the nature of any significant differences;

                                                              •     performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
                                                                    adopted in the discounted cash flow forecasts and
                                                                    assessing the impact of changes in the key
                                                                    assumptions on the conclusions reached by
                                                                    management and whether there were any indicators
                                                                    of management bias.




                                                                             i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   41
   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
   Assessment of impairment of amounts due from subsidiaries (company level statement of financial position)
   Refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial statements and accounting policy notes 1(c) and 1(q)
   The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


   The carrying value of amounts due from subsidiaries as at Our audit procedures to assess potential impairment of
   December 31, 2016 was HK$4,318 million, as reflected in amounts due from subsidiaries included the following:
   the company level statement of financial position. As the
                                                             •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us
   carrying value of amounts due from subsidiaries was
                                                                  in evaluating management’s impairment assessment
   significantly greater than the Group’s net assets as at
                                                                  methodology and calculations contained within the
   December 31, 2016, which totalled HK$505 million,
                                                                  discounted cash flow forecast with reference to the
   management considered that there was an indicator of
                                                                  requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;
   potential impairment of amounts due from subsidiaries.
                                                                 •   assessing the key assumptions and data adopted in
   Management performs an impairment assessment when                 the cash flow forecast by:
   indicators of impairment are identified. When performing an
   impairment assessment, management compares the                         comparing data in the discounted cash flow
   aggregate carrying values of amounts due from subsidiaries              forecast with the relevant data, including
   with the equity values of the subsidiaries to determine the             forecast revenue, forecast programming costs,
   impairment loss which should be recognised for the year, if             forecast network expenses and forecast other
   any.                                                                    expenses, in the financial budget approved by
                                                                           the Group’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
   Equity values were estimated by preparing a discounted                  Financial Officer;
   cash flow forecast for the operations of the subsidiaries
                                                                          engaging our internal valuation specialists to
   considered in aggregate. The determination of equity values
                                                                           assist us in assessing whether the discount rate
   requires the exercise of significant management judgement
                                                                           applied in the discounted cash flow forecast
   in determining the assumptions in the discounted cash flow
                                                                           was within the range adopted by other
   forecast, in particular in relation to the compound annual
                                                                           companies in the same industries;
   growth rate, the long term growth rate and the discount
   rate applied.                                                          comparing the compound annual growth rates
                                                                           and long term growth rate adopted in the
   We identified assessing potential impairment of amounts                 discounted cash flow forecast with historical
   due from subsidiaries as a key audit matter because of its              performance and those of comparable
   potential significance to the financial position of the                 companies and external market data;
   Company and the calculation of the distributable reserves
   of the Company and because the impairment assessments •           comparing the revenue and operating costs included
   prepared by management are complex and contain certain            in the prior year’s discounted cash flow forecast with
   judgemental assumptions which can be inherently uncertain         the current year’s performance to assess the
   and could be subject to management bias.                          accuracy and reliability of management’s budget and
                                                                     forecasting processes and considering the nature of
                                                                     any significant differences;

                                                                 •   performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
                                                                     adopted in the discounted cash flow forecast and
                                                                     assessing the impact of changes in the key
                                                                     assumptions on the conclusions reached by
                                                                     management in its impairment assessment and
                                                                     whether there were any indicators of management
                                                                     bias.



42 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of the recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets
Refer to notes 6 and 26(b) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 1(n)
The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at December 31, 2016 the Group had recognised Our audit procedures to assess the recoverability of
deferred tax assets in respect of the future benefit of recognised deferred tax assets included the following:
unutilised tax losses of HK$352 million. For the year ended
December 31, 2016, the Group sustained a consolidated •          evaluating the availability of tax losses recognised,
loss before taxation of HK$318 million which may indicate        taking into account any unsettled disputes or queries
that the recognised deferred tax assets may not be               raised by the relevant taxation authorities;
recoverable, in whole or in part.
                                                               • evaluating historical profitability and loss utilisation
                                                                 trends for the entities for which tax losses have been
Management recognises deferred tax assets in respect of
                                                                 recognised;
the future benefit of unutilised tax losses for individual
entities, to the extent that it is considered probable that
                                                               • challenging management’s assessment of the
future taxable profits will be available against which the tax
                                                                 recoverability of recognised deferred tax assets in
losses can be utilised.
                                                                 respect of forecast results and the period over which
                                                                 management expects the losses to be utilised by
The determination of the recoverability of deferred tax
                                                                 assessing the relevant subsidiaries’ abilities to
assets is complex as it requires the exercise of management
                                                                 generate sufficient future taxable income to utilise the
judgement in estimating future taxable profits and the timing
                                                                 available tax losses, which included;
of utilisation of the tax losses.
                                                                        comparing key assumptions in the forecasts of
We identified assessing the recoverability of recognised                 taxable income of the related subsidiaries with
deferred tax assets as a key audit matter because the                    those used in the Group’s cash flow forecast
assessment of recoverability by management is complex
                                                                         approved the Group’s Chief Executive Officer
and contains certain judgemental assumptions about future
                                                                         and Chief Financial Officer and investigating any
taxable profits which may be inherently uncertain and could
                                                                         inconsistencies between the two forecasts;
be subject to management bias.
                                                                        comparing the revenue and operating costs
                                                                         included in the prior year’s forecast with the
                                                                         current year’s actual results to assess the
                                                                         reliability of management’s budget and
                                                                         forecasting processes and investigating any
                                                                         significant differences;

                                                                        performing sensitivity analyses of the key
                                                                         assumptions adopted in the forecasts and
                                                                         assessing the impact of changes in the key
                                                                         assumptions on the conclusions reached by
                                                                         management in its assessment and whether
                                                                         there were any indicators of management bias;

                                                              •    comparing the actual tax losses utilised during the
                                                                   current year with the prior year forecast for tax loss
                                                                   utilisation to assess the accuracy and the reliability of
                                                                   management’s forecasting process and considering
                                                                   the nature of any significant variations identified.




                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   43
   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
   Revenue recognition from Television, Internet and Multimedia services
   Refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 1(l)
   The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


   The Group’s revenue comprises principally subscriptions for    Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
   Television, Internet and Multimedia (including Telephony)      from Television, Internet and Multimedia services included
   services. Revenue is recognised when such services are         the following:
   provided, provided it is probable that the economic benefits
   will flow to the Group and the revenue and costs, if           •    utilising our internal IT specialists to assess the
   applicable, can be measured reliably.                               design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
                                                                       the Group’s IT general control environment in which
   The accounting for revenue recorded in the consolidated             the subscription, billing and other relevant support
   financial statements is complex because of the variety of           systems operate, which included assessing the
   service packages offered to customers and the different             operating effectiveness of access authorisation
   information systems utilised by the Group to capture the            controls, program and parameter change controls
   billings and revenue recognised in this regard.                     and computer operation controls;

   We identified the recognition of revenue from Television, •         utilising our internal IT specialists to assess the
   Internet and Multimedia services as a key audit matter              design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
   because revenue is one of the key performance indicators            IT application controls over the completeness and
   of the Group and because it involves complex information            accuracy of financial information contained within the
   technology (“IT”) systems both of which give rise to an             subscription and billing systems, which included the
   inherent risk that revenue could be recorded in the incorrect       preparation of system generated reports and
   period or could be subject to manipulation to meet targets          automated journal entries relating to the recording of
   or expectations.                                                    revenue, deferred revenue (advances from customers)
                                                                       and accounts receivable;

                                                                  •    performing analytical procedures, which included
                                                                       predictive analyses and trend analyses, by using
                                                                       subscriber data, subscription prices and historical
                                                                       trends to develop an expectation for subscription
                                                                       revenue from Television, Internet and Multimedia
                                                                       services for the current period and comparing our
                                                                       expectation with the actual revenue recorded by the
                                                                       Group;

                                                                  •    using data analytic procedures and risk-based criteria
                                                                       to select a sample of customer billings relating to
                                                                       Television, Internet and Multimedia issued during the
                                                                       year and after the reporting period and comparing the
                                                                       details with underlying documentation, which included
                                                                       sales contracts, account activation records and the
                                                                       revenue amortisation schedule, where applicable, to
                                                                       assess if the customer accounts existed and to
                                                                       assess whether the related revenue and deferred
                                                                       revenue was recognised in accordance with the terms
                                                                       of the sales contracts and the requirements of the
                                                                       prevailing accounting standards and recorded in the
                                                                       appropriate financial period.



44 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                                              i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   45
   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

   AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
   Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
   free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
   This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
   and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
   of this report.

   Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
   HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
   considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
   decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

   As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
   throughout the audit. We also:

   •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
         or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
         and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
         fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
         misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

   •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
         appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
         Group’s internal control.

   •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
         related disclosures made by the directors.

   •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
         audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
         significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
         exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
         financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
         audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
         Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

   •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
         disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
         a manner that achieves fair presentation.

   •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
         within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
         direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

   We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
   and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




46 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonable be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chu Ngar Yee.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

March 15, 2017




                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   47
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
   For the year ended December 31, 2016


                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                   Note         HK$’000       HK$’000

   Revenue                                                                          3,4       1,406,368      1,509,678
   Programming costs                                                                            (869,949)     (900,761)
   Network expenses                                                                             (209,392)     (200,970)
   Selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses                             (339,869)     (342,452)
   Cost of sales                                                                                 (84,697)       (84,760)

   Loss from operations before depreciation                                                      (97,539)       (19,265)
   Depreciation                                                                      5          (214,324)     (223,007)

   Loss from operations                                                              4          (311,863)     (242,272)
   Interest income                                                                   5                40              5
   Finance costs, net                                                                5            (5,489)        (2,998)
   Non-operating expenses                                                            5              (556)        (1,373)

   Loss before taxation                                                              5          (317,868)     (246,638)
   Income tax                                                                       6(a)           5,078        13,540

   Loss for the year                                                                            (312,790)     (233,098)

   Attributable to:
     Equity shareholders of the Company                                                         (312,790)     (233,098)

   Loss per share                                                                    9
   Basic                                                                                     (15.5) cents   (11.6) cents

   Diluted                                                                                   (15.5) cents   (11.6) cents


   The notes on pages 52 to 91 form part of these financial statements.



   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
   For the year ended December 31, 2016

                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                                HK$’000       HK$’000

   Loss for the year                                                                            (312,790)     (233,098)

   Other comprehensive income for the year (after reclassification adjustment)
   Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of overseas subsidiaries          (785)          (461)

   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      (313,575)     (233,559)

   Attributable to:
     Equity shareholders of the Company                                                         (313,575)     (233,559)


   The notes on pages 52 to 91 form part of these financial statements.




48 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At December 31, 2016


                                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                               Note            HK$’000              HK$’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                   10              894,039              873,803
Programming library                                                             11              169,307              156,531
Intangible assets                                                               12                2,062                3,767
Interest in associate                                                           13                    –                    –
Deferred tax assets                                                            26(b)            306,467              308,884
Other non-current assets                                                        14               43,254               62,588

                                                                                              1,415,129           1,405,573

Current assets
Inventories                                                                     16               18,076               14,891
Accounts receivable from trade debtors                                          17               51,385               68,096
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                     17               34,926               28,060
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                            18                  204                   79
Bank deposits and cash                                                          19              105,814               82,427

                                                                                                210,405              193,553

Current liabilities
Amounts due to trade creditors                                                  20               59,135               33,138
Accrued expenses and other payables                                             20              239,758              214,532
Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                     20              183,821              170,392
Interest bearing borrowings                                                     21              590,000              300,000
Current taxation                                                               26(a)                113                  150
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                              22               26,129               34,308
Amount due to immediate holding company                                         23                3,229                1,614

                                                                                              1,102,185              754,134

Net current liabilities                                                                        (891,780)            (560,581)

Total assets less current liabilities                                                           523,349              844,992

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                                                       26(b)               9,210              17,247
Other non-current liabilities                                                   24                 8,741               8,772

                                                                                                 17,951               26,019

NET ASSETS                                                                                      505,398              818,973

CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                            25
Share capital                                                                                 6,857,599            6,857,599
Reserves                                                                                     (6,352,201)          (6,038,626)

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                    505,398              818,973


The notes on pages 52 to 91 form part of these financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 15, 2017.




Stephen T H Ng                                William J H Kwan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer          Director and Chief Financial Officer


                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   49
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
   For the year ended December 31, 2016


                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                    Special
                                                          Share      capital Exchange     Revenue        Total       Total
                                                         capital    reserve    reserve     reserve    reserves      equity
                                             Note       HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


   Balance at January 1, 2015                          6,857,599    13,984       4,104 (5,823,155) (5,805,067) 1,052,532

   Changes in equity for 2015:
    Loss for the year                                         –           –          –    (233,098)   (233,098)    (233,098)
    Other comprehensive income                                –           –       (461)          –        (461)        (461)


   Total comprehensive income                                 –           –       (461)   (233,098)   (233,559)    (233,559)


   Transfer to special capital reserve      25(d)(i)           –          1          –          (1)          –            –


   Balance at December 31, 2015
    and January 1, 2016                                6,857,599    13,985       3,643 (6,056,254) (6,038,626)     818,973

   Changes in equity for 2016:
    Loss for the year                                          –          –          –    (312,790)   (312,790)    (312,790)
    Other comprehensive income                                 –          –       (785)          –        (785)        (785)


   Total comprehensive income                                  –          –       (785)   (312,790)   (313,575)    (313,575)


   Transfer to special capital reserve      25(d)(i)           –          –          –           –           –            –


   Balance at December 31, 2016                        6,857,599    13,985       2,858 (6,369,044) (6,352,201)     505,398


   The notes on pages 52 to 91 form part of these financial statements.




50 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the year ended December 31, 2016


                                                                                             2016                 2015
                                                                         Note             HK$’000              HK$’000


Operating activities
Loss before taxation                                                                      (317,868)            (246,638)
Adjustments for:
Finance costs, net                                                                           5,489                2,998
Interest income                                                                                 (40)                  (5)
Depreciation                                                                               214,324              223,007
Amortisation of programming library                                                        109,579              123,540
Impairment losses on programming library                                                       209                4,117
Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                             892                  867
Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          556                1,373

Operating profit before changes in working capital                                          13,141              109,259

(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                           (3,035)               3,682
Decrease in accounts receivable from trade debtors                                          17,596                 9,397
Decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                       6,137              47,880
Decrease in amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                                711                1,259
Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to trade creditors                                       24,693              (37,413)
Increase/(decrease) in accrued expenses and other payables                                  19,537                (5,649)
Increase in receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                     12,516               12,226
Decrease in amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                               (8,180)              (3,813)
Net change in amount due to immediate holding company                                         1,614                  678

Cash generated from operations                                                              84,730              137,506

Interest received                                                                                14                    5
Overseas tax paid                                                                              (571)                (701)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                84,173              136,810

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                 (233,646)            (196,954)
Additions to programming library                                                          (119,421)            (120,064)
Proceeds from disposal of club debenture                                                     1,705                    –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                        680                  340
Placement of security deposits with bank                                                   (20,000)                   –

Net cash used in investing activities                                                     (370,682)            (316,678)

Financing activities
Drawdown of interest bearing borrowings                                                    290,000              200,000

Net cash generated from financing activities                                               290,000              200,000


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                     3,491              20,132
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                       (104)                  (87)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                                                      82,427               62,382

Cash and cash equivalents at December 31                                  19                85,814               82,427


The notes on pages 52 to 91 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                       i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   51
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (a) Statement of compliance
                These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial
                Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial
                Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong
                Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong
                Kong and the requirements of the CO. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure
                provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. A
                summary of the significant accounting policies adopted by the Group is set out below.

                The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption
                for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2 provides information on any changes in accounting
                policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the
                Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

         (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements
                The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016, comprise the Company and its
                subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in an associate. The measurement
                basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis.

                During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Group incurred a net loss of HK$313 million (2015: HK$233
                million) and, as of that date, the Group had net current liabilities of HK$892 million (2015: HK$561 million).

                The directors of the Company have taken steps to improve the Group’s liquidity and solvency position. Based
                on management estimation of the future cash flows of the Group, after taking into account (i) cash balance of
                HK$106 million and continuous net cash inflows from operating activities; and (ii) the banking facility of
                HK$400 million and a revolving loan facility of HK$400 million given by Wharf Finance Limited, a fellow
                subsidiary, of which a total of HK$590 million had been utilised at the end of the reporting period, the directors
                were of the opinion at the time of the Board’s approval and announcement of the Group’s preliminary 2016
                results on February 23, 2017 that the Group would have sufficient working capital to finance its operations
                and remain as a going concern for the foreseeable future.

                Subsequent to the Board’s approval and announcement of the Group’s preliminary 2016 results on February
                23, 2017 and as described in the announcement issued by the Company on March 9, 2017, the Company
                received a notice from The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”) on March 9, 2017, the intermediate holding
                company and controlling shareholder of the Company, indicating that the board of Wharf had resolved:

                (i)     not to provide any further funding commitments to any of the Company and its subsidiaries for its
                        business operations, other than the current funding commitments (which include the existing facility by
                        Wharf Finance Limited of up to HK$400 million pursuant to the facility agreement dated December 12,
                        2016);
                (ii)    not to renew any of the current funding commitments when they expire; and
                (iii)   Wharf has no intention to increase its shareholding interest in the Company.

                This subsequent event casts doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, and therefore
                the Company’s ability to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the ordinary course of business for the
                foreseeable future has become materially uncertain.

                In the light of the above, the Company has subsequently formed an executive committee and engaged
                professional external advisors to explore alternative sources of funding and/or advise on any business
                reorganisation and the continuance, directions and/or discontinuance of the Group’s business operations.

                As the Company is continuing to explore alternative sources of funding and other options open to the
                Company, the financial statements continue to be prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with
                Hong Kong Accounting Standard 1, Presentation of Financial Statements.



52 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
         If in the future the Company ceases to be a going concern or the going concern assumption is no longer
         appropriate, adjustments may have to be made to the consolidated financial statements to reflect the situation
         that assets may need to be realised at amounts other than those at which they are currently recorded in the
         consolidated statement of financial position. In addition, the Group may have to provide for further liabilities
         that may arise, and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current
         liabilities respectively.

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make judgements,
         estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
         income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
         various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
         the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
         from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

         The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
         estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
         or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

         Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial
         statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 33.

     (c) Subsidiaries
         Subsidiaries are entities (including consolidated structured entities) controlled by the Group. The Group
         controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
         has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group
         has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

         An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
         control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
         any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
         financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
         as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

         Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
         equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests
         within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no gain or loss is recognised.

         When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
         subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
         subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
         value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
         investment in an associate (see Note 1(d)).

         In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
         impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).

     (d) Associates
         An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
         control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   53
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (d) Associates (Continued)
                An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
                method and is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date
                fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the
                investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and
                any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the
                Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year
                are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-
                acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil
                and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
                constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is
                the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests
                that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate.

                Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
                to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
                impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
                entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest
                retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this
                amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

                In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in an associate is stated at cost less impairment
                losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).

         (e) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
                Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                Note 1(q)(ii)). The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of
                materials, labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and
                restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and
                borrowing costs (see Note 1(m)).

                Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
                determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are
                recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

                Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment, less their
                estimated residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                Network, decoders, cable modems and                                      5% to 25%
                  television production systems
                Furniture, fixtures, other equipment and motor vehicles                  10% to 33.33%
                Buildings situated on leasehold land *                                   Higher of 2.5% or percentage to amortise the asset
                                                                                           cost over the unexpired term of land leases
                Leasehold improvements                                                   8.33%

                Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
                allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
                life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

                Under certain circumstances, the Group may have an obligation to dismantle part of its network upon request
                by concerned parties. Owing to the absence of such history, no reliable estimate can be reasonably made in
                respect of such potential obligation.

                *     This represents units in industrial and commercial buildings which the Directors consider impracticable to split the cost into land and
                      buildings.


54 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (f)   Leased assets
           An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
           determines that the arrangement conveys a right to use a specific asset or assets for an agreed period of time
           in return for a payment or a series of payments. Such a determination is made based on an evaluation of the
           substance of the arrangement and is regardless of whether the arrangement takes the legal form of a lease.

           (i)     Classification of assets leased to the Group
                   Assets that are held by the Group under leases which transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and
                   rewards of ownership are classified as being held under finance leases. Leases which do not transfer
                   substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the Group are classified as operating leases.

           (ii)    Assets acquired under finance leases
                   Where the Group acquires the use of assets under finance leases, the amounts representing the fair
                   value of the leased asset, or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments, of such assets
                   are recognised as property, plant and equipment and the corresponding liabilities, net of finance
                   charges, are recorded as obligations under finance leases. Depreciation is provided at rates which write
                   off the cost or valuation of the assets over the term of the relevant lease or, where it is likely the Group
                   will obtain ownership of the asset, the life of the asset, as set out in Note 1(e). Impairment losses are
                   accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 1(q)(ii). Finance charges
                   implicit in the lease payments are charged to profit or loss over the period of the leases so as to produce
                   an approximately constant periodic rate of charge on the remaining balance of the obligations for each
                   accounting period. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which
                   they are incurred.

           (iii)   Operating lease charges
                   Where the Group has the use of assets held under operating leases, payments made under the leases
                   are charged to profit or loss in equal instalments over the accounting periods covered by the lease term,
                   except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the
                   leased asset. Lease incentives received are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the
                   aggregate net lease payments made. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in the accounting
                   period in which they are incurred.

     (g) Programming costs
           (i)     Programming library
                   Programming library consists of presentation rights for commissioned programmes and acquired
                   programmes for showing on the Group’s television channels, and commissioned programmes and films
                   for licensing purposes.

                   Presentation rights are stated in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation
                   (where the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)).
                   Amortisation is charged to profit or loss on an accelerated basis over the licence period or over the
                   estimated number of future showings. Subsequent expenditure on programmes after initial acquisition is
                   recognised as an expense when incurred.

                   Commissioned programmes and films for licensing purposes comprise direct production costs and
                   production overheads, and are stated at the lower of amortised cost or net realisable value. Costs are
                   amortised on an individual programme/film basis in the ratio of the current year’s gross revenues to
                   management’s forecast of the total ultimate gross revenues from all sources.



                                                                                i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   55
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (g) Programming costs (Continued)
                (ii)    Live programmes
                        Live programmes consist of third party feed programmes and are charged to profit or loss upon telecast
                        of the programmes. Payments made in advance or in arrears of programme cost recognition are
                        recorded as prepayments or accruals, as appropriate.

                (iii)   In-house developed programmes
                        In-house developed programmes consist primarily of news, documentary and general entertainment
                        programmes with short lead-time from production to telecast. The costs of in-house developed
                        programmes are accordingly recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.

                (iv)    Film rights and perpetual film rights
                        Film rights generated by the Group or perpetual film rights acquired by the Group are stated at cost less
                        accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses
                        (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Costs represent the carrying value transferred from films in progress upon completion
                        or the purchase price of the perpetual film rights, and are amortised at rates calculated to write off the
                        costs in proportion to the estimated revenues from exhibition, the reproduction and distribution of audio
                        visual products, the licensing of video rights and other broadcast rights following their release. Such
                        rates are subject to annual review by the Directors.

                (v)     Films in progress
                        Films in progress are stated at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)). Costs include all direct
                        costs associated with the production of films. Impairment losses are made for costs which are in excess
                        of the expected future revenue generated by these films. Costs of films are transferred to film rights
                        upon completion.

         (h) Intangible assets
                The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite
                lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication
                that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an
                intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.

                Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
                generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an
                indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable.
                If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

                (i)     Club debentures
                        The Group’s club debentures are stated in the statement of financial position at cost less impairment
                        losses (see Note 1(q)(ii)), on an individual basis.

         (i)    Inventories
                Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted
                average basis and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing
                the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
                ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
                make the sale.




56 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (j)   Financial instruments
           (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                  The Group initially recognises trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, deposits and
                  borrowings on the date on which they are originated. All other financial instruments are recognised on
                  the trade date, which is the date on which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                  the instrument.

                  A financial asset or financial liability (unless it is trade and other receivables without a significant financing
                  component) is measured initially at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss
                  (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Trade and other
                  receivables without a significant financing component are initially measured at transaction price.

           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                  Policy applicable from January 1, 2016
                  On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost, fair value through
                  other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or FVTPL. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
                  their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its business model for managing
                  financial assets.

                  A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                  designated as at FVTPL:

                  —     the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual
                        cash flows; and
                  —     the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                        payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  Trade and other receivables, including balances due from group companies are classified as financial
                  assets at amortised cost. All other financial assets are classified and measured at fair value.

                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                  interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
                  gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
                  recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets at FVTPL and FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                  value.

                  Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. Financial liabilities at amortised
                  cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
                  and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition
                  is also recognised in profit or loss. Trade and other payables, including balances due to group
                  companies and interest bearing borrowings are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. The
                  Group does not have financial liability measured at FVTPL.




                                                                                  i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016    57
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (j)    Financial instruments (Continued)
                (ii)    Classification and subsequent measurement (Continued)
                        Policy applicable before January 1, 2016
                        Trade and other receivables
                        Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value and thereafter stated at amortised cost
                        using the effective interest method, less allowance for impairment of doubtful debts (see Note 1(q)(i)),
                        except where the receivables are interest-free loans made to related parties without any fixed repayment
                        terms or the effect of discounting would be immaterial. In such cases, the receivables are stated at cost
                        less allowance for impairment of doubtful debts.

                        Trade and other payables
                        Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Except for financial guarantee liabilities
                        measured in accordance with Note 1(s)(i), trade and other payables are subsequently stated at
                        amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
                        cost.

                        Interest bearing borrowings
                        Interest bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs.
                        Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost with any
                        difference between the amount initially recognised and redemption value being recognised in profit or
                        loss over the period of the borrowings, together with any interest and fees payable, using the effective
                        interest method.

                (iii)   Derecognition
                        Financial assets
                        The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
                        financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in
                        which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in
                        which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and
                        it does not retain control of the financial asset. The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers
                        assets recognised on its statement of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the
                        risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In such cases, the transferred assets are not derecognised.

                        Financial liabilities
                        The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
                        or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash
                        flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the
                        modified terms is recognised at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                        liability extinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognised in profit or loss.

                (iv)    Offsetting
                        Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
                        financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
                        amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                        simultaneously. Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted under HKFRS,
                        or for gains and losses arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the Group’s trading
                        activity.




58 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (k) Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts
           of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of
           maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
           cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the
           consolidated cash flows statement.

     (l)   Revenue recognition
           Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is recognised in
           profit or loss provided it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue and
           costs, if applicable, can be measured reliably as follows:

           (i)      Income from the provision of subscription Television services, Internet access services, and Voice Over
                    Internet Protocol telephony services is recognised at the time when the services are provided.
           (ii)     Installation fees are recognised upon completion of the related installation work to the extent of direct
                    selling costs.
           (iii)    Where packaged service fees comprise a number of elements and the fees can be allocated on a
                    reasonable basis into elements of subscription service and installation service, revenue is recognised in
                    accordance with the accounting policies set out in Notes 1(l)(i) and (ii). Where packaged service fees
                    cannot be allocated into individual elements, the fees are deferred and recognised evenly over the term
                    of the service period.
           (iv)     Advertising income net of agency deductions is recognised on telecast of the advertisement. When an
                    advertising contract covers a specified period, the related income is recognised evenly over the contract
                    period.
           (v)      Revenue from theatrical distribution is recognised when the films are exhibited.
           (vi)     Revenue from distribution of films is recognised upon delivery of the master tapes to the customers.
           (vii)    Income from licensing of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes
                    concerned in accordance with the terms of the licence contracts and is stated net of withholding tax.
           (viii)   Income from network maintenance and operation is recognised at the time when services are provided.
           (ix)     Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal installments over
                    the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
                    pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                    recognised in profit or loss as integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivables. Contingent
                    rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.
           (x)      Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

     (m) Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
           necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of
           the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

           The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
           for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
           the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
           when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
           interrupted or complete.




                                                                                i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   59
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (n) Income tax
                Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
                and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
                they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
                amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax is
                the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
                the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
                tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

                Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
                is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
                Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible
                temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences,
                provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected
                to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in
                periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same
                criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition
                of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into
                account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse
                in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

                The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
                arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided
                they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries
                to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
                probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences,
                unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
                settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. The carrying amount
                of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no
                longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any
                such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
                available. Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability
                to pay the related dividends is recognised.

                Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
                other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
                against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
                tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

                (a)   In the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a
                      net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

                (b)   In the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                      authority on either:

                      (i)    the same taxable entity; or
                      (ii)   different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                             liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                             and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.
60 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (o) Translation of foreign currency
         Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
         transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
         foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
         profit or loss.

         Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
         denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates
         ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

         The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
         the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are
         translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
         resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in
         equity in the exchange reserve.

         On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
         operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

     (p) Related parties
         (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

               (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;
               (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or
               (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

         (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

               (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
               (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                        member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
               (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
               (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third parties.
               (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                        entity related to the Group.
               (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
               (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                        management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
               (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                        services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

         Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
         influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   61
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (q) Impairment of assets
                (i)   Impairment of financial asset
                      Policy applicable from January 1, 2016
                      The Group recognises loss allowances for lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade and other
                      receivables. For bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                      life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowances
                      are measured as 12-month ECL. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events
                      over the expected life of a financial instrument. 12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from
                      default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                      expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). In all cases, the maximum period considered
                      when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit
                      risk.

                      When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                      recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that
                      is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                      information and analysis, based on the group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment
                      and including forward-looking information. In all cases, the maximum period considered when estimating
                      ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                      Measurement of ECLs and presentation of ECLs in the statement of financial position
                      ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. They are measured as follows:

                      —     financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash
                            shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the
                            contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive);
                      —     financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross
                            carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows;
                      —     undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash
                            flows that are due to the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the
                            Group expects to receive; and
                      —     financial guarantee contracts: the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts
                            that the Group expects to recover.

                      Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying
                      amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is
                      recognised in other comprehensive income.

                      Write-off
                      The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
                      there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the
                      debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the
                      amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to
                      enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.




62 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (q) Impairment of assets (Continued)
         (i)    Impairment of financial asset (Continued)
                Policy applicable before January 1, 2016
                Investments in equity securities and receivables that are stated at cost or amortised cost are reviewed at
                the end of each reporting period to determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment.

                If any objective evidence exists, any impairment loss is determined and recognised as follows:
                —      For unquoted equity securities carried at cost, the impairment loss is measured as the difference
                       between the carrying amount of the financial asset and the estimated future cash flows,
                       discounted at the current market rate of return for a similar financial asset where the effect of
                       discounting is material. Impairment losses for equity securities carried at cost are not reversed.

                —    For trade and other current receivables carried at amortised cost, the impairment loss is measured
                     as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future
                     cash flows, discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest rate
                     computed at initial recognition of these assets), where the effect of discounting is material. This
                     assessment is made collectively where these assets share similar risk characteristics, such as
                     similar past due status, and have not been individually assessed as impaired. Future cash flows for
                     financial assets which are assessed for impairment collectively are based on historical loss
                     experience for assets with credit risk characteristics similar to the collective group. If in a
                     subsequent period the amount of an impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be linked
                     objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognised, the impairment loss is
                     reversed through profit or loss. A reversal of an impairment loss shall not result in the asset’s
                     carrying amount exceeding that which would have been determined had no impairment loss been
                     recognised in prior years.

                —    Impairment losses are written off against the corresponding assets directly, except for impairment
                     losses recognised in respect of trade debtors included within trade and other receivables, whose
                     recovery is considered doubtful but not remote. In this case, the impairment losses for doubtful
                     debts are recorded using an allowance account. When the Group is satisfied that recovery is
                     remote, the amount considered irrecoverable is written off against trade debtors directly and any
                     amounts held in the allowance account relating to that debt are reversed. Subsequent recoveries
                     of amounts previously charged to the allowance account are reversed against the allowance
                     account. Other changes in the allowance account and subsequent recoveries of amounts
                     previously written off directly are recognised in profit or loss.

         (ii)   Impairment of other assets
                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                indications that the following assets may be impaired or, an impairment loss previously recognised no
                longer exists or may have decreased:

                —    property, plant and equipment (other than properties carried at revalued amounts);
                —    programming library (including film rights, perpetual film rights and films in progress);
                —    intangible assets; and
                —    Investments in subsidiaries and associates in the Company’s statement of financial position.




                                                                             i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   63
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (q) Impairment of assets (Continued)
                (ii)    Impairment of other assets (Continued)
                        If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for intangible
                        assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the
                        recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

                        —    Calculation of recoverable amount
                             The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                             in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                             value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                             money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                             independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                             group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                        —    Recognition of impairment losses
                             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                             generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                             in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in
                             the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
                             reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if
                             determinable).

                        —    Reversals of impairment losses
                             In respect of assets, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

                             A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                             determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                             are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

                (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                        Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                        Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                        reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                        Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of
                        the financial year (see Notes 1(q)(i) and (ii)).

         (r)    Segment reporting
                Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
                identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
                for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
                business and geographical locations.

                Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
                are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.




64 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (s) Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
           (i)    Financial guarantees issued
                  Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments
                  to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs because a
                  specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

                  Where the Group issues a financial guarantee, the fair value of the guarantee is initially recognised as
                  deferred income within trade and other payables. Where consideration is received or receivable for the
                  issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s policies
                  applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an
                  immediate expense is recognised in profit or loss on initial recognition of any deferred income.

                  The amount of the guarantee initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in profit or loss over
                  the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued. In addition, provisions are
                  recognised if and when (i) it becomes probable that the holder of the guarantee will call upon the Group
                  under the guarantee, and (ii) the amount of that claim on the Group is expected to exceed the amount
                  currently carried in trade and other payables in respect of that guarantee i.e. the amount initially
                  recognised, less accumulated amortisation.

           (ii)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                  Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the
                  Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an
                  outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                  made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the
                  expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

                  Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                  estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                  economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                  occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                  unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

     (t)   Employee benefits
           Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans.

           Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
           cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
           employees of the Group, except to the extent that they are included in the cost of property, plant and
           equipment and programming library not yet recognised as an expense.




                                                                                 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   65
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   2.    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting
         period of the Group. None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and
         financial position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented.

         The Group has early adopted HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments, (2014) with a date of initial application of January 1,
         2016 in the consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2016. Except for the foregoing, the
         Group has not adopted any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

         HKFRS 9 is early adopted to replace the current standard on accounting for financial instruments, HKAS 39,
         Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. HKFRS 9 introduces new requirements for classification and
         measurement of financial assets, calculation of impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting. On the other
         hand, HKFRS 9 incorporates without substantive changes the requirements of HKAS 39 for recognition and
         derecognition of financial instruments and the classification of financial liabilities.

         As at January 1, 2016, the Directors of the Group have reviewed and reassessed the Group’s financial assets on
         that date and the results for the period. Upon adoption of the standard, the Group:
         (1) Classified and measured its financial assets, including trade and other receivables and bank deposits and
               cash, previously designated as “loans and receivables” to “financial assets at amortised costs”, with carrying
               amount being determined as unchanged;
         (2) Adopted the new impairment model of trade and other receivables. The new impairment model in HKFRS 9
               replaces the “incurred loss” model in HKAS 39 with an “expected credit loss” model. Under the expected
               credit loss model, it will no longer be necessary for a loss event to occur before an impairment loss is
               recognised. Instead, an entity is required to recognise the measure expected credit losses as either 12-month
               expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on the assets and the facts and
               circumstances. This new impairment model may result in an earlier recognition of credit losses on the Group’s
               accounts receivables. However, the Group has assessed that it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the
               Group’s financial statements.

         There was no impact on the Group’s accounting for financial liabilities, as the new standard only affects the
         subsequent measurement of those designated as FVTPL, while the Group does not have any such liability. Given
         the changes in accounting policy have no material financial impact on the amounts as previously reported, no prior
         period restatement is made.



   3.    REVENUE
         The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in
         Note 15 to the financial statements.

         Revenue comprises principally subscription, service and related fees for Television and Internet (including Telephony)
         services. It also includes advertising income net of agency deductions, channel service and distribution fees,
         programme licensing income, film exhibition and distribution income, network maintenance income and other
         related income.

         The Group’s customer base is diversified and no single customer with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of
         the Group’s revenues. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk from customers.




66 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services provided. Management has determined two
     reportable operating segments for measuring performance and allocating resources. The segments are Television
     and Internet and Multimedia.

     The Television segment includes operations related to the Television subscription business, advertising, channel
     carriage, Television relay service, programme licensing, network maintenance, and miscellaneous Television related
     businesses.

     The Internet and Multimedia segment includes operations related to Broadband Internet access services, portal
     operation, mobile content licensing, Voice Over Internet Protocol telephony services as well as other Internet access
     related businesses.

     Management evaluates performance primarily based on earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and
     amortisation (“EBITDA”) and earnings before interest and taxation (“EBIT”). Management defines EBITDA to mean
     earnings before interest income, finance costs, impairment losses on investment, non-operating income/expenses,
     provision for income tax, depreciation of property, plant and equipment but after amortisation of programming
     rights.

     Inter-segment pricing is generally determined at arm’s length basis.

     Segment assets principally comprise all tangible assets, intangible assets and current assets with the exception of
     interest in associate, investments in equity securities and deferred tax assets. Segment liabilities include all liabilities
     and borrowings directly attributable to and managed by each segment with the exception of current taxation and
     deferred tax liabilities.

     In addition to receiving segment information concerning EBITDA and EBIT, management is provided with segment
     information concerning revenue (including inter-segment revenue).

     Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s Senior Management for the
     purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the years ended December 31, 2016
     and 2015 is set out below:

     Business segments
                                           Television            Internet and Multimedia        Unallocated                  Total
                                          2016          2015           2016          2015       2016        2015         2016           2015
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

     Revenue from external customers   1,028,390    1,114,646       335,449      347,889       42,529       47,143    1,406,368      1,509,678
     Inter-segment revenue                14,440       15,323           204          247        9,486        9,462       24,130         25,032

     Reportable segment revenue        1,042,830    1,129,969       335,653      348,136       52,015       56,605    1,430,498      1,534,710

     Reportable segment results
       (“EBITDA”)                       (142,321)     (45,775)      138,457      143,228       (87,117)   (111,129)     (90,981)       (13,676)

     Reportable segment results
       (“EBIT”)                         (277,215)    (183,114)       61,506       60,048       (89,596)   (113,617)    (305,305)      (236,683)

     Inter-segment elimination                                                                                           (6,558)        (5,589)

     Loss from operations                                                                                              (311,863)      (242,272)
     Interest income                                                                                                          40              5
     Finance costs, net                                                                                                   (5,489)        (2,998)
     Non-operating expenses                                                                                                 (556)        (1,373)
     Income tax                                                                                                            5,078        13,540

     Loss for the year                                                                                                 (312,790)      (233,098)




                                                                                        i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016        67
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   4.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         A reconciliation of reportable segment EBITDA to loss before taxation is provided as follows:

                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000

         Total segment EBITDA                                                                      (90,981)       (13,676)
         Depreciation                                                                             (214,324)     (223,007)

         Total segment EBIT                                                                       (305,305)     (236,683)
         Inter-segment elimination                                                                   (6,558)       (5,589)
         Interest income                                                                                 40             5
         Finance costs, net                                                                          (5,489)       (2,998)
         Non-operating expenses                                                                        (556)       (1,373)

         Loss before taxation                                                                     (317,868)     (246,638)


                                                                                                     2016          2015
         Segment assets                                                                           HK$’000       HK$’000

         Television                                                                                847,929      817,610
         Internet and Multimedia                                                                   351,290      333,743
         Unallocated assets                                                                        119,848      138,889

                                                                                                 1,319,067     1,290,242
         Interest in associate                                                                           –             –
         Deferred tax assets                                                                       306,467       308,884

                                                                                                 1,625,534     1,599,126


                                                                                                     2016          2015
         Segment liabilities                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

         Television                                                                                766,132      519,589
         Internet and Multimedia                                                                   241,915      153,056
         Unallocated liabilities                                                                   102,766       90,111

                                                                                                 1,110,813      762,756
         Current taxation                                                                              113          150
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    9,210       17,247

                                                                                                 1,120,136      780,153


         Geographical segments
         No geographical segment information is shown as, during the periods presented, less than 10% of the Group’s
         segment revenue, segment results and segment assets are derived from activities conducted outside Hong Kong.




68 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

5.   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
     Loss before taxation is stated after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                       2016               2015
                                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


     Interest income
     Interest income from deposits with bank                                                                                (40)               (5)

     Finance costs, net
     Interest expenses on borrowings                                                                                    5,489              2,998

     Staff costs
     Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                              627,746            626,831
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                           35,181             34,249

     Other items
     Depreciation
       — assets held for use under operating leases                                                                   27,247             31,900
       — other assets                                                                                                187,077            191,107
     Amortisation of programming library*                                                                            109,579            123,540
     Impairment losses
       — trade and other receivables                                                                                    2,800              2,906
       — property, plant and equipment                                                                                    892                867
       — programming library                                                                                              209              4,117
     Reversal of impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                                        (248)              (403)
     Cost of inventories                                                                                                7,440              8,161
     Rentals payable under operating leases in respect of land
       and buildings                                                                                                   61,631            67,806
     Auditor’s remuneration — audit service
       — charge for the year                                                                                            3,141              3,044
       — under-provision in respect of prior years                                                                         80                 64
     Net foreign exchange gain **                                                                                        (726)            (1,492)
     Rentals receivable under operating leases in respect of
       — subleased land and buildings                                                                                   (7,842)           (9,161)
       — owned plant and machinery                                                                                    (34,046)          (16,453)
     Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                 556             1,373


     *     Amortisation of programming library is included within programming costs in the consolidated results of the Group.
     **    Net foreign exchange gain of approximately HK$60,000 and HK$666,000 are included within programming costs and selling, general and
           administrative and other operating expenses in the consolidated results of the Group, respectively.




                                                                                               i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   69
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   6.    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
         (a)    Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                       2016         2015
                                                                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000


                Current tax — Overseas
                Provision for the year                                                                  542           678


                                                                                                        542           678


                Deferred tax
                Utilisation of prior years’ tax losses recognised                                      3,953         7,274
                Benefit of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                         (10,070)     (16,221)
                Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                        497        (5,271)


                                                                                                      (5,620)     (14,218)


                Income tax                                                                            (5,078)     (13,540)


                The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2015: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable
                profits for the year ended December 31, 2016. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is charged at the
                appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant countries.

         (b)    Reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the applicable tax rate:

                                                                                                       2016         2015
                                                                                                         %            %


                Statutory income tax rate                                                              (16.5)       (16.5)
                Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                       –         0.1
                Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                          16.8         23.6
                Tax effect of previously recognised tax losses utilised                                   1.2           –
                Tax effect of previously unrecognised tax losses now recognised                          (3.2)      (12.7)
                Differential tax rate on subsidiaries’ income                                             0.1         0.1


                Effective income tax rate                                                               (1.6)         (5.4)




70 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

7.   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the CO and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
     Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follow:

                                                Basic salaries,                       Discretionary
                                                      housing                              bonuses
                                                     and other                               and/or
                                                  allowances,        Retirement        performance
                                     Directors’  and benefits           scheme              related              Total
     Name of directors                    fees         in kind     contributions           bonuses         emoluments
                                      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000


     2016
     Independent Non-executive
       Directors:
       Roger K H Luk                         80                –                 –                  –                  80
       Patrick Y W Wu                        80                –                 –                  –                  80
       Herman S M Hu                         60                –                 –                  –                  60
       Sherman S M Tang                      60                –                 –                  –                  60
     Non-executive Director:
       Paul Y C Tsui                         80                –                 –                  –                  80
     Executive Directors:
       Stephen T H Ng                        60            1,947               5               2,875               4,887
       William J H Kwan                      60            2,234             223                 930               3,447


     Total for 2016                         480            4,181             228               3,805               8,694


     2015
     Independent Non-executive
       Directors:
       Roger K H Luk                         80                –                 –                  –                  80
       Patrick Y W Wu                        80                –                 –                  –                  80
       Herman S M Hu                         60                –                 –                  –                  60
       Sherman S M Tang                      60                –                 –                  –                  60
     Non-executive Director:
       Paul Y C Tsui                         80                –                 –                  –                  80
     Executive Directors:
       Stephen T H Ng                        60            1,802               5               3,000               4,867
       William J H Kwan                      60            2,172             217                 860               3,309


     Total for 2015                         480            3,974             222               3,860               8,536


     There was no compensation for loss of office and/or inducement for joining the Group paid/payable to the
     Company’s Directors in respect of the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

     Except for Directors’ fees of HK$480,000 (2015: HK$480,000), certain Directors’ emoluments disclosed above
     were paid directly by the Company’s intermediate holding company, The Wharf (Holdings) Limited (“Wharf”), (or its
     wholly owned subsidiaries) to the relevant Directors. Wharf recovered such costs from the Group by charging a
     management fee (see Note 30(iv)).


                                                                          i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   71
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   8.    INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND EMOLUMENTS OF SENIOR
         MANAGEMENT
         (a) Five highest paid individuals
                Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2015: two) are Directors whose emoluments are
                disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2015: three) individuals
                are as follows:
                                                                                                          2016               2015
                                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000



                Basic salaries, housing and other allowances, and benefits in kind                        6,354              6,144
                Retirement scheme contributions                                                             234                197
                Discretionary bonuses and/or performance related bonuses                                  2,109              2,029


                                                                                                          8,697              8,370



                The emoluments of the three (2015: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
                bands:
                                                                                                           2016                2015
                                                                                                     Number of           Number of
                HK$                                                                                  individuals         individuals


                2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                           1                   1
                2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                           –                   –
                3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                           2                   2


                                                                                                              3                   3



         (b) Emoluments of Senior Management
                Of the seven (2015: seven) senior managers’ emoluments, two (2015: two) are Directors whose emoluments
                are disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other five (2015: five) senior
                managers are as follows:
                                                                                                           2016               2015
                                                                                                      Number of           Number of
                HK$                                                                             senior managers     senior managers


                1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                           2                   2
                2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                           1                   1
                2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                           –                   –
                3,000,001–3,500,000                                                                           2                   2


                                                                                                              5                   5




   9.    LOSS PER SHARE
         (a) Basic loss per share
                The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the
                Company of HK$312,790,000 (2015: HK$233,098,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                outstanding during the year of 2,011,512,400 (2015: 2,011,512,400).

         (b) Diluted loss per share
                The calculation of diluted loss per share is based on the loss attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the
                Company of HK$312,790,000 (2015: HK$233,098,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                of 2,011,512,400 (2015: 2,011,512,400) after adjusting for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

72 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                           Network,    Furniture,
                                                                          Leasehold land
                                         decoders,       fixtures,
                                                                           and buildings
                                     cable modems            other
                                                                      in Hong Kong and PRC
                                      and television  equipment
                                        production            and          Long       Medium     Leasehold
                                           systems motor vehicles        leases        leases improvements                Total
                                           HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000             HK$’000


   Cost

   At January 1, 2015                    5,729,792        651,977         8,119         47,480         336,826        6,774,194
   Additions                               196,739           8,861            –              –           1,900          207,500
   Disposals                                (32,334)        (2,631)           –              –            (870)          (35,835)
   Reclassification to inventories             (831)             –            –              –               –               (831)
   Exchange reserve                               –           (592)           –           (949)           (274)            (1,815)


   At December 31, 2015                  5,893,366        657,615         8,119         46,531         337,582        6,943,213


   At January 1, 2016                    5,893,366        657,615         8,119         46,531         337,582        6,943,213
   Additions                               227,697           7,747            –               –           2,839         238,283
   Disposals                                (99,199)        (3,904)           –               –          (1,078)       (104,181)
   Reclassification to inventories             (537)             –            –               –               –             (537)
   Exchange reserve                               –         (1,212)           –          (1,984)           (579)          (3,775)


   At December 31, 2016                  6,021,327        660,246         8,119         44,547         338,764        7,073,003


   Accumulated depreciation

   At January 1, 2015                    4,942,003        617,368         1,795         12,887         307,075        5,881,128
   Charge for the year                     200,740         14,724           203          1,585           5,755          223,007
   Impairment loss                              867              –            –              –               –                867
   Written back on disposals                (30,649)        (2,602)           –              –            (870)          (34,121)
   Reclassification to inventories             (409)             –            –              –               –               (409)
   Exchange reserve                               –           (564)           –           (315)           (183)            (1,062)


   At December 31, 2015                  5,112,552        628,926         1,998         14,157         311,777        6,069,410


   At January 1, 2016                    5,112,552        628,926         1,998         14,157         311,777        6,069,410
   Charge for the year                     194,665         12,805           203          1,521            5,130         214,324
   Impairment loss                              892              –            –              –                –              892
   Written back on disposals                (97,995)        (3,872)           –              –           (1,078)       (102,945)
   Reclassification to inventories             (388)             –            –              –                –             (388)
   Exchange reserve                               –         (1,184)           –           (723)            (422)          (2,329)


   At December 31, 2016                  5,209,726        636,675         2,201         14,955         315,407        6,178,964


   Net book value

   At December 31, 2016                    811,601         23,571         5,918         29,592          23,357          894,039


   At December 31, 2015                    780,814         28,689         6,121         32,374          25,805          873,803




                                                                              i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016      73
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
         Impairment loss results from loss recognised on abandonment of lost or damaged property, plant and equipment.
         In 2016, an impairment loss of HK$892,000 (2015: HK$867,000) was recorded for decoders and cable modems
         which had become obsolete during normal usage or were leased to subscribers in the ordinary course of the
         Television Subscription and Broadband Internet access business, and had not been returned after the services were
         terminated.
         As at December 31, 2016, the gross carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment of the Group held for use
         in operating leases were HK$236,953,000 (2015: HK$246,450,000) and the related accumulated depreciation was
         HK$191,292,000 (2015: HK$196,088,000).

   11. PROGRAMMING LIBRARY
                                                                                                             2016                2015
                                                                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000
         Cost
         At January 1                                                                                      694,998            667,250
         Additions                                                                                         122,564            116,207
         Written off                                                                                        (68,587)           (88,459)
         At December 31                                                                                    748,975            694,998
         Accumulated amortisation
         At January 1                                                                                      538,467            499,269
         Charge for the year                                                                               109,579            123,540
         Impairment loss                                                                                        209              4,117
         Written off                                                                                        (68,587)           (88,459)
         At December 31                                                                                    579,668            538,467

         Net book value
         At December 31                                                                                    169,307            156,531

         The management of the Group undertook a review of its programming library to assess the recoverability of film
         rights. As a result of the assessment, an impairment loss of HK$209,000 (2015: HK$4,117,000) was made.

   12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                                 Club
                                                                                                                           Debentures
                                                                                                                             HK$’000
         Cost less impairment losses
         At January 1, 2015 and December 31, 2015                                                                                3,767
         At January 1, 2016                                                                                                      3,767
         Disposal                                                                                                               (1,705)
         At December 31, 2016                                                                                                    2,062


   13. INTEREST IN ASSOCIATE
         Details of the Group’s interest in associate are as follows:
                                                   Place of                                             Particulars of    Proportion of
                                  Form of business incorporation/                                  issued and paid up       ownership
         Name of associate        structure        operation                Principal activities               capital         interest
         FRM Film InvestCo LLC Incorporated            State of Delaware,   Investment holding     Capital contribution           30%
                                                         USA                                         US$25,000,000

         In respect of the year ended December 31, 2016, the Group has not taken into account the effect of transactions or
         events of the associate as the associate was inactive during the current year. Since the Group’s share of losses
         exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is recorded at HK$Nil (2015: HK$Nil) and no recognition of
         future losses is expected as the Group has no legal or constructive obligation in respect of such losses.

74 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

14. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                             2016                     2015
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                  HK$’000

   Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                                               29,465                  47,962
   Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                                                                      13,789                  14,626

                                                                                                                             43,254                  62,588



15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
   The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities which principally
   affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group.

                                                                                                                                          Proportion of
                                              Place of
                                                                                                                                        ownership interest
                                              incorporation/                                        Particulars of issued capital,
   Name of company                            operation                Principal activities                           all fully paid    Directly    Indirectly


   Hong Kong Cable Enterprises Limited        Hong Kong                Advertising airtime and                   HK$2 divided into             –           100
                                                                         programme licensing                     2 ordinary shares

   Hong Kong Cable News Express Limited Hong Kong                      Advertising airtime                     HK$20 divided into              –           100
                                                                                                                2 ordinary shares

   Hong Kong Cable Television Limited         Hong Kong                Television and Internet       HK$750,000,000 divided into               –           100
                                                                          and Multimedia             750,000,000 ordinary shares

   i-CABLE Entertainment Limited              Hong Kong                Programme production           HK$10,000,000 divided into               –           100
                                                                          and channel operation       10,000,000 ordinary shares

   i-CABLE Network Limited                    Hong Kong                Network operation                      HK$102 divided into              –           100
                                                                                                              100 ordinary shares
                                                                                                                and 2 non-voting               –             –
                                                                                                                  deferred shares

   i-CABLE Network Operations Limited         Hong Kong                Network operation                 HK$500,000 divided into               –           100
                                                                                                         500,000 ordinary shares

   i-CABLE News Limited                       Hong Kong                Programme production           HK$10,000,000 divided into               –           100
                                                                          and channel operation       10,000,000 ordinary shares

   i-CABLE Sports Limited                     Hong Kong                Programme production           HK$10,000,000 divided into               –           100
                                                                          and channel operation       10,000,000 ordinary shares

   i-CABLE Telecom Limited                    Hong Kong                Telephony                                 HK$1 divided into             –           100
                                                                                                                  1 ordinary share

   廣州市寬訊技術服務有限公司*                             The People’s        Technical services                               HK$34,600,000               –           100
                                                Republic of China

   Fantastic Television Limited **            Hong Kong                Free television                     HK$10,000 divided into           14.9             –
                                                                          broadcasting                      9,999 ordinary shares
                                                                                                                and 1 non-voting
                                                                                                                preference share

   *   This entity is registered as a wholly foreign owned enterprise under PRC law and is not audited by KPMG.
   ** The Company holds 1 non-voting preference share and 1,489 class “A” ordinary shares, while the remaining 4,255 class “B” ordinary shares and
       4,255 class “C” ordinary shares are held by two independent trustees respectively. The entity is consolidated by the Group as the Group has
       control over the entity as defined in Note 1(c). During the year, no non-controlling interest is recognised as the entity’s distributable profits do not
       surpass the threshold for the external ordinary shareholders.


                                                                                                  i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016               75
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   16. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                       2016              2015
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

         Spare parts and consumables                                                                  18,076            14,891



   17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
         Trade and other receivables comprise:
                                                                                                      2016               2015
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

         Accounts receivable from trade debtors                                                       51,385            68,096
         Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                  34,926            28,060

                                                                                                      86,311            96,156

         (a)    Included in trade and other receivables are trade debtors (net of allowance for doubtful debts) with the
                following ageing analysis, based on the invoice date as of the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                       2016              2015
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

                0 to 30 days                                                                          16,530            18,178
                31 to 60 days                                                                         15,421            19,661
                61 to 90 days                                                                          8,524            12,701
                Over 90 days                                                                          10,910            17,556

                                                                                                      51,385            68,096

                The Group’s credit policy is set out in Note 27(a).

         (b)    Impairment losses in respect of accounts receivable from trade debtors are recorded using an allowance
                account unless the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment
                loss is written off against accounts receivable from trade debtors directly (see Note 1(q)(i)).

                The movement in the allowance for doubtful debts during the year, including both specific and collective loss
                components, is as follows:

                                                                                                       2016              2015
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

                Balance at beginning of year                                                           5,450              6,000
                Impairment loss for the year                                                           2,800              2,906
                Reversal of impairment losses in prior year                                             (248)              (403)
                Written off                                                                           (2,701)            (3,053)

                Balance at end of year                                                                 5,301              5,450

         (c)    (i)   11% (2015: 14%) of the gross trade receivables relate to the Television and Internet and Multimedia
                      access subscription businesses. There is no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to these
                      trade receivables as the customer bases are widely dispersed in different sectors. The Group has given
                      a credit term of 30 days to these customers. Impairment losses in respect of receivables arising from
                      these subscription businesses are recognised once the receivable is more than 90 days overdue.


76 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (c)   (ii)   The ageing analysis of trade receivable that are neither individually nor collectively considered to be
                impaired are as follows:

                                                                                                2016                 2015
                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

                Not yet due                                                                      9,552                8,969

                Less than 1 month past due                                                     15,684               20,194
                1 to 3 months past due                                                         17,463               21,713
                3 to 6 months past due                                                          3,945                7,266
                Over 6 months past due                                                            449                1,611

                                                                                               37,541               50,784


                                                                                               47,093               59,753


   Receivables that were past due but not impaired relate to accounts receivables from advertising and programme
   distribution businesses that the Group had continuing business relationship and have a good track record with the
   Group. Impairment losses are recognised based on the credit history of the customers, and are made on balances
   overdue for a period of 90 to 270 days. Based on past experience, management believes that no impairment
   allowance is necessary in respect of these balances as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and
   the balances are still considered fully recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.



18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
   The amounts due from fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand, and are arisen in
   the ordinary course of business (see Note 30).



19. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH
                                                                                                2016                 2015
                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

   Cash and cash equivalent                                                                    85,814               82,427
   Security deposits with bank                                                                 20,000                    –

                                                                                              105,814               82,427


   The security deposit represents deposit made by a subsidiary to secure a banking facility granted to the subsidiary.




                                                                          i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   77
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   20. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
         Trade and other payables comprise:

                                                                                                     2016            2015
                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000

         Amounts due to trade creditors                                                             59,135         33,138
         Accrued expenses and other payables                                                       239,758        214,532
         Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                               183,821        170,392

                                                                                                   482,714        418,062


         An ageing analysis of amounts due to trade creditors, based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                                     2016            2015
                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000

         0 to 30 days                                                                               17,012          3,476
         31 to 60 days                                                                              21,945         13,874
         61 to 90 days                                                                              12,271         10,773
         Over 90 days                                                                                7,907          5,015

                                                                                                    59,135         33,138



   21. INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS
         The analysis of the carrying amount of interest bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                     2016            2015
                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000

         Within 1 year or on demand
           Bank loan                                                                               295,000        125,000
           Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                                           295,000        175,000

                                                                                                   590,000        300,000



   22. AMOUNTS DUE TO FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
         The amounts due to fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand, and are arisen in the
         ordinary course of business (see Note 30).



   23. AMOUNT DUE TO IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
         The amount due to immediate holding company is unsecured, interest free and has no fixed terms of repayment,
         and is arisen in the ordinary course of business (see Note 30).



78 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

24. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                          2016                2015
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

   Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                     8,068                 8,068
   Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits                                                               673                   704

                                                                                                           8,741                 8,772



25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
   (a) Movements in components of equity
        The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
        equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
        individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                                                                                           Capital and Reserves

                                                                                 Share                 Revenue                    Total
                                                                                Capital               Reserves                   Equity
        Company                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000                  HK$’000


        Balance at January 1, 2015                                            6,857,599                  20,806             6,878,405


        Changes in equity for 2015:
        Loss and total comprehensive income for the year                               –             (2,799,827)           (2,799,827)


        Balance at December 31, 2015 and at January 1, 2016                   6,857,599              (2,779,021)            4,078,578


        Changes in equity for 2016:
        Loss and total comprehensive income for the year                               –             (1,100,357)           (1,100,357)


        Balance at December 31, 2016                                          6,857,599              (3,879,378)            2,978,221



   (b) Dividends
        No dividend will be paid for the year ended December 31, 2016 (2015: Nil).

   (c) Share capital
        Issued share capital

                                                                At December 31, 2016                     At December 31, 2015
                                                              No. of shares                            No. of shares
                                                                     (’000)            HK$’000                (’000)            HK$’000


        Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
        At January 1 and December 31                             2,011,512          6,857,599             2,011,512         6,857,599



        In accordance with section 135 of the CO, the ordinary shares of the Company do not have a par value.

        The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
        to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the
        Company’s residual assets.
                                                                                  i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016       79
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   25. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
         (d) Nature and purpose of reserves
                (i)    Special capital reserve
                       The special capital reserve is non-distributable. In 2004, the issued share capital of a subsidiary under
                       the Group was reduced (“Capital Reduction”) and the credit arising from the Capital Reduction was
                       applied to eliminate the accumulated losses standing in the statement of profit or loss of that subsidiary
                       as at September 30, 2004. An undertaking was given to the Court by the subsidiary in connection with
                       the Capital Reduction (the “Undertaking”). Pursuant to the Undertaking, any future recoveries or
                       reversals of provisions and depreciation made by the subsidiary in respect of certain assets (“relevant
                       assets”) held by the subsidiary as at September 30, 2004 to the extent that such recoveries exceed the
                       written down amounts of the relevant assets, up to an aggregate amount of HK$1,958,524,266 (“Limit”),
                       will be credited to a special capital reserve. While any debt or liability of, or claim against, the subsidiary
                       at the date of the Capital Reduction remains outstanding and the person entitled to the benefit thereof
                       has not agreed, the special capital reserve shall not be treated as realised profits.

                       The Limit may be reduced by the amount of any increase in the issued share capital of the subsidiary or
                       upon a capitalisation of distributable reserves. The Limit may also be reduced after the disposal or other
                       realisation of the relevant assets by the amount of the charge to provision or depreciation made in
                       relation to such asset as at September 30, 2004 less reversal as a result of such disposal or realisation.
                       In the event that the amount standing to the credit of the special capital reserve exceeds the Limit, the
                       subsidiary shall be at liberty to transfer the amount of any such excess to the general reserves of the
                       subsidiary, which shall become available for distribution. As at December 31, 2016, the Limit of the
                       special capital reserve, as reduced by HK$1,488,247 (2015: HK$992,881) related to recoveries and
                       reversals of provisions of the relevant assets, was HK$834,947,831 (2015: HK$836,436,178), and the
                       amount standing to the credit of the special capital reserve was HK$13,984,483 (2015:
                       HK$13,984,083).

                (ii)   Exchange reserve
                       The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                       financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting
                       policies set out in Note 1(o).

         (e) Distributability of reserves
                At December 31, 2016, the aggregate amount of reserves of the Company available for distribution to equity
                shareholders of the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the CO, was HK$Nil (2015:
                revenue reserve HK$Nil).

         (f)    Capital management
                The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
                going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
                and to support the Group’s stability and growth, by pricing products and services commensurately with the
                level of risk. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal
                capital structure and shareholders return, taking into consideration the future of the Group and capital
                efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures
                and projected strategic investment opportunities.

                The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic
                conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
                shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group made no changes to its capital
                management objectives, policies or processes during the years ended December 31, 2016 and December
                31, 2015. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital
                requirements.

80 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

26. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (a)   Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

         Overseas taxation                                                                           113                  150


   (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

         The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
         position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                 Depreciation
                                                                allowances in
                                                             excess of related                   Tax
                                                                 depreciation                 losses                  Total
         Deferred tax arising from:                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000

         At January 1, 2015                                             59,149               (336,568)              (277,419)
         Credited to the consolidated statement of
           profit or loss (Note 6(a))                                    (5,271)                (8,947)              (14,218)

         At December 31, 2015                                           53,878               (345,515)              (291,637)

         At January 1, 2016                                             53,878               (345,515)              (291,637)
         Charged/(credited) to the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss (Note 6(a))                          497                 (6,117)                (5,620)

         At December 31, 2016                                           54,375               (351,632)              (297,257)


                                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

         Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement
          of financial position                                                                (306,467)            (308,884)
         Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement
          of financial position                                                                    9,210              17,247

                                                                                               (297,257)            (291,637)


   (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognised:

         The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of the following:

                                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

         Future benefit of tax losses                                                           470,059              422,310
         Impairment loss for bad and doubtful accounts                                               28                   50

                                                                                                470,087              422,360




                                                                            i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   81
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES
         Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s businesses.
         The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
         manage these risks are described below.

         (a) Credit risk
                The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables. Management has a defined
                credit policy in place with general credit terms ranging from 0 to 90 days. The exposure to credit risks is
                monitored on an ongoing basis. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk from customers.
                Subscription revenue from customers is settled mainly in cash or via major credit cards.

         (b) Liquidity risk
                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding through an
                adequate amount of committed credit facilities and its compliance with lending covenants. The Group’s
                objective is to maintain a balance between the continuity of funding and the flexibility through use of bank
                overdrafts and bank loans. In addition, banking facilities have been put in place for contingency purposes.

                The following table show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s
                non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
                payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
                period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                            2016                                                     2015

                                                            Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                    Contractual undiscounted cash outflow

                                                                                                 Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                                                               amount in                                                   amount in
                                                                                                      the                                                         the
                                                                    More than          Total consolidated                    More than          Total   consolidated
                                                           Within   1 year but contractual     statement           Within    1 year but   contractual   statement of
                                                        1 year or    less than undiscounted of financial        1 year or     less than undiscounted         financial
                                                      on demand        2 years    cash flow      position     on demand         2 years     cash flow        position
                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


                Amounts due to trade creditors            59,135            –        59,135          59,135       33,138             –         33,138         33,138
                Accrued expenses and other payables      239,758        8,068       247,826         247,826     214,532          8,068       222,600         222,600
                Receipts in advance and
                    customers’ deposits                  183,821          673       184,494         184,494     170,392            704       171,096         171,096
                Interest bearing borrowings              590,000            –       590,000         590,000     300,000              –       300,000         300,000
                Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries        26,129            –        26,129          26,129      34,308              –        34,308          34,308
                Amount due to immediate
                    holding company                        3,229            –         3,229           3,229        1,614             –          1,614          1,614


                                                       1,102,072        8,741      1,110,813   1,110,813        753,984          8,772       762,756         762,756



         (c) Interest rate risk
                At December 31, 2016, the Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from the revolving loan of
                HK$295,000,000 from a fellow subsidiary and HK$295,000,000 from a banking facility. The loans at variable
                rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. At December 31, 2016, the Group’s had short-term
                deposits with bank amounting to HK$20,000,000 with original maturities of 36 to 273 days. Apart from the
                foregoing, the Group has no other significant income-generating financial assets or interest-bearing financial
                liabilities. The Group’s revenue, expenses and cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market
                interest rates.



82 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (Continued)
   (c) Interest rate risk (Continued)
       Effective interest rates and repricing analysis
       In respect of income-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities, the following table
       indicates their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period and the periods in which they reprice:

                                                            Total                            Effective interest rate
                                                         2016                2015                 2016               2015
       Interest rate risk                             HK$’000             HK$’000                    %                 %

       Floating rate:
       Cash at bank and in hand                          85,814             82,427                    –                 0.01
       Interest bearing borrowings                     (590,000)          (300,000)                1.35                 1.29

                                                       (504,186)          (217,573)

       Fixed rate:
       Bank deposits and cash                            20,000                   –                0.63                        –

       At December 31, 2016, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
       with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s loss after tax and
       increased/decreased the revenue reserve by approximately HK$5,041,860 (2015: HK$2,175,730).

       The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss after tax (and revenue
       reserve) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the change in interest
       rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial
       instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
       reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-
       derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s loss
       after tax (and revenue reserve) and other components of consolidated equity is estimated as an annualised
       impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the
       same basis for 2015.

   (d) Currency risk
       The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through trade and other receivables, bank deposits and trade
       and other payables that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. currency other than the functional currency
       of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Renminbi,
       Euros and United States dollars. The Group manages this risk as follows:

       (i)     Forecast transactions
               The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through programmes acquisition activities whereby a
               substantial portion of our programming costs on overseas content is settled in United States dollars. In
               view of the continued support from the Hong Kong SAR Government to maintain the peg of the Hong
               Kong dollars to the United States dollars, management does not expect that there will be any significant
               currency risk associated with programming cost commitments denominated in United States dollars.

       (ii)    Recognised assets and liabilities
               In respect of trade and other receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies, the Group
               manages the net exposure by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to
               address short-term imbalances.

       (iii)   Exposure to currency risk
               The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
               arising from forecast transactions and recognised assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other
               than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.

                                                                           i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016       83
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (Continued)
         (d) Currency risk (Continued)
                (iii)   Exposure to currency risk (Continued)
                                                                          2016                              2015
                                                                                      United                            United
                                                                                      States                            States
                                                             Renminbi     Euros       Dollars    Renminbi   Euros       Dollars
                                                                 ’000      ’000         ’000        ’000     ’000         ’000

                        Trade and other receivables                  –           3      2,519          –        11        4,316
                        Bank deposits and cash                     526           1      1,404        802         1          578
                        Trade and other payables                (1,223)          –     (3,785)         –       (25)      (3,903)

                        Exposure arising from recognised
                          assets and liabilities                 (697)           4       138         802       (13)        991
                        Highly probable forecast
                          purchases                                  –     (152)      (52,702)         –      (248)    (81,746)

                        Overall net exposure                     (697)     (148)      (52,564)       802      (261)    (80,755)


                (iv)    Sensitivity analysis
                        The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss after tax (and revenue
                        reserve) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the
                        end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained
                        constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the
                        United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United
                        States dollar against other currencies.

                                                     2016                                           2015
                                                Increase/                   Effect             Increase/                  Effect
                                               (decrease)        on loss after tax            (decrease)       on loss after tax
                                                in foreign           and revenue               in foreign          and revenue
                                           exchange rates                 reserve         exchange rates                reserve
                                                                         HK$’000                                      HK$’000


                        Renminbi                       5%                        37                   5%                     41
                        Euros                          5%                        51                   5%                     89


                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous
                        effects on each of the Group’s loss after tax and revenue reserve measured in the respective functional
                        currencies, translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting
                        period for presentation purposes.

                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-
                        measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency risk
                        at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the Group
                        which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower.
                        The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of
                        foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis
                        for 2015.

         (e) Fair values of financial instruments
                All financial instruments are carried at amounts not materially different from their fair values as at December
                31, 2016 and 2015.

84 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

28. COMMITMENTS
   Commitments outstanding as at December 31, 2016 not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                                2016                 2015
                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

   Capital commitments
   (i) Property, plant and equipment
        — Authorised and contracted for                                                        17,595               24,744
        — Authorised but not contracted for                                                   210,733              245,098

                                                                                              228,328              269,842

   (ii) Programming and other commitments
         — Authorised and contracted for                                                      423,009              669,934
         — Authorised but not contracted for                                                   61,531               64,608

                                                                                              484,540              734,542

   (iii) Operating lease commitments
          — Within one year                                                                    44,254               53,880
          — After one year but within five years                                               25,385               68,635
          — After five years                                                                    7,246               13,014

                                                                                               76,885              135,529


                                                                                              789,753           1,139,913


   (a) Operating lease commitments
         The Group leases a number of premises under operating leases for use as office premises, car parks,
         warehouses, district centres, remote camera sites, multipoint microwave distribution system transmission
         sites and hub sites. The terms of the leases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run for an initial
         period of two to fifteen years, with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are
         renegotiated. Lease payments are usually adjusted every two to three years to reflect market rentals. None of
         the leases includes contingent rentals.

         Some of the leased properties have been sublet by the Group under operating leases. The terms of the
         subleases vary and may be renewable on a monthly basis or run for an initial period of three years, with an
         option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated.

         The Group leases out decoders to subscribers under operating leases which are renewable on a monthly
         basis. None of the leases includes contingent rentals.

   (b) Future operating lease income
         The total future minimum sublease payments receivable under non-cancellable subleases at December 31,
         2016 amounted to HK$3,436,000 (2015: HK$21,130,000). The total future minimum lease payments
         receivable in respect of decoders and other equipment under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                2016                 2015
                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

         Within one year                                                                         3,505                2,146


                                                                          i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   85
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   29. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
         As at December 31, 2016, there were contingent liabilities in respect of the following:

         (i)      The Company has undertaken to provide financial support to certain of its subsidiaries in order to enable them
                  to continue to operate as going concerns.

         (ii)     Guarantees, indemnities and letters of awareness to a bank and a fellow subsidiary totally of HK$806,000,000
                  (2015: HK$606,000,000) in respect of overdraft and guarantee facilities to the subsidiaries. Of this amount, at
                  December 31, 2016, HK$590,000,000 (2015: HK$300,000,000) was utilised by the subsidiaries.

         As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has issued three separate guarantees to a bank and one
         guarantee to a fellow subsidiary in respect of loan facilities granted to two wholly owned subsidiaries. As at
         December 31, 2016, the directors do not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under
         any of the guarantee. The maximum liability of the Company at the end of the reporting period under the guarantees
         issued is the facilities drawn down by the wholly owned subsidiaries of HK$590,000,000 (2015: HK$300,000,000).



   30. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
         In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group entered
         into the following material related party transactions during the year ended December 31, 2016:

                                                                                                                               2016                    2015
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000


         Rentals payable and related management fees on land and buildings (Note (i))                                          55,486                 57,062
         Rentals receivable on land and buildings (Note (ii))                                                                   (6,424)                (7,535)
         Network repairs and maintenance services charges (Note (iii))                                                          (7,069)                (4,966)
         Management fees (Note (iv))                                                                                             8,960                  9,050
         Computer services (Note (v))                                                                                              523                    393
         Leased line and Public Non-Exclusive Telecommunications Service
           (“PNETS”) charges and international bandwidth access charges
           (Note (vi))                                                                                                          5,132                   5,662
         Telephony services fees (Note (vii))                                                                                   8,081                   9,598


         Notes:


         (i)      These represent rentals and related management fees paid to fellow subsidiaries in respect of office premises, car parks, warehouses, district
                  centres and hub sites. As at December 31, 2016, related rental deposits amounted to HK$12,507,509 (2015: HK$12,734,651).
         (ii)     This represents rentals received from fellow subsidiaries in respect of the lease of office premises.
         (iii)    This represents service charges to a fellow subsidiary in relation to the operation, repair and maintenance of ducts, cables and ancillary
                  equipment.
         (iv)     This represents costs incurred by a fellow subsidiary on the Group’s behalf which were recharged to the Group.
         (v)      This represents service charges paid to fellow subsidiaries for computer system maintenance and consulting services provided.
         (vi)     These represent service fees paid to a fellow subsidiary in respect of the leasing of datalines, PNETS charges and international bandwidth
                  access charges incurred.
         (vii)    This represents service charges paid to a fellow subsidiary in relation to the telephony services.




86 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

30. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   On November 9, 2016, Wharf T&T Limited (“WT&T”) has been disposed the entire equity interests by The Wharf
   (Holdings) Limited. Accordingly, the income and expenses which come from WT&T will no longer be included into
   the material related party transactions since the disposal.

   On December 12, 2016, Wharf Finance Limited, a fellow subsidiary has granted a revolving loan facility of
   HK$400,000,000 to a subsidiary of the Group on January 1, 2017 and which will be mature on December 31, 2017
   (2016: HK$400,000,000 revolving loan facility, with an original maturity date of December 31, 2016).

   The above material related party transactions include amounts which also constitute connected transactions as
   defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
   provided in the Section “Disclosure of Connected Transactions” of the Report of the Directors.

   Key management personnel remuneration
   Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the Company’s directors as disclosed in
   Note 7 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 8, is as follows:

                                                                                             2016                 2015
                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000


   Short-term employee benefits                                                             20,318               19,343
   Post-employment benefits                                                                    586                  599


                                                                                            20,904               19,942


   Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (See Note 5).



31. NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   After the end of the reporting period, the Group has entered into three sale and purchase agreements with third
   parties to sell two property holding companies and one real property, at a consideration of HK$81,850,000 in
   aggregate.




                                                                       i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   87
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   32. COMPANY LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                  2016          2015
                                                                                  Note         HK$’000       HK$’000


         Non-current assets
         Investments in subsidiaries                                                                  9             8
         Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                        4,317,828     5,053,216


                                                                                              4,317,837     5,053,224


         Current assets
         Prepayments and other receivables                                                            1             1
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                               16,355        48,851


                                                                                                 16,356        48,852


         Current liabilities
         Accrued expenses and other payables                                                      1,196         1,433
         Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                          1,349,637     1,017,465
         Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                                       5,139         4,600


                                                                                              1,355,972     1,023,498


         Net current liabilities                                                              (1,339,616)    (974,646)


         NET ASSETS                                                                           2,978,221     4,078,578


         Capital and reserves                                                     25(a)
         Share capital                                                                         6,857,599     6,857,599
         Reserves                                                                             (3,879,378)   (2,779,021)


         TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         2,978,221     4,078,578


         Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on March 15, 2017.




         Stephen T H Ng                                William J H Kwan
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer          Director and Chief Financial Officer




88 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

33. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
   Management considers the key source of estimation uncertainty lies in the recognition of deferred tax assets from
   unused tax losses. As explained in Note 1(n), all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that future
   taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised, are recognised. It is possible that adverse
   changes to the operating environment or the Group’s organisation structure could cause a future write-down of the
   deferred tax assets recognised.

   Apart from deferred tax assets, management also makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
   amounts of other assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and
   liabilities. Notes 1(c), 1(e), 1(g)(i), 1(g)(iv) and 1(g)(v), 1(h), 1(i), 1(j), 1(q), and Note 27(e) contain information about the
   assumptions and risk factors relating to useful lives of property, plant and equipment, net realisable value of
   commissioned programmes, films rights and perpetual film rights and films in progress, impairment of property,
   plant and equipment, intangible assets, inventories, financial assets at amortised cost and amounts due from
   subsidiaries on company level statement of financial position.

   The useful lives of property, plant and equipment are estimated at the time such assets are acquired and are based
   on historical experience with similar assets, also taking into account the anticipated technological or industrial
   changes in order to determine the amount of depreciation expense to be recorded during any reporting period. If
   these changes were to occur more rapidly than anticipated or in a different form than anticipated, the useful lives
   assigned to these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the recognition of increased depreciation expense
   in future periods.

   Net realisable values of commissioned programmes, films rights and perpetual film rights and films in progress are
   estimated based on the projected future revenue to be derived from all applicable territories and windows less cost
   to sell, taking into account historical performances of films and programmes with comparable budgets, casts, or
   other relevant qualities. Impairment is made for carrying costs that are in excess of the expected future revenue to
   be generated by these programmes and films. Films in progress are stated at cost less any impairment, taking into
   account the project status and estimated realisable value. If revenue actually generated were to fall short of
   forecasts, or there are changes in total projected ultimate gross revenues, amortisation may need to be increased,
   or impairment may need to be made to reduce the carrying value of individual programme or film to its realisable
   amount.

   Property, plant and equipment, inventories, and amounts due from subsidiaries on company level statement of
   financial position, intangible assets, various financial assets at amortised cost are reviewed for impairment whenever
   events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may exceed the realisable value. If any
   such indication exists, the asset’s realisable value is estimated and an impairment loss is recognised.

   The value in use of property, plant and equipment, inventories, intangible assets and amounts due from subsidiaries
   on company level statement of financial position represent the amount that these assets are expected to generate
   based on reasonable and supportable assumptions. The value of financial assets at amortised cost are calculated
   based on estimated future cash flows considering reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
   available without undue cost or effort, including historical experience, informed credit assessment and forward-
   looking information.

   Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.




                                                                                  i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016     89
   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   34. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
       ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
         Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of amendments and new
         standards which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2016 and which have not been adopted in
         these financial statements. These include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                 Effective for
                                                                                                 accounting periods
                                                                                                 beginning on or after


         Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows: Disclosure initiative                    January 1, 2017
         Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Recognition of deferred tax assets for
          unrealised losses                                                                      January 1, 2017
         HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers                                         January 1, 2018
         Amendments to HKFRS 2, Share-based payment:
          Classification and measurement of share-based payment transactions                     January 1, 2018
         HKFRS 16, Leases                                                                        January 1, 2019

         The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments and new standards
         is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far the Group has identified some aspects of the new
         standards which may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. Further details of the
         expected impacts are discussed below. As the Group has not completed its assessment, further impacts may be
         identified in due course and will be taken into consideration when determining whether to adopt any of these new
         requirements before their effective date and which transitional approach to take, where there are alternative
         approaches allowed under the new standards.

         HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers
         HKFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue from contracts with customers. HKFRS
         15 will replace the existing revenue standards, HKAS 18, Revenue, which covers revenue arising from sale of goods
         and rendering of services, and HKAS 11, Construction contracts, which specifies the accounting for revenue from
         construction contracts. The Group is currently assessing the impacts of adopting HKFRS 15 on its financial
         statements. Based on the preliminary assessment, the Group has identified that the timing of revenue recognition is
         likely to be affected. The Group’s revenue recognition policies are disclosed in note 1(l). Currently, revenue arising
         from the installation services are generally recognised upon completion of the related installation works whereas
         revenue from licensing of television rights is recognised in full upon delivery of the programmes.

         Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains control of the promised good or service in the
         contract. HKFRS 15 identifies 3 situations in which control of the promised good or service is regarded as being
         transferred over time:
         (i)    When the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity’s performance,
                as the entity performs;
         (ii)   When the entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset (for example work in progress) that the customer
                controls as the asset is created or enhanced;
         (iii) When the entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has
                an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
         If the contract terms and the entity’s activities do not fall into any of these 3 situations, then under HKFRS 15 the
         entity recognises revenue for the sale of that good or service at a single point in time, being when control has
         passed. Transfer of risks and rewards of ownership is only one of the indicators that will be considered in
         determining when the transfer of control occurs.


90 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

34. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
   (Continued)

   HKFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
   As a result of this change from the risk-and-reward approach to the contract-by-contract transfer-of-control
   approach, it is possible that once the Group adopts HKFRS 15 some of the Group’s installation fees and income
   from licensing that are currently recognised at a point in time may meet the HKFRS 15 criteria for revenue
   recognition over time. This will depend on the terms of the sales contract and the enforceability of any specific
   performance clauses in that contract, which may vary depending on the jurisdiction in which the contract would be
   enforced. It is also possible that for the remainder of the Group’s contracts the point in time when revenue is
   recognised may be earlier or later than under the current accounting policy. However, further analysis is required to
   determine whether this change in accounting policy may have a material impact on the amounts reported in any
   given financial reporting period.

   HKFRS 16, Leases
   As disclosed in Note 1(f), currently the Group classifies leases into finance leases and operating leases and accounts
   for the lease arrangements differently, depending on the classification of the lease. The Group enters into some
   leases as the lessor and others as the lessee.

   HKFRS 16 is not expected to impact significantly on the way that lessors account for their rights and obligations
   under a lease. However, once HKFRS 16 is adopted, lessees will no longer distinguish between finance leases and
   operating leases. Instead, subject to practical expedients, lessees will account for all leases in a similar way to
   current finance lease accounting, i.e. at the commencement date of the lease the lessee will recognise and measure
   a lease liability at the present value of the minimum future lease payments and will recognise a corresponding “right-
   of-use” asset. After initial recognition of this asset and liability, the lessee will recognise interest expense accrued on
   the outstanding balance of the lease liability, and the depreciation of the right-of-use asset, instead of the current
   policy of recognising rental expenses incurred under operating leases on a systematic basis over the lease term. As
   a practical expedient, the lessee can elect not to apply this accounting model to short-term leases (i.e. where the
   lease term is 12 months or less) and to leases of low-value assets, in which case the rental expenses would
   continue to be recognised on a systematic basis over the lease term.

   HKFRS 16 will primarily affect the Group’s accounting as a lessee of leases for properties, plant and equipment
   which are currently classified as operating leases. The application of the new accounting model is expected to lead
   to an increase in both assets and liabilities and to impact on the timing of the expense recognition in the statement
   of profit or loss over the period of the lease.



35. IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTIES
   The Directors consider the immediate and the ultimate controlling parties at December 31, 2016 to be Wharf
   Communications Limited and Wheelock and Company Limited, respectively, both of which are incorporated in
   Hong Kong. Wheelock and Company Limited produces financial statements available for public use.



36. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Directors on March 15, 2017.




                                                                              i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016   91
   FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
   (Expressed in HK$ million)


                                                                      2012                2013                2014               2015                2016

   Results

   Revenue                                                            2,127              1,932               1,666               1,510              1,406
   Operating expenses                                                (2,402)            (2,020)             (1,804)             (1,752)            (1,718)

   Loss from operations                                                (275)                (88)               (138)              (242)               (312)
   Interest income                                                         1                   1                   –                  –                  –
   Finance costs, net                                                     (4)                 (3)                 (1)                (3)                (5)
   Non-operating (expenses)/income                                         6                   –                   –                 (1)                (1)
   Impairment losses on investment                                        (1)                  –                   –                  –                  –

   Loss before taxation                                                (273)                (90)              (139)               (246)               (318)
   Income tax                                                             (5)                 (3)                –                  13                   5

   Loss for the year                                                   (278)                (93)              (139)               (233)               (313)

   Attributable to:
     Equity shareholders of the Company                                (278)                (93)              (139)               (233)               (313)

   Assets and Liabilities

   Property, plant and equipment                                     1,024                 934                 893                 874                 894
   Programming library                                                 109                 138                 168                 156                 169
   Intangible assets                                                     4                   4                   4                   4                   2
   Interest in associate                                                 –                   –                   –                   –                   –
   Deferred tax assets                                                 323                 311                 303                 309                 306
   Other non-current assets                                             59                  56                  58                  63                  43
   Current assets                                                      447                 331                 243                 193                 211

   Total assets                                                      1,966               1,774               1,669              1,599               1,625

   Current liabilities                                                  528                539                 582                 754              1,102
   Deferred tax liabilities                                              44                 34                  25                  17                  9
   Other non-current liabilities                                          9                  8                   9                   9                  9
   Bank loans                                                           100                  –                   –                   –                  –

   Total liabilities                                                    681                581                 616                 780              1,120

   Share capital: nominal value                                      2,012               2,012                     –                  –                   –
   Other statutory capital reserves                                  4,846               4,846                     –                  –                   –

   Share capital and other statutory
     capital reserves                                                6,858               6,858               6,858               6,858              6,858
   Other reserves                                                   (5,573)             (5,665)             (5,805)             (6,039)            (6,353)

   Total equity attributable to equity
     shareholders of the Company                                     1,285               1,193               1,053                 819                 505

   Total liabilities and equity                                      1,966               1,774               1,669              1,599               1,625


   Note:


   As the term “share capital” includes share premium account and capital redemption reserve from the commencement date of the new CO of March 3, 2014,
   but not before that date, presentation of “capital and reserves” has been revised by providing further breakdown in order to be consistent with both the old
   and new terminology.




92 i-CABLE Communications Limited Annual Report 2016
A Chinese version of this annual report is available from the Company upon request
                  如有需要，可向本公司索取本年報之中文版本
                                                                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                                                                                 i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                                                                                 STOCK CODE: 1097




                                                                                                                                  2016
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT




                               i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                                             STOCK CODE: 1097




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2016




CABLE TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong
www.i-cablecomm.com
