PERFORMANCE DELIVERED
In times of transcendence and uncertainty, HKBN’s focus on
core principles is paramount. Amidst this year’s challenges,
our obsessive fixation on operational efficiency has catalysed
enhancements within our business that have not only
culminated in improved profitability and EBITDA, but also set
us on a trajectory towards better fundamental performance.
Simultaneously, by launching Hong Kong’s first 25Gbps
service and a wide array of powerful ICT solutions for
enterprises, HKBN is actively leading the way — ensuring our
growth and sustainability well into the future.
CONTENTS
2          2024 at a Glance
Our Company
4    About HKBN Group
6    Shareholder Letter
8    Board of Directors
12   Senior Management
20   Our Strategy
Our Performance
29   Key Financial and Operational Summary
32   Management Discussion and Analysis
37   Report of the Directors
53   Innovating for Customers
58   Feature | Creating Opportunity: The New Era of Connectivity
60   Feature | Infinite-play: The Convergence of Disruptive Value and Choice
62   ESG | Talent Co-Ownership
75   ESG | Technology for Good
84   ESG | Transforming Business
Our Governance
116 Corporate Governance Report
Other Information
139 Auditor’s Report
146 Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements
234 Five-Year Summary
236 ESG Limited Assurance Report
242 Environmental Performance Summary
244 Social Performance Summary
246 ESG Content Indexes
259 Corporate Information



Unless otherwise stated, all monetary figures from this Report are in Hong Kong dollars. This Report is published in
both English and Chinese. Where the English and the Chinese texts conflict, the English text shall prevail.
2024 at a Glance


Financial Performance
                Revenue                             EBITDA growth

                $10.7B                             3%
Customers
Network covers nearly


                2.6                                8,200
                 million homes     commercial buildings and facilities
                                   (including 100% of Grade A & B or above premises)




932,000
residential customers
                                   98,000
                                   enterprise customers




2   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                        2024 at a Glance


Talent Interest Alignment                                                  Data Privacy & Security


                                                                                                1.49%
                   Achieved a target of
                   reducing FY24 electricity
                   usage by


                   14%                                                                          average failure rate in
                                                                                                internal phishing assessment
                                                                                                (far below global standard of 4.9%)*

                   which is linked to salaries
                   of our senior executives
                   (relative to FY22)




Diversity & Inclusion                                                      Impactful Customer Experience

                     25.7%                                                                      Received


                                                                                                5,703
                     of female representation
                     in technical roles
                                                                                                complimentary notes

Digital Inclusion
for Our Communities                                                        Climate Action
                   Trained up around                                                            Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions


                   10,000
                                                                                                reduced by



                    SPOs staff via complimentary
                                                                                                19.24%
                                                                                                 (against FY22 baseline)
                    cybersecurity phishing
                    email drills




*   KnowBe4 2024 Phishing By Industry Benchmarking Report: https://www.knowbe4.com/resources/whitepaper/phishing-by-industry-benchmarking-report



                                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024          3
About HKBN Group

An ICT Powerhouse

Since our inception in 1999, HKBN has evolved from a humble startup to a disruptive telco, and now, a leading ICT
powerhouse. Throughout this transformative journey, our goal has never changed: to enhance and redefine how
customers live, learn, work, and play by delivering the most innovative and dependable services at exceptional value.

Today, HKBN is a fully integrated one-stop ICT powerhouse with operations spanning Hong Kong, Macao, and mainland
China. We take great pride in our diverse team of Talents who bring together a broad spectrum of technological
expertise. Besides connectivity, our array of services, solutions, and technologies enriches the lives of residential
customers and empowers enterprise customers to operate better by achieving greater efficiency, scalability and agility.

Whether it’s connecting nearly a million households and about 100,000 businesses with premier ICT solutions, or the
initiatives undertaken to empower marginalised communities, we greet each day as an opportunity to realise our Core
Purpose:




                                MAKE OUR HOME
                             A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE

Through this Core Purpose, we believe HKBN’s business is at its best when we are PURPOSE + PROFIT driven. By no
coincidence, our purpose functions to guarantee that we deliver the best outcomes and experiences for customers.
Consequently, our offerings always uphold an exceptional level of desirability, leading to better uptake and better overall
profitability.

Our Co-Ownership Edge

HKBN stands out as the only ICT powerhouse in Hong Kong led by hundreds of Co-Owners who have a vested financial
interest to grow our business, outperform the competition, and deliver greater shareholder returns. Our leadership
model revolves around unique Co-Ownership Plans that enable all supervisory and managerial Talents to voluntarily
invest their personal savings into HKBN. This dual role as investors and Talents imbues our Co-Owners with a “skin-in-
the-game” motivation to oversee HKBN’s performance and competitiveness, always with the Group’s best interests in
mind.




4    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                            About HKBN Group


WHAT WE DO
HKBN provides connectivity and productivity for individuals and businesses alike, contributing significantly to the
advancement of society in our operational regions.




   High Speed Fibre                                                                           OTT Entertainment &
         Broadband                                                                            Music Streaming


 Managed Wi-Fi with
     Home Network                                                                             Household & Personal
Security and Parental                                                                         Cybersecurity
             Control
                                                  Infinite-play

   Home Telephone                                 services for                                Home Insurance
                                                  households

     Mobile Services                                                                          Healthcare Service




                                                                                              e-Commerce
  Roaming Solutions                                                                           Shopping




                                                                                              Voice, Collaboration
        Connectivity
                                                                                              and Mobile Services



          Cloud and
        Data Centre
                                                                                              IT-as-a-Service
                                                    Diverse

  System Integration                             ICT solutions
                                                for enterprises
                                                                                              Managed Services
              Digital
      Transformation


                                                                                              Hybrid Work &
       Cybersecurity                                                                          Business Continuity
                                                                                              Solutions


                                                                                   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024     5
Shareholder Letter

Dear Fellow Shareholders,


                                                 Simply Deliver!

In challenging times, HKBN stands strong and simply delivers.
Throughout my journey as a founding HKBN Co-Owner, I have faced two pivotal moments:
1.   In 2015, I faced immense pressure to deliver a successful IPO. This was a critical inflection point, as success meant
     that more than 80 Co-Owners, each having invested an average of two years’ salary, could receive a meaningful
     return on their trust in our senior management’s vision.
2.   I needed to clearly show our shareholders that FY24 was the year we start harvesting from synergies generated by
     our acquisitions of WTT and JOS, despite the prevailing macro and micro-economic hurdles.
With the commitment of our Talents, the support of our business partners and the trust of our shareholders, we
weathered the storm and emerged stronger. Despite a landscape fraught with risks such as business closures and muted
ARPU growth, our above-market performance speaks volumes about our adaptability, execution, and strategic vision.
Zooming into our FY24 operational performance, our team’s focused efforts have yielded enhanced value offerings by
bundling our core high-margin FTNS (fixed telecommunications network services) with our high-growth potential ICT
portfolio for enterprise customers. In the residential market, our bundle-strategy continued the momentum of price
increases as we introduced even more products and services aimed at household consumers.
Our disciplined execution on improving gross profit margins, scalability, and product bundling across enterprise and
residential segments, drove a 6% year-on-year EBITDA growth (excluding handset business). This above-market result
enables us to generate an improved cash position, reduce our balance sheet leverage and prime HKBN for stronger
growth.
Zooming out to FY25 and beyond, our growth trajectory remains robust and sustainable with the following:
•    We are the first to offer above 10Gbps to 25Gbps in our core high-margin FTNS with a money-back dual guarantee
     on speed and latency. Through this, we address the demand for faster broadband speeds as highlighted by data
     from the Office of the Communications Authority, and bolster our customer acquisition, retention, and up-selling
     efforts.
•    We are the first to bundle the most diverse array of IT services, including hybrid & multi-cloud solutions, as well as
     our comprehensive HKBNCare+ IT-as-a-Service programme for Enterprise customers. In the Residential space,
     we’re focused on ARPH (Average Revenue Per Household) by offering the broadest selection of OTT video content,
     home insurance & healthcare plans, and more.
•    We are the first to offer ultra-competitive roaming-sim services to 7.5 million people in Hong Kong. Unlike legacy
     mobile operators, we don’t have to worry about cannibalisation.
•    Full-year positive impacts stemming from operational streamlining and automation initiatives that we started in
     FY24.
With these unique edges, we are well positioned to deliver results that are better than our FY24 performance.
While external challenges affect all industry players equally, it is our internal “capability to deliver” that makes the
difference.
We delivered!
We will continue to deliver, with the right balance among investing for growth, deleveraging and creating value and
return for our shareholders.

Sincerely yours,




William Yeung
Co-Owner, Executive Vice-chairman & Group CEO



6    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                          Shareholder Letter




William Yeung
Co-Owner,
Executive Vice-chairman
& Group CEO




                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   7
Board of Directors
(as at the date of this Report)



                                    Chairman and Independent Non-executive Director

                                    Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ, aged 69, is an Independent Non-executive Director, the
                                    chairman of the Board, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration
                                    Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Horwitz has
                                    over 30 years of experience in the wireless and telecommunication industry. Mr.
                                    Horwitz is one of the Co-Founders of Trilogy International Partners, a company listed
                                    on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer
                                    and a director of the company. Trilogy International Partners was established to
                                    acquire wireless international assets in Haiti and Bolivia and to develop additional
                                    international wireless assets, primarily in South America and the Caribbean. Prior to
                                    establishing Trilogy International Partners, Mr. Horwitz served as the President of
                                    Western Wireless Corporation. Previously, Mr. Horwitz was the founder and the Chief
                                    Operating Officer of SmarTone Mobile Communications Limited. Mr. Horwitz also
                                    worked in various management capacities for McCaw Cellular including serving as
                                    the Vice President of International Operations and the Director of Business
                                    Development. Mr. Horwitz presently serves as the Director of the Center for Global
                                    Development and the Mobile Giving Foundation. Mr. Horwitz graduated from San
                                    Diego State University, U.S. with a Bachelor of Science Degree in 1978.




                                    Executive Director

                                    Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG (also known as William YEUNG), aged 63, is the Executive
                                    Director, a member of the ESG Committee, the Executive Vice-chairman, and Group
                                    Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He is also a director and supervisor of
                                    certain subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Yeung joined the Group in 2005 as the Chief
                                    Operating Officer and was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer in 2008 and the
                                    Executive Vice-chairman in 2018 to focus on engaging key strategic partners and
                                    exploring new business opportunities for the Group. Prior to joining the Group, Mr.
                                    Yeung was the Director of customers division at SmarTone Mobile Communications
                                    Limited. Mr. Yeung is also an independent non-executive director, the chairman of
                                    the nomination committee, a member of the audit committee and the remuneration
                                    committee of Hung Fook Tong Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1446). He
                                    obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Hong Kong Baptist University in December
                                    1992, a Master of Business Administration Degree from the University of Strathclyde,
                                    U.K. in November 1995 and a Master of Science Degree in Electronic Commerce and
                                    Internet Computing from the University of Hong Kong in November 2001. In 2010,
                                    Mr. Yeung was recognised as Champion of Human Resources by The Hong Kong
                                    HRM Awards. Mr. Yeung is a proud Co-Owner of the Company.




8    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                Board of Directors
                                                           (as at the date of this Report)



Non-executive Directors

Ms. Shengping YU, aged 39, is a Non-executive Director and a member of the
Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms. Yu is a director at MBK Partners. She
joined MBK Partners in 2011 and has been involved in MBK Partners’ investments in
the telecommunications and media industries, including WTT Holding Corp and
China Network Systems Co., Ltd. Prior to joining MBK Partners, Ms. Yu was an
associate in the investment banking division of Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong
providing corporate advisory services, and she was also a consultant at Oliver Wyman
in New York where she engaged in various projects, including due diligence, strategic
planning, product launch, and operational improvement. Ms. Yu currently serves on
the board of directors of Shanghai Siyanli Industrial Co., Ltd. and has experience
serving on the board of directors of CAR Inc. Ms. Yu received a Bachelor of Arts
degree in economics from Harvard College and an MBA from the Wharton School of
University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Yu is a Chartered Financial Analyst.




Mr. Liyang ZHANG, aged 38, is a Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit
Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Zhang is a
Managing Director with TPG Capital Asia (“TPG”) since 2021. Mr. Zhang is leading
TPG’s TMT and consumer investments in Greater China. Prior to TPG, Mr. Zhang was
with CITIC Capital for more than a decade. Before CITIC Capital, he worked at
McKinsey in Shanghai. Mr. Zhang was the non-executive director of Asiainfo
Technologies Limited (stock code: 1675), a leading Chinese telecom software
company, from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Zhang holds an MBA from Institut Européen
d’Administration des Affaires (INSEAD) and a Bachelor of Engineering degree from
Chukochen Honors College, Zhejiang University.




                                                    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024        9
Board of Directors
(as at the date of this Report)



                                    Independent Non-executive Directors

                                    Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG, aged 56, is an Independent Non-executive Director,
                                    the chairman of the ESG Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee
                                    of the Company. Ms. Cheung is an independent non-executive director of Hong
                                    Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (stock code: 0388), a director of HKEX
                                    Foundation Limited and serves on the board of LGT Capital Partners Group Holding
                                    Ltd. She has over 20 years of experience in private equity and financial industries. Ms.
                                    Cheung has also built up extensive business strategic and operational experiences
                                    through her former role as the Chief Executive of Jardine Pacific Limited from 2015 to
                                    2020, with the responsibility of overseeing the company’s operations across a broad
                                    range of sectors in Hong Kong, mainland China, and South East Asia. Prior to her
                                    appointment at Jardine Pacific Limited, Ms. Cheung served as a senior advisor to
                                    private equity firms, FountainVest Partners and LionRock Capital. Ms. Cheung joined
                                    3i Group Plc (“3i Group”) in 2001 and became a Partner of the company in 2008. As
                                    one of the founding partners of 3i Group’s China business, Ms. Cheung led consumer
                                    and technology related investment projects and served on the board of several
                                    investment portfolio companies. Prior to that, she worked at private equity and
                                    investment banking firms, including Intel Capital, J.H. Whitney, Bankers Trust
                                    Company, and Salomon Brothers in the areas of investments, corporate finance,
                                    capital markets, and mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Cheung holds a Bachelor of Arts
                                    (Computer Science) at the University of California, Berkeley, US and a Master in
                                    Business Administration (Finance) at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania,
                                    US.




10   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Board of Directors
                                                                (as at the date of this Report)



Ms. Cordelia CHUNG, aged 65, is an Independent Non-executive Director and a member
of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Ms.
Chung is an independent non-executive director, chairperson of the remuneration
committee and member of the nomination committee of Hang Seng Bank Limited (stock
code: 0011); an independent non-executive director, member of the nomination committee
and the remuneration committee of Hysan Development Company Limited (stock code:
0014); and an independent non-executive director of Arup Group Limited (“Arup”), a
company headquartered in the UK with operations in 141 countries. Ms. Chung is a
member of the risk committee, assurance committee and leadership appointments
committee of Arup. Ms. Chung also serves on the Human Resources Planning Commission
of HKSAR Government, the Court of City University Hong Kong, and is the chairperson of
Maryknoll Convent School Foundation Limited, the school sponsoring body of her alma
mater.

Ms. Chung is a corporate leader with extensive multinational and industry experience,
specialised in information technology, with knowledge in building industry, and trained and
practised as a lawyer. Ms. Chung spent over 20 years with IBM, a leader in information
technology, and was the first Asian female executive to sit on IBM Chairman & CEO’s
Strategy Team, setting strategic directions for IBM globally spanning 175 countries. She
held senior leadership positions in IBM including Regional General Manager in charge of
all Southeast Asian countries (IBM ASEAN), General Manager for IBM China/Hong Kong
Limited, as well as Vice President and General Counsel for Asia Pacific. During her IBM
career, she was posted to Tokyo, Beijing, Shanghai and Singapore.

Ms. Chung was awarded the Medal of Honour in 2024 by the Hong Kong Government for
her contributions in information and technology and human resources planning in Hong
Kong over the years, as well as her active participation in public service. She was also
awarded the Directors of the Year Award by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in 2022
for statutory and non-profit organisations category for her distinguished service as an
independent non-executive director in Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks
Corporation. She holds a bachelor’s honours degree in law and a postgraduate certificate
in laws, both from the University of Hong Kong, and a diploma in Chinese law from China
University of Political Science and Law. Ms. Chung practised with the international law firm
Baker & McKenzie in her early career. She is a member of The Law Society of Hong Kong
and was admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong, England and Wales, Singapore and Australia.




Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG, aged 61, is an Independent Non-executive Director, the
chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Nomination Committee and
the ESG Committee of the Company. Ms. Chung is an independent non-executive
director of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, one of the triple stapled entities forming
the Goodman Group (GMG) and the stapled securities are traded on the Australian
Securities Exchange (ASX). She retired as a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers on 1
July 2023. During her time with PricewaterhouseCoopers, she provided professional
services in relation to auditing, accounting, risk assurance etc. Ms. Chung holds a
bachelor in economics degree from Monash University in Australia. She is a member
of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Chartered
Accountants Australia and New Zealand.



                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024       11
Senior Management
(as at the date of this Report)




                                                    3
                                  2
                                                                                                5
                                                                           4
     1




1.       Catherine CHENG                       3.   Samuel HUI
         Chief Talent Officer                       Co-Owner & Chief Operating Officer
                                                    – Enterprise Solutions
2.       Danny LI
         Co-Owner & Chief Technology Officer   4.   Elinor SHIU
                                                    Co-Owner & Chief Executive Officer
                                                    – Residential Solutions

                                               5.   Dr. Denis YIP
                                                    President & Group Chief Operating Officer



12       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Senior Management
                                                                                              (as at the date of this Report)




                                                      8                                        10
     6
                              7                                          9




6.   William YEUNG                                        9.   Kenneth SHE
     Co-Owner, Executive Vice-chairman & Group CEO             Chief Transformation Officer

7.   Derek YUE                                            10. Sophia YAP
     Co-Owner & Chief Financial Officer                       Co-Owner & Chief Legal Officer

8.   Dr. Gabriel LEUNG
     Chief Executive Officer – Enterprise Solutions




                                                                                    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024         13
Senior Management

Senior Management

Ms. Wai Sze CHENG (also known as Catherine CHENG), aged 58, the Chief Talent Officer of the Group. Catherine
joined HKBN as Chief Talent Officer in 2023. She leads the company’s Talent strategy, particularly as Hong Kong
Broadband Network continues its transcendence from a legacy telecommunications provider to a comprehensive one-
stop ICT powerhouse.

With specialised expertise in both the HR and IT industries, Catherine brings over 25 years of experience in leadership
positions. She has previously served as APAC HR Director at Atos Group, Vice President of HR & Administration at
Automated Systems Hong Kong, and Human Resources Director at Computer Science Corporation. Describing herself
as a change-maker, Catherine is a seasoned expert in delivering business results and driving transformation for the
companies she has worked with.

Catherine holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Pacific Western University. Her extensive knowledge
and experience in HR and IT make her well-suited to drive the talent strategy and support HKBN’s evolution into an ICT
powerhouse.

Mr. Zin Yiu HUI (also known as Samuel HUI), aged 35, the Chief Operating Officer — Enterprise Solutions and a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Group. Samuel joined the Group in 2016. Ever since, Samuel has taken on many
trailblazing roles to propel the Group towards its vision of becoming an ICT powerhouse.

In 2016, Samuel spearheaded the launch of HKBN’s mobile services, marking the Group’s first significant venture beyond
broadband. Within two years, HKBN’s mobile business became the fastest-growing mobile operator in Hong Kong,
gaining over 2% penetration into the competitive post-paid mobile market. In 2018, he was appointed Head of Digital,
where he transformed HKBN’s customer-facing digital platforms, including customer relationship management (CRM)
technologies, to provide a seamless omni-channel B2C experience. These digital achievements earned Samuel the title
of IDC’s 2020 DX Leader of Hong Kong.

In 2020, Samuel ascended to the role of Chief Transformation Officer, leading HKBN’s digital transformation strategy
across the Group. The following year, Samuel led the integration of Jardine One Solutions (JOS) into HKBN’s offerings,
combining the strengths of both companies to deliver comprehensive ICT solutions to enterprise customers.

By 2023, Samuel was named as Chief Strategy Officer — Enterprise Solutions, driving the productisation and
commercialisation of HKBN’s technology capabilities to offer IT-as-a-Service and one-stop connectivity solutions to SMEs
across the region.

In 2024, Samuel was appointed Chief Operating Officer, where he leads HKBNES in shaping and executing its ICT
transcendence strategy. As a digital and data-driven leader, Samuel is dedicated to driving transformative productivity
gains through new ways of working and to fostering a culture of innovation within the organisation. His focus ensures
sustainable and disciplined growth of our telecom and technology services business. He firmly believes that operations
should lead the business from the frontline, and not be relegated to the backend.

Prior to HKBN, Samuel spent four years at Oliver Wyman, a top-tier management consultancy in New York, advising
Fortune 500 financial services clients on business growth and transformation strategies. Samuel is an alumnus of
Dartmouth College, USA, holding two bachelor’s degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Liberal Arts. Samuel is a proud
Co-Owner of HKBN.




14   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Senior Management

Dr. Shing Koon LEUNG (also known as Gabriel LEUNG), aged 65, the Chief Executive Officer — Enterprise Solutions
of the Group. Gabriel is responsible for leading the strategic development and operations of HKBN’s enterprise
business. Gabriel’s focus is on driving growth through innovative ICT solutions tailored to meet customer needs.

With over 30 years of deep experience in the ICT sector, Gabriel has a distinguished track record of building and leading
organisations towards profitable growth through business transformation and operational excellence. Known as a
strategic and innovative thinker, he excels at navigating challenges during times of economic uncertainty and mergers.

Gabriel has held major leadership positions at world-class technology companies. Notably, he served as Managing
Director for Hong Kong and Macao at Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) from 2017 to 2023. Under his stewardship, HPE
achieved record-breaking performance with consistent revenue growth, and was recognised with HPE Asia Pacific Best
Country Award in 2022.

Prior to that, Gabriel served as Executive Director at HKC International Holdings Limited, and led a major transformation
from telecommunications to innovative ICT solutions, resulting in a double digit growth in 2016 and critical partnership
with tech giants like Microsoft and Huawei. During his tenure as General Manager for Hong Kong and Macao at EMC
Corporation from 1999 to 2015, Gabriel played a key role in growing the company into the market leader, he helped the
company to grow the revenue 10 times during his tenure.

He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronic and Electrical Engineering from the University of Birmingham, UK,
and a Doctor of Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

Gabriel is also actively engaged in community service. He holds key leadership positions in various ICT associations, such
as Vice President of the Hong Kong Computer Society, Vice Chairman of the Communications Association Hong Kong.
Gabriel’s passion for cultivating talent and driving innovation is prominently reflected through his involvement in advisory
committees and educational initiatives, which includes serving as a member of the Innovation and Technology Fund,
Research Project Assessment Panel for the Hong Kong SAR Government.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   15
Senior Management

Mr. Yau Chung LI (also known as Danny LI), aged 54, the Chief Technology Officer of the Group. Danny joined HKBN
in 2017 and was appointed as Chief Technology Officer in 2020. With over 29 years of experience in telecom
infrastructure engineering, and operations, sales, and marketing, Danny now spearheads HKBN’s network planning,
development and implementation. His leadership ensures that the network strategy aligns the Group’s future growth. He
is ushering in a new era of high-speed connectivity into Hong Kong by introducing the latest 25G PON (passive optical
network) technology. Danny also prioritises a robust information security strategy, integrating the latest security best
practices into HKBN’s IT system and network infrastructure. Additionally, Danny also transformed HKBN’s in-house
Network Operations Centre (NOC) into a NOC-as-a-Service, benefiting the Hong Kong digital community and business.

Before joining HKBN, Danny spent 11 years at a regional system integration company under Japan’s KDDI Group. During
his tenure, he safeguarded regional customers, including those involved in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, from cyber
threats. Additionally, he played a pivotal role in building the first MPLS IP VPN in the Asia Pacific back in 2001, connecting
the region to the rest of the world.

Danny has a bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering and a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering (majoring in
telecommunications) from the University of Alberta, Canada. Started in 2022, he serves as the President of Fixed Network
& VAS Group of Communications Association of Hong Kong. Danny is a proud Co-Owner of HKBN.

Mr. Chun Chi SHE (also known as Kenneth SHE), aged 37, the Chief Transformation Officer of the Group. Kenneth
joined HKBN in 2023 and responsible for driving synergy and transformative growth across the residential and enterprise
business segments. A young and dynamic C-suite executive, Kenneth brings an incredible combination of experiences as
both entrepreneur and corporate leader from industries like technology, education, healthcare, mobility and finance.

Prior to joining HKBN, he was the Chief Operating Officer at Preface, a Series A EdTech venture that evolved into a
market leader in coding/AI education training. Before that, Kenneth served as CEO of Humansa, a flagship elderly care
and wellness platform under New World Group. He was also Uber Hong Kong’s first employee and General Manager to
grow the ride-sharing platform into a ubiquitous service in Hong Kong with millions of users and drivers.

Kenneth holds a master’s degree in engineering, economics, and management from the University of Oxford, with full
scholarship as both the Hang Seng Overseas Scholar and Lee Shau Kee Scholar. In 2019, he was included in Tatler’s list
of Generation T Asia honourees. Kenneth is currently the Chairman of Selections and Board Member of the United World
Colleges Hong Kong Committee.




16   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Senior Management

Ms. Yung Yin SHIU (also known as Elinor SHIU), aged 53, the Chief Executive Officer — Residential Solutions and a
director of a subsidiary of the Group. A home-grown Talent in every sense of the word, Elinor joined the Group in 1994
as a Marketing Trainee and was appointed as Chief Marketing Officer — Residential Solutions in March 2019 and became
Chief Executive Officer — Residential Solutions in September 2020 to lead the strategic development and operations of
HKBN’s residential market business. Working her way up, she is one of the key individuals credited for growing HKBN
from a startup of less than 100 Talents to a powerhouse in the ICT industry. In 2002, Elinor left the Group for a brief two-
year intermission with HGC, where she focused on corporate marketing. She rejoined HKBN in 2004.

Throughout her years with HKBN, Elinor earned wide-ranging exposure across various business areas and functional
teams. Her array of experiences extended from marketing for residential and corporate sectors, all the way to overall
business management for HKBN’s residential business. In 2008, she was appointed as a Mini-CEO and was granted the
mantle to oversee the Group’s business in Kowloon East district, managing 25% of the Group’s residential business
revenue in Hong Kong. After five successful years of leadership under her belt, Elinor transformed from a seasoned
marketer into an experienced management executive driven to become HKBN’s CXO of the future. In 2018, she was
appointed as Head of Residential Marketing, steering digitalisation and omni-channel customer experience, as well as
the Group’s highly successful transformation from a broadband provider into the quad-play provider of choice for Hong
Kongers. With her appointment as CEO — Residential Solutions, Elinor is relentlessly driving HKBN’s growth as a
showcase of best practices for the ICT industry.

She holds an executive master of business administration degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. Elinor is a
proud Co-Owner of HKBN.

Ms. Pei Kwun YAP (also known as Sophia YAP), aged 54, the Chief Legal Officer of the Group. With over 25 years as
leader and strategic advisor in corporate legal, compliance, risk management, government relations and regulatory
affairs to Fortune 500 companies, Sophia has multi-sector proficiencies in M&As, risk and crisis management, corporate
change management, technology licensing and intellectual property.

With a background in computer science and Green Belt and Lean Six Sigma certified, Sophia helped Fortune 500
companies develop award winning Regtech solutions. She holds double degree with Bachelor of Laws and Bachelor of
Commerce (majoring in accounting, information systems and data analytics) from Australia, and is admitted as a Barrister
and Solicitor in Australia. Sophia started her career as a banker in Australia, and was recruited to Hong Kong by Baker &
McKenzie. She served a variety of regional roles for Fortune 500 companies such as General Electric and CBRE, including
as Asia Pacific Technology Counsel, Asia Pacific Senior Counsel — Litigation and Compliance, Asia Pacific General
Counsel and Deputy Global Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, overseeing matters covering over 60 countries. Sophia
has also served business and legal roles in the private equity and venture capital markets.

Sophia is a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators and served as Founding Member and Director of Knowledge
Transfer & Technology Licensing of the Hong Kong O2O E-Commerce Federation, and as Founding Board Member,
Executive Director of the Hong Kong Medical & Healthcare Device Industries Association and as Social Innovation and
Strategic Advisor for Sheng Kung Hui Welfare Council. She currently serves as an Appeal Panel (Housing) member, and
member of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University’s Knowledge Transfer Committee and Entrepreneurship Investment
Fund, and in the Elderly Services Management Committee of the Hong Kong Chinese Women’s Club. She is
professionally recognised in Legal 500’s GC Powerlist with accolades from Lexology’s Global Counsel Awards, Asia
Pacific’s Leading Women Lawyer from Asia Legal Business, Asia Pacific Innovative Lawyers Award from the Financial
Times, Asia Pacific Compliance Innovator of the Year Award from the International Law Office, and others. Sophia is a
proud Co-Owner of HKBN.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   17
Senior Management

Mr. William YEUNG, his biographical details are set out on page 8.

Dr. Shing Fai YIP (also known as Denis YIP), aged 55, the President & Group Chief Operating Officer. Denis joined the
Group in 2024. He is responsible for spearheading the Group’s operations and steering innovation to elevate customer
and shareholder experiences.

With over 30 years of worldwide leadership in private and public sectors, Denis has extensive business management
experience and international exposure. He has worked in Hong Kong, Beijing, Guangzhou, San Francisco, Shanghai and
Tokyo, and served in senior positions in a number of large enterprises.

Denis started his career in IBM in 1991 and held a variety of senior management positions in the company, including
Global Vice President, General Manager of the Asia Pacific Storage Division, President of the AS/400 Business in Asia
Pacific Region, etc. He was in charge of various businesses at IBM based in Guangzhou, Beijing, Tokyo and Shanghai,
and was at the time the youngest Global Vice President of IBM in 2003.

He was the Global Senior VP and President, Greater China of EMC Corporation (“EMC”) from 2006 to 2017, and
participated in formulating and setting strategic promotion plans whilst leading the team in developing the Greater
China market. Upon the merger of Dell Inc. (“DELL”) and EMC, Denis continued to be appointed as the Global Senior VP
of DELL and the President of Greater China of EMC.

From 2017 to early 2019, he served as President and Director of the Digital China Holdings Limited and the Fujian Start
Group respectively. He steered the development of the enterprises and established their business footholds.

Denis served as the Commissioner for Belt and Road of the Commerce and Economic Development Bureau of the Hong
Kong SAR Government from 2019 to 2021 and as the Chief Executive Officer of the Hong Kong Applied Science and
Technology Research Institute (ASTRI) from 2021 to 2024. He is a veteran with extensive leadership experience covering
technology, commerce and management.

Denis holds a bachelor’s and a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of
California, Berkeley, alongside an MBA from Golden Gate University and a Doctor of Business Administration from the
University of Management and Technology.

Denis is a member of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council Innovation & Technology Advisory Committee and its
Information & Communications Technology (ICT) Services Advisory Committee. In addition, he is a member of the Civil
Service Training Advisory Board, Digital Policing Advisory Panel of the Hong Kong Police Force, Council Member of the
Hong Kong Computer Society, Executive Committee Member of the China Real Estate Chamber of Commerce
(CRECCHKI). He also serves as the Honorary Founding Technology Advisor of the Greater Bay Area Carbon Neutrality
Association, Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Electronics & Technologies Association.




18   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                Senior Management

Mr. Chung Ting YUE (also known as Derek YUE), aged 56, the Chief Financial Officer of the Group. He is also a
director and supervisor of certain subsidiaries of the Group. With over 30 years of experience in the technology, FMCG,
healthcare, and logistics industries, Derek has been a go-to finance guru for MNCs and global companies like Deloitte,
The Singer Company, Royal & Sun-Alliance Insurance, Dell, Walmart, China Resources Verlinvest Health Investment, and
Morrison Express. A globetrotting, culture-bridging leader, Derek sees himself as a talent cultivator who’s all about
nurturing growth and fuelling passions.

In 2023, Derek joined HKBN as Chief Financial Officer. Embracing his role in HKBN, Derek’s “aim higher” attitude has
truly inspired the team with an objective to make a lasting impact on both the business world and their personal lives. On
top of his mission to change the world of finance, Derek is also set on building meaningful engagement with HKBN’s
external stakeholders.

Derek is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) and MBA holder, his professional journey has taken him around the
globe to places like USA, Canada, Malaysia, mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan — making him a true cultural
chameleon. Derek is a Proud Co-Owner of HKBN.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   19
Our Strategy

ESG Strategy

Guided by our Core Purpose of “Make our Home a Better Place to Live”, HKBN operates on the principle of generating
purposeful profits. We believe that our business is at its best when we are actively fostering positive impacts for all our
stakeholders.

Our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) approach is intentionally aligned with our Group’s overall strategy.
This alignment ensures that every facet of our operations is carried out with a deep-seated commitment to societal well-
being, environmental stewardship, and robust governance that extends beyond mere adherence to legal and regulatory
requirements.

As staunch advocates of ESG values, we actively champion environmental preservation and action against the global
climate crisis. This year, we conducted scenario analysis to evaluate the potential climate impacts on our assets and
businesses. By aligning with the Science-Based Target initiative (SBTi), our scientifically-grounded goals underscore
HKBN’s commitment to climate action.

In line with our steadfast pursuit of sustainability, we have tied executive compensation to ESG performance — pledging
to slash electricity consumption by FY24 compared to FY22. This approach drives our leaders to spearhead
transformative changes and be answerable for achieving bold ESG targets.




                       Talent Co-Ownership
                         1. Talent interest alignment
                         2. Talent-obsessed engagement and development
                         3. Diversity and inclusion

                       Technology for Good
                         4. Market-ready ESG solutions
                         5. Digital inclusion for our communities


                       Transforming Business
                         6. Climate action
                         7. Impactful customer experiences
                         8. Data privacy and security
                         9. Reliable and responsible services
                        10. Win-win-win partnership and value chain




20   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                     Our Strategy

    The 3Ts of HKBN
    & Mapping to the
    SDGs*                    Our 10 Priorities           Goals for FY25                            FY24 Progress


    Talent                   Talent interest             Achieve at least 88% cumulative           Our senior executives linked their
    Co-Ownership             alignment                   successful rate in ESG-related            salaries to achieving a 14% reduction in
                                                         special incentive programmes              electricity usage in FY24 compared to
                                                                                                   FY22. This target was successfully met.

                             Talent-obsessed             Reach an overall engagement               Achieved an overall engagement score
                             engagement &                score of 70% favourability in             of 66% “favourable” in our Talent
                             development                 our Talent Engagement Survey              Engagement Survey

                             Diversity &                 Enhance female representation             Reached 25.7% of female
                             inclusion                   in technical roles to 27% or              representation in technical roles
                                                         above

    Technology               Market-ready ESG            Launch new ESG-themed                     Launched Aegis Intelligence, an
    for Good                 solutions                   solutions every year                      upgrade to our AegisInsight network
                                                                                                   performance monitoring platform, to
                                                                                                   bolster cybersecurity, enhancing
                                                                                                   governance and risk mitigation

                             Digital inclusion for       Conduct social impact                     Conducted social impact assessment
                             our communities             assessments for all digital               on our digital inclusion community
                                                         inclusion community initiatives           initiatives and generated first batch of
                                                                                                   results

    Transforming             Climate action              Set science-based emissions               Near-term science-based emissions
    Business                                             reduction targets                         reduction targets have been approved
                                                                                                   by SBTi

                             Impactful customer          Futureproof HKBN’s customer               Residential Solutions:
                             experiences                 services by launching new                 Launched “Smart Broadband Move”, a
                                                         customer experience initiatives           My HKBN App self-service tool for
                                                         every year                                customers to schedule relocation of
                                                                                                   their broadband service

                                                                                                   Enterprise Solutions:
                                                                                                   Deployed e-forms for Sales to handle
                                                                                                   daily customer contracting process,
                                                                                                   average of 70% of general service
                                                                                                   contracts are handled via e-form in
                                                                                                   FY24

                             Data privacy &              Achieve less than 2% phishing             Recorded a phishing assessment
                             security                    assessment average failure rate           average failure rate of 1.49%1
                                                         among Talents


1
      The phishing assessment average failure rate was 1.89% in FY22 and 1.50% in FY23. This adjustment reflects an updated scope and ensures
      consistency with our HKBN Phishing Assessment Methodology. The phishing assessment average failure rate is calculated by dividing the number of
      failed attempts by the number of phishing emails sent for each assessment, and then averaging the failure rates across all phishing assessments
      conducted during the fiscal year. A failed attempt is defined as an instance where a recipient clicks the phishing link and/or submitted data.


                                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024         21
Our Strategy

    The 3Ts of HKBN
    & Mapping to the
    SDGs*                     Our 10 Priorities            Goals for FY25                              FY24 Progress


    Transforming              Reliable &                   Reduce affected customer                    Affected customer hours from
    Business                  responsible service          hours from residential network              residential network service disruptions
                                                           service disruptions by 14%,                 were reduced by 11.3%#, relative to
                                                           relative to FY22 baseline                   FY22 baseline, through improved
                                                                                                       maintenance processes, regular outage
                                                                                                       reviews, and preventive maintenance

                              Win-win-win                  Improve at least 20 SME                     Established an ESG questionnaire in
                              partnership &                suppliers’ ESG assessment                   FY23, and distributed it to our selected
                              value chain                  scores                                      suppliers to evaluate their ESG
                                                                                                       performance in FY24


    Corporate Governance                                   Achieved over 50% female representation among the Board of Directors


In the coming years, updates will be continuously provided on the progress of meeting the above stated targets.
*     SDGs refer to the sustainable development goals of the United Nations.

#
      In FY23, there was a discrepancy in reporting the performance, which was initially stated as 4% relative to the FY22 baseline. The actual FY23 figure
      stands at 15.2% relative to the FY22 baseline.




           LEADING THE INDUSTRY IN ESG
During FY24, our ESG efforts garnered significant recognitions. By maintaining our                                                                       2

AAA rating in the MSCI ESG Ratings since December 2022, HKBN has consistently
ranked among the top 14%1 of global telecom companies. Additionally, we sustained
our AA+ rating in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index.

This AA+ rating in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index continues to
reinforce our standing as a premier ESG leader in Hong Kong. Both evaluations
confirm our impact and status as a leader in sustainability within our sector.



                                                                                                                                      AA+




1
      As at the time of receiving the AAA rating this year.
2
      https://reg.hkbn.net/WwwCMS/upload/pdf/en/2022_disclaimer.pdf




22     HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                 Our Strategy

About This Report

Reporting Boundaries
This Report covers HKBN Group’s performance for the financial year from 1 September 2023 to 31 August 2024. Unless
specifically stated otherwise, the scope of this Report covers all aspects of HKBN Group operations in all regions, with
the exclusion of business units which do not have a material impact on our Group-level performance and for business
units where our shareholding interest is less than 50%.

Reporting Guidelines and Reporting Criteria
In preparing this Report, we have adhered to the reporting principles and provisions set forth by the “Environmental,
Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (the “ESG Guide”) in Appendix C2 of the Listing Rules and the ESG Guide’s
“comply or explain” provisions. We also referenced the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board’s (“SASB”)
Telecommunication Services Standard and the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosure (“TCFD”). Indices mapping our disclosures to the requirements of the ESG Guide and SASB
Telecommunication Services Standard, and details of reporting criteria which are described in the footnotes of each KPI’s
disclosure, can be found on pages 242 and 246 of this Report.

We support the United Nations’ 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”), which are a global call to action for
improving health and education, reducing inequality, and for spurring economic growth — all while tackling climate
change. In this Report, we have matched the SDGs with our efforts to illustrate how we’ve contributed to the long-term
prosperity of peoples and the planet.

Reporting Principles
In preparing this Report, we aimed to provide a rigorous, fair and transparent account of our business, and have adhered
to the following reporting principles:


 Materiality                 On a regular basis, we conduct materiality assessments and stakeholder questionnaires to
                             identify material issues related to ESG and our business. These activities help ensure that
                             our entire operation is always responsive in addressing issues related to sustainability, as
                             well as enable us to achieve our Purpose.

 Quantitative                To ensure that our performance data is transparent and comprehensive, we provide notes
                             (where appropriate) about the standards and methodologies used to calculate that data.

 Balance                     Presenting a full and fair picture is important to us. This Report discusses both the positive
                             and negative sides of our performance to provide readers with an objective and balanced
                             understanding.

 Consistency                 To allow meaningful comparison of our performance over time, we use consistent
                             reporting guidelines and methodologies for calculating and presenting our data. Any
                             changes in the methodologies will be explained.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   23
Our Strategy

Our Approach to ESG Governance & Management

Our commitment to sustainability is exemplified by the integration of ESG governance and management at every level of
our organisation, from the Board and the ESG Committee to our ESG Task Force. As the apex governing body of our
Group, the Board bears the responsibility of supervising and ensuring accountability for our Group’s ESG strategy,
evolution, and performance, bolstered by the assistance of a Board-level ESG Committee. The Board assumes a critical
role in assessing and identifying our Group’s ESG material issues and associated risks. ESG risks are thoroughly reviewed
and incorporated into our company’s risk register, which we use to plan and implement the appropriate measures for risk
mitigation. The Board, in conjunction with the ESG Committee, regularly evaluates and tracks progress made on our
Group’s ESG objectives.

The ESG Committee, comprising elected members from the Board, is responsible for reviewing and monitoring ESG
strategies, risk management, policies and practices, and assessing and providing recommendations to our Group’s ESG-
related structures and business models. The ESG Committee also advises the Board on communications and disclosures
concerning our Group’s ESG performance, including communication channels and methods with our stakeholders and
via our ESG reports. The ESG Committee delegates to the ESG Task Force, which assists in driving our Group’s ESG
development.

Underscoring our commitment to enhance ESG performance, several of our senior executives have tied their
compensation to a crucial target: reducing electricity consumption by 14% in FY24 relative to FY22. We are delighted to
announce that this ambitious target has been successfully met (for more details, please see page 98 of this Report),
showcasing our Company’s proactive approach towards sustainability and accountability.

In an effort to enhance the Board’s competencies in ESG, members of the Board received training to gain valuable
insights into the latest scenario analysis of climate-related disclosures, regulatory requirements, and industry best
practices. With this knowledge, Board members are empowered to make informed decisions when assessing and
enhancing our decarbonisation efforts and incorporating climate-related considerations into our Group’s strategic
planning and risk management frameworks, thereby nurturing a sustainable future.

                                                        Board of Directors
                   The Board oversees and is accountable for HKBN’s ESG strategy, development and performance.


                                                          ESG Committee
                     The ESG committee advises the Board on communications and disclosures and monitors our
                                                        ESG Task Force.




     Oversight                                                                                                       Report
                                                          ESG Task Force
                     Our ESG Task Force coordinates ESG planning and implementation, including working with
                     business units to implement, monitor and review progress on our ESG goals and objectives.


                                                           Business Units
                   Business units are responsible for executing our ESG strategy. Department representatives drive
                    and review ESG progress within their departments and coordinate with each other on various
                                                         interdisciplinary areas.




24          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Our Strategy

Communication and Engagement with Stakeholders

Maintaining open and transparent communication with our stakeholders is crucial for understanding their concerns and
viewpoints. Their insights play a vital role in refining our strategies and driving the growth and development of our
business.

Our stakeholders, both internal and external, have the potential to impact HKBN and are in turn influenced by our
actions. Having considered their level of dependency and influence on our business, we have identified the following key
stakeholders, with whom we engage regularly through various communication channels.

Engaging Core Stakeholders


 HKBN Stakeholders        Engagement Channels

 Customers                •   Customer satisfaction surveys               •   Mail/E-mail
                          •   Customer service hotlines                   •   Newsletters
                          •   My HKBN App                                 •   Social media
                          •   Corporate website                           •   Marketing events

 Talents                  •   Talent engagement surveys                   •   Orientation and training sessions
                          •   Townhall meetings                           •   Talent engagement digital platform
                          •   Management meetings

 Shareholders &           •   Annual reports, interim reports             •   Investor meetings
 Investors                    and announcements                           •   HKEX’s website and HKBN’s website
                          •   Shareholder meetings

 Suppliers &              •   Meetings                                    •   Newsletters
 Value Chain              •   Surveys                                     •   Corporate website
 Partners                 •   Supplier performance assessments            •   Social media

 Community                •   Partnership and community programmes        •   Corporate website
                          •   Community events                            •   Social media
                          •   Volunteering works                          •   Check-in meetings and surveys
                          •   Newsletters

 Environment              •   Partnership programmes                      •   Social media
 (including               •   Conferences and seminars                    •   Green association membership
 environmental-           •   Newsletters
 related groups and       •   Corporate website
 partners)

 Government &             •   Meetings, conferences and seminars          •   Feedback programmes
 Regulators               •   Focus group discussions                     •   Invited in-house trainings




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   25
Our Strategy

Responding to Stakeholder Concerns

By actively engaging in dialogue with different stakeholders, we gain valuable insights into their expectations and
promptly address their key concerns. Through the use of various communication channels, we have gathered feedback
from our stakeholders and turned them into tangible actions.


 Core Stakeholder
 Groups                  Key Concerns              Our Responses

 Customers               •   Service reliability   •   Actively worked with our vendors to improve the stability and
 (Residential)                                         reliability of network equipment, and teamed up with reputable
                                                       partners to deliver high-quality and dependable services for
                                                       customers.
                                                   •   Introduced a diverse range of device options that offer robust
                                                       connectivity solutions to meet our customers’ needs

                         •   Customer service      •   Implemented a robust monitoring system in tandem with a
                                                       dedicated customer support team to quickly address customer
                                                       concerns
                                                   •   Strengthened our internal communication channels and
                                                       empowered our Talents with comprehensive knowledge to more
                                                       effectively assist customers

 Customers               •   Network stability     •   Continuously monitored our network to swiftly identify and
 (Enterprise)                                          address any faults or issues; promptly investigate any issues and
                                                       take necessary measures to rectify root causes

                         •   Hassle-free account   •   Integrated the billing systems of our Enterprise Solutions
                             management                business for better workflow efficiency and to provide customers
                                                       with a streamlined invoicing experience

                         •   Tailor-made and      •    Proactively reviewed the needs of our customers by business
                             proactive end-to-end      segments and worked closely with our world-class service
                             services                  providers and specialists to provide appropriate support and
                                                       solutions

 Talents                 •   Competitive           •   Actively reviewed and benchmarked our remuneration packages
                             remuneration              against industry peers to enhance ability to attract and retain
                                                       Talents

                         •   Dynamic wellness      •   Launched MixCare Health platform in Hong Kong offering
                             options                   flexible options that empower Talents to embrace healthier
                                                       lifestyles

 Shareholders &          •   Decarbonisation       •   The SBTi approved our near-term science-based emissions
 Investors                   plan                      reduction targets

                         •   Board’s gender        •   As at the time of this Report’s publication, female representation
                             diversity                 among the Board of Directors was over 50%

26   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                 Our Strategy


    Core Stakeholder
    Groups                Key Concerns                Our Responses


    Suppliers & Value     •   Timely payments         •   Continued to build trust and respect by honoring commitments,
    Chain Partners                                        meeting payment timelines, and adhering to fair and ethical
                                                          business practices
                                                      •   Treated suppliers and partners as valued stakeholders and
                                                          promptly address concerns or issues

    Community &           •   ICT awareness and       •   Conducted regular ICT knowledge-sharing sessions and provided
    Environmental             literacy of the             pro bono cybersecurity checks for social profit organisations
    Partners                  community

                          •   Social impact           •   Conducted social impact assessment on our digital inclusion
                              assessment                  community initiatives and generated first batch of results

                          •   Financial impacts of    •   Identified climate-related risks and opportunities, and completed
                              climate-related risks       our first physical and transition risk climate scenario analysis.
                              on business                 Please refer to page 95 for detailed results

    Government &          •   Codes of practice       •   Worked with the Office of the Communications Authority
    Regulators                                            (“OFCA”) and our internal stakeholders to fulfil the new
                                                          requirements

                          •   Personal data privacy •     Maintained our Privacy Management Programme

                          •   Anti-spam and           •   Worked with OFCA and the Hong Kong Police Force to support
                              anti-fraud                  their anti-spam and anti-fraud initiatives


Materiality Assessment

Stakeholder insights play a crucial role in informing our approach to ESG matters. This valuable input helps us pinpoint
the key ESG areas to prioritise. With the help of an independent consultant, we reviewed and updated our list of material
issues via the following process:

•      Identification — A list of potentially material issues was identified by considering megatrends and sector-specific
       standards and guidelines related to sustainability (e.g. SASB Industry Standards for Telecommunication Services).

•      Evaluation and prioritisation — Online surveys and interviews with key stakeholder groups (including our Talents,
       Board members, investors, customers, business partners, suppliers and NGO partners) were conducted to provide
       quantitative input for prioritising the potential list of material issues.

•      Validation — The preliminary list of material issues was reviewed by management and adjusted where appropriate
       with regard to HKBN’s current strategy of development.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   27
Our Strategy

As a result of stakeholder engagements undertaken in FY24, we believe that the below materiality assessments are in
alignment with our present circumstances, and hence, retain their relevance. The following are our material issues:


High

                                                                                                                   2
                                                                                                                           1
                                                              12


                                                                             11                                3
                                                                                                       4
                                                                                  9




  Interest to stakeholders
                                                                                                7                      5
                                                                                                                   6




                                                                        17
                                                        19                                                 8
                                                                                  15
                                                        20                                                 10
                                                                                          13
                                                                                  16    14

                                                                             18
                                        24
                                                        22




                                                                             21


                                                                             23

 Low
                             Low                                    Interest to business                                        High

 Tier 1 — Top Priority                                       Tier 2 — Second Priority               Tier 3 — Low Priority

 1.                     Customer service satisfaction        7.  Talent communication               13. Anti-corruption and
 2.                     Customer data privacy                    and feedback                           business integrity
 3.                     Service reliability                  8. Climate action                      14. Enable LIFE-work priority
 4.                     Align Talent interests               9. Service coverage and                15. Succession planning
 5.                     Service innovation                       affordability                      16. Diversity and inclusion
 6.                     Cybersecurity                        10. Collaboration with business        17. Technology for good
                                                                 partners                           18. Board effectiveness
                                                             11. Talent development                 19. Encourage Talent volunteering
                                                             12. Fairly rewarded remuneration       20. Operational efficiency
                                                                                                    21. Supplier ESG management
                                                                                                    22. Procurement process
                                                                                                    23. Anti-competitive behaviour
                                                                                                    24. Waste management




28                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                               Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 1: Financial highlights


                                                            For the year ended
                                                           31 August         31 August              Change
                                                               2024               2023                 YoY

 Key financials ($’000)
 Revenue                                                  10,650,922         11,692,176                     -9%
 — Enterprise Solutions                                    4,828,376             4,825,008                  0%
 — Enterprise Solutions related products                   1,846,125             1,934,378                  -5%
 — Residential Solutions                                   2,344,060             2,392,820                  -2%
 — Handset and other products                              1,632,361             2,539,970             -36%
 Profit/(loss) for the year                                  10,277          (1,267,408)             >100%
 Adjusted Net Profit   1,2
                                                            190,975               194,634                   -2%
 EBITDA 1,3                                                2,364,759             2,289,914              +3%
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 1,4                                620,145               763,249              -19%
 Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Profit   1,2


 Profit/(loss) for the year                                  10,277          (1,267,408)             >100%
 Amortisation of intangible assets                          366,258               384,727                   -5%
 Deferred tax arising from amortisation of
  intangible assets                                          (60,432)              (63,234)                 -4%
 Deferred tax recognised on unused tax loss                 (125,128)              (84,921)            +47%
 Impairment on goodwill                                            –             1,200,000            -100%
 Originating fee for banking facilities amendment                  –               25,470             -100%
 Adjusted Net Profit                                        190,975               194,634                   -2%




                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024     29
Key Financial and Operational Summary

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                      31 August                      31 August     Change
                                                                                          2024                            2023        YoY

    Reconciliation of EBITDA & Adjusted
      Free Cash Flow 1,3,4
    Profit/(loss) for the year                                                            10,277                     (1,267,408)   >100%
    Amortisation of customer acquisition and
     retention costs                                                                     274,222                       274,926        0%
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    366,258                       384,727        -5%
    Depreciation                                                                         840,828                       900,820        -7%
    Finance costs                                                                        860,236                       702,303      +22%
    Impairment on goodwill                                                                        –                  1,200,000      -100%
    Income tax expenses                                                                   18,848                        36,077       -48%
    Interest income                                                                        (9,625)                       (8,853)     +9%
    Loss/(gain) on disposal of a subsidiary/associates                                      3,715                        (6,264)   >100%
    Share of loss of discontinued operation                                                       –                     73,586      -100%
    EBITDA                                                                            2,364,759                      2,289,914       +3%
    Capital expenditure                                                                 (379,336)                     (512,002)      -26%
    Changes in working capital                                                            67,902                       169,474       -60%
    Customer acquisition and retention costs                                            (274,643)                     (226,414)     +21%
    Income tax paid                                                                     (215,655)                     (238,660)      -10%
    Lease payments in relation to right-of-use assets                                   (176,007)                     (174,076)      +1%
    Net interest paid*                                                                  (766,875)                     (544,987)     +41%
    Adjusted Free Cash Flow                                                              620,145                       763,249       -19%




*       $25 million payment of originating fee for banking facilities amendment was included in net interest paid.




30     HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 2: Operational highlights


                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                       31 August                    31 August                     Change
                                                                                           2024                          2023                        YoY

  Enterprise business
  Commercial building coverage                                                                8,163                       8,090                        +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    — Broadband                                                                                 110                          117                        -6%
    — Voice                                                                                     357                          388                        -8%
  Enterprise customers 5 (’000)                                                                   98                         101                        -3%
  Residential business
  Residential homes passed (’000)                                                             2,596                       2,560                        +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    — Broadband                                                                                 907                          920                        -1%
    — Voice                                                                                     343                          386                       -11%
  Residential ARPU 6                                                                          $182                         $179                        +2%
  Mobile business
  Subscriptions (’000)                                                                          217                          239                        -9%
  Residential customers (’000)                                                                  932                          972                        -4%
  Total full-time permanent Talents                                                           3,863                       4,428                        -13%

Notes:

(1)      EBITDA, AFF and Adjusted Net Profit are not measures of performance under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”). These
         measures do not represent, and should not be used as substitutes for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with
         HKFRSs. These measures are not necessarily an indication of whether cash flow will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements. In addition, our
         definitions of these measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.

(2)      Adjusted Net Profit means profit for the year plus amortisation of intangible assets (net of deferred tax credit and direct cost incurred in
         corresponding year), deferred tax recognised on unused tax loss, originating fee for bank facilities amendment and impairment on goodwill.

(3)      EBITDA means profit for the year plus finance costs, income tax expenses, depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets (net of direct cost incurred
         in corresponding year), amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs, loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries/associates, share of loss of
         discontinued operation, impairment on goodwill and less interest income.

(4)      AFF means EBITDA less capital expenditure, customer acquisition and retention costs, net interest paid, income tax paid, lease payments in relation
         to right-of-use assets and changes in working capital. Working capital includes other non-current assets, inventories, trade receivables, other
         receivables, deposits and prepayments, contract assets, amounts due from joint ventures and associates, amounts due to joint ventures and
         associates, trade payables (including amount utilised for supply chain financing), contract liabilities, and deposits received.

(5)      Enterprise customers means total number of enterprise customers excluding IDD, product resell and mobile customers.

(6)      ARPU means average revenue per user per month. Calculated by dividing the revenue generated in the relevant period from services subscribed by
         residential broadband subscribers, which include broadband services and any bundled voice, IP-TV and/or other entertainment services (excluding
         revenue from IDD and mobile services), by the number of average residential broadband subscriptions and further dividing by the number of
         months in the relevant period. Average residential broadband subscriptions are calculated by dividing the sum of such subscriptions at the
         beginning of the period and the end of the period by two. Our use and computation of residential ARPU may differ from the industry definition of
         ARPU due to our tracking of revenue generated from all services subscribed by residential broadband subscribers. We believe this gives us a better
         tool for observing the performance of our business as we track our residential ARPU on a bundled rather than standalone basis.




                                                                                                                    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024           31
Management Discussion and Analysis

Business Review

The overall economy remained very challenging, especially under the high interest rate environment. The trend of
travelling northward for consumption has exacerbated the situation. Numerous small enterprises and businesses have
ceased operations. The Office of the Communications Authority (“OFCA”) recorded a downturn in the
telecommunications sector. Compounding these challenges is a broader trend among consumers to postpone handset
upgrades, leading to a significant decline in industry-wide sales. Consequently, our Group’s overall revenue for FY24
decreased by 9% to $10,651 million.

Nonetheless, our resilient framework enabled us to adeptly overcome these challenges by leveraging our robust
telecommunications infrastructure and strategic roadmap. In line with prevailing industry-wide headwinds, our Enterprise
Solutions business experienced a marginal year-on-year revenue decline of 1% to $6,675 million. However, the business has
made notable progress in strengthening our core business performance and recorded a 1% increase in enterprise services
revenue — excluding international telecommunications services — underscoring our capabilities in system integration. Our
new business booking remained solid generating a strong revenue backlog from contracts set to mature over the next 2 to
3 years. We anticipate a full adjustment of our contract base within this timeframe to reflect these changes.

Fueled by strong demand for cloud technology, our cloud services business has been a key growth driver of our
enterprise revenue. Following the success of last year’s launch of IT•Simplified, we further enriched our capabilities and
services portfolio. We introduced HKBNCare+, AegisConnect AI, and Aegis Intelligence to extend our scope and cater
to a broader enterprise market segment. With Aegis Intelligence and AegisConnect AI, we are empowering enterprises
with full visibility monitoring of their network via AI-powered diagnostics and security to detect and address cyber threats
or problems of traffic congestion. A core component of our IT•Simplified bundle offering, HKBNCare+, transforms our
tech expertise into an IT-as-a-Service solution which delivers comprehensive IT support for all kinds of enterprise
customers. Additionally, we launched OFFICE-IN-A-BOX and SHOP-IN-A-BOX to provide bespoke IT package solutions
that directly address industry-specific customer pain points, and Multi-Cloud Connect Service, Hong Kong’s first end-to-
end managed cloud delivery solution.

Not only has our success within the SME sector endured, but we have also successfully expanded our solution portfolio
in mainland China, particularly within the Greater Bay Area (“GBA”), supporting ventures into Hong Kong.
Simultaneously, we have offered crucial support to both local and multinational companies in establishing their presence
in mainland China.

Our Residential Solutions business exhibited resilience in a highly competitive marketplace, experiencing a modest
revenue decline of 2% to $2,344 million. This was a result of our strategic focus on direct subscriptions while deliberately
decelerating our resell business. We strengthened our competitiveness through innovation and partnerships to enhance
our portfolio offerings. One of the key initiatives was our collaboration with TP-Link to launch the Priority Plus Home Wi-
Fi Solution — the first of its kind in Asia to combine our 2Gbps fibre broadband with the Aginet platform for real-time
remote network management. This strategic move has stimulated a substantial uptake of our high-speed fibre services,
particularly the 2Gbps package upgrade. Furthermore, we have collaborated with AXA and Bowtie to introduce Home
Insurance and a 4-In-1 Healthcare Service Plan, extending our Infinite-play strategy to encompass high-value solutions in
home insurance and healthcare — ultimately broadening our wallet share.

Our service revenue remained steady as we diligently executed our Infinite-play strategy, diversifying our portfolio of
value-added services to deepen customer engagement. This strategy has been particularly fruitful, significantly
enhancing customer engagement through our entertainment ecosystem, which features major platforms like Netflix,
Disney+, myTV SUPER, and iQIYI. This, in turn, contributed to a notable rise in ARPU, with residential ARPU rising by 2%
to $182.



32   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

As travel activity surged back to pre-pandemic levels, the sales of our pioneering Global SIM service experienced a
significant uptick, driven by the resurgence in consumer demand for roaming data.

Network costs and costs of sales decreased year-on-year by 11% to $6,662 million mainly due to the decrease in cost of
inventories.

Other operating expenses decreased year-on-year by 9% to $3,124 million, primarily come from a decrease in Talent
costs by $151 million as a result of digitalisation and operational improvements, a decrease in depreciation of $59 million
and other cost saving initiatives.

Finance costs increased year-on-year by 22% to $860 million. This was mainly caused by a $152 million increase in interest
and finance charges on bank loans due to HIBOR increase and a $31 million decrease in fair value gain on interest-rate
swaps. These increases were partially offset by a $25 million reduction in the originating fee for the bank facilities
amendment, which occurred in FY23.

Income tax decreased year-on-year by 48% to $19 million which was due to the increase in recognition of deferred tax
assets arising from unused tax losses of the Group’s subsidiary.

As a result of the aforementioned factors, we moved from a loss of $1,267 million in FY23 to a profit of $10 million in
FY24.

EBITDA increased year-on-year by 3% to $2,365 million, mainly due to reduced operating expenses from operational
improvements. However, this growth was partially tempered by softer sales of handset and other products.

Adjusted Free Cash Flow (“AFF”) decreased year-on-year by 19% to $620 million, mainly caused by an increase in net
interest paid by $222 million, a decrease in working capital inflow of $102 million, an increase in customer acquisition and
retention cost of $48 million and an increase in lease payment in relation to right-of use assets of $2 million, and which
were partly offset by an increase in EBITDA of $75 million, a decrease in capital expenditure of $133 million and a
decrease on income tax paid of $23 million.

Outlook

Looking ahead to FY25, with interest rates forecasted to moderate, we are well positioned to progress in our strategic
roadmap. Our key priorities remain centred on improving operational efficiency and staying agile in our execution to
enhance profitability. In parallel, we will explore refinancing opportunities to optimise our capital structure. These
strategic moves are crucial for ensuring our resilience and stability amidst economic uncertainty, to pave the way for
future opportunities. To further strengthen our market position, we recently announced our collaboration with Nokia to
pre-sell Hong Kong’s first 25Gbps fibre broadband services. This development aims to upgrade our service propositions
to both enterprise and residential customers, providing them with access to one of the most advanced offerings available
in the market — and power all their connectivity requirements today and into the future. Building upon the solid
foundation laid in the first half of the year, we are steadfast in our promise to deliver cutting-edge, world-class network
services. Our ongoing commitment will leverage our deep technological expertise to not only meet but exceed the
evolving needs of our customers in the digital era.

In FY25, we will continue to reinforce the competitiveness of our Residential and Enterprise ICT divisions. Our strategic
emphasis will centre on elevating our capabilities as an all-encompassing ICT powerhouse, capitalising on upcoming
growth opportunities not just within Hong Kong but also by enhancing our capabilities to cater to enterprise customers
eyeing expansion into mainland China. Concurrently, we’ll further facilitate the entry of mainland companies into Hong
Kong through our specialised solutions and expertise.


                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   33
Management Discussion and Analysis

In Enterprise Solutions:

•    With Aegis Intelligence and AegisConnect AI augmenting our Aegis Connect platform, we will further leverage
     disruptive innovation to add-value to our high-margin FTNS solutions.

•    Showcasing our robust ICT capabilities to meet sector-specific requirements, our innovative OFFICE-IN-A-BOX and
     SHOP-IN-A-BOX packages not only serve to streamline the setup process but also significantly reduce costs for
     enterprise customers, offering a seamless and cost-effective approach that will attract a broader customer base.

•    At a time when many companies must cope with an ongoing shortage of tech talent, HKBNCare+ will help us gain
     greater wallet share, especially with SMEs. In FY24, we sold about 40,000 1-hour service tokens to SME customers.

•    For our SI business, the priority will be to further align and fortify our partnerships with world-class vendors. This
     concerted effort will enhance our reach across key market segments, enabling us to introduce innovative solutions
     and services to drive incremental business expansion.

•    To take advantage of Hong Kong’s burgeoning relationship with mainland China and the GBA, we are
     strengthening our relationships with world-class vendor partners to introduce new solutions and to capture new
     accounts. We are also deploying additional sales resources in the GBA to expand coverage and drive growth.

•    Riding on our strong momentum and relationships with carriers and platform service providers, we will accelerate
     our internet data centre (“IDC”), OTT and hyperscaler business.

In Residential Solutions:

•    As the first ISP in Hong Kong to introduce 10Gbps and 25Gbps broadband services to consumers, we will
     aggressively position HKBN as the premier provider for GigaFast Broadband. While our rivals persist with 100Mbps
     and 500Mbps services, we are elevating our offerings by providing a minimum of 1Gbps, alongside 2Gbps,
     2.5Gbps, 10Gbps, and 25Gbps options to set a new standard in broadband speed and reliability.

•    To deepen our engagement with more consumers, we will continue to position HKBN as the best place to enjoy
     world-class OTT entertainment; we are the only carrier in Hong Kong to offer customers competitive-value options
     to enjoy the four major platforms of Netflix, Disney+, myTV SUPER and iQIYI.

•    We will continue to improve customer stickiness by expanding our residential ecosystem through a variety of
     compelling value-added services (e.g. Wi-Fi 7 routers, Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi and others).

•    With travel resuming back to pre-pandemic levels, our innovative N mobile and Global SIM service will play a
     significant role, providing groundbreaking features and seamless ease of use, to serve the mobile and evolving
     roaming data needs of consumers.

•    With the experience of offering Infinite-play options such Home Insurance and a 4-In-1 Healthcare Service Plan, we
     will continue to expand our engagement by focusing on the home and wellness needs of our household customers.

•    By delivering incredible value and benefits to customers, the above Infinite-play offerings will enable us to further
     increase our residential ARPU; gaining greater wallet share from customers.

•    As consumers continue to shift their shopping habits online, our Shoppy platform will play an even greater role in
     serving their needs for the latest electronics, smartphones, as well as lifestyle and wellness products.

34   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As at 31 August 2024, the Group had total cash and cash equivalents of $1,217 million (31 August 2023: $1,017 million)
and gross debt of $11,528 million (31 August 2023: $11,589 million), which led to a net debt position of $10,311 million (31
August 2023: $10,572 million). Lease liabilities of $494 million (31 August 2023: $536 million) was included as debt as at 31
August 2024 in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities. The Group’s gearing ratio, which was
expressed as a ratio of the gross debt over total equity, was 4.5x as at 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023: 3.8x).

The Group’s net debt to EBITDA ratio as computed in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities was
approximately 4.9x as at 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023: 5.1x). The average finance cost calculated as the interest and
coupon charges over the average borrowing balance was 7.2% (31 August 2023: 5.3%). The average weighted maturity of
the Group’s borrowings was 1.4 years as at 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023: 2.4 years).

Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash at bank and in hand. There was no pledged bank deposit as at 31 August
2024 and 31 August 2023. As at 31 August 2024, the Group had an undrawn revolving credit facility of $1,349 million (31
August 2023: $1,763 million).

Under the liquidity and capital resources condition as at 31 August 2024, the Group can fund its capital expenditures and
working capital requirements for the year with internal resources and the available banking facilities.

Hedging

The Group’s policy is to partially hedge the interest rate risk arising from the variable interest rates of the debt
instruments and facilities by entering into interest-rate swaps. The Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer are primarily responsible for overseeing the hedging activities. Under their guidance, the Group’s finance team is
responsible for planning, executing and monitoring the hedging activities.

The Group would not enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes. The Group entered into an interest-
rate swap arrangement in the principal amount of $5,250 million with an international financial institution for a term of 2.5
years from 1 June 2023 to 24 November 2025. Benefiting from the hedging arrangement, the Group fixed the HIBOR
interest rate exposure at 3.95% per annum.

The interest-rate swap arrangement is recognised initially at fair value and remeasured at the end of each reporting
period. Neither of the financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9, Financial instruments , and
therefore, it is accounted for as held for trading and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Charge on Group Assets

As at 31 August 2024, the Group pledged assets to secure the other borrowings of $37 million (31 August 2023: $49
million).




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   35
Management Discussion and Analysis

Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 August 2024, the Group had total contingent liabilities of $297 million (31 August 2023: $267 million) in respect
of bank guarantees provided to suppliers and customers and utility vendors in lieu of payment of utility deposits. The
increase of $30 million was mainly due to an increase in performance guarantee issued to the Group’s suppliers and
customers.

During the year ended 31 August 2023, a subsidiary of the Group received a claim from a vendor regarding early
termination charges under several agreements. The Group considered the claim to be invalid and, therefore, continued
to deny the liability. Based on the legal advice received, management believed that the probability of a successful claim
was low. The potential exposure of the Group was estimated to be approximately $24 million. No provision was made in
respect of this claim for the year ended 31 August 2023.

As at 31 August 2024, the above claim expired as a result of time lapse. The Group and the vendor agreed to negotiate
the claim under arbitration proceedings. The claim amount is subject to negotiation between the Group and the vendor,
and therefore, cannot be estimated reliably at the end of the reporting period. Based on the legal advice received,
management believes that it is at early stage to assess the claim amount and the probability of successful claim. No
provision has been made in respect of this claim for the year ended 31 August 2024.

Exchange Rates

All the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities are primarily denominated in either Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) or United
States dollars (“USD”). Given the exchange rate of the HKD to the USD has remained close to the current pegged rate of
HKD7.80 = USD1.00 since 1983, management does not expect significant foreign exchange gains or losses between the
two currencies. The Group is also exposed to a certain amount of foreign exchange risk based on fluctuations between
the HKD and the Renminbi arising from its operations. In order to limit this foreign currency risk exposure, the Group
ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level of buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where
necessary to address.

Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

The Group did not make any significant investments, acquisitions or disposals in relation to its subsidiaries and
associated companies during the year ended 31 August 2024.

Talent Remuneration

As at 31 August 2024, the Group had 3,863 permanent full-time Talents (31 August 2023: 4,428 Talents). The Group
provides remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are discretionary
and dependent on both the Group’s and individual performances. The Group also provides comprehensive medical
insurance coverage, competitive retirement benefits schemes, and Talent training programmes.




36   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Report of the Directors

The Board is pleased to present their report for the year ended 31 August 2024.

Principal Activities

HKBN Ltd. (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is an investment holding company.
Headquartered in Hong Kong with operations spanning across Hong Kong, Macao and mainland China, the Group is a
leading integrated telecom and technology solutions provider. Operating through three core brands, Hong Kong
Broadband Network, HKBN Enterprise Solutions and HKBN JOS, the Group offers a comprehensive range of solutions
that include broadband, data connectivity, cloud and data centre, managed Wi-Fi, business continuity services, system
integration, cybersecurity, mobile services, roaming solutions, digital solutions, voice and collaboration, stationery and
supplies that are cumulative to our one-stop-shop offering of Transformation as a Service (TaaS) and OTT entertainment.

Business Review

A fair review of the Group’s business and a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance as required under
Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) are set out in the chapter headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 32 to 36 of this Report.

All the following discussions form part of the Report of the Directors:

(1)   Principal Risks and Uncertainties (pages 131 to 136)

(2)   Future Development in the Group’s Business (pages 33 to 34)

(3)   Analysis Using Financial Key Performance Indicators (pages 29 to 36)

(4)   Environmental Policies and Performance (pages 85 to 102)

(5)   Relationship with Employees (pages 62 to 74)

(6)   Relationship with Customers (pages 103 to 113)

(7)   Relationship with Suppliers (pages 113 to 115)

(8)   Important Events Affecting the Group

No significant events affecting the Group occurred after the end of the reporting period.

(9)   Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations which have a Significant Impact on the Group

To ensure that the Group complies with relevant laws and regulations, the Group continuously reviews its practices to
keep up to date with the latest developments in regard to all relevant laws and regulations. The Group and its activities
are subject to requirements under various laws and regulations. These include, among others, Telecommunications
Ordinance (Cap. 106), Trade Descriptions Ordinance (Cap. 362), Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486), Unsolicited
Electronic Messages Ordinance (Cap. 593), Competition Ordinance (Cap. 619), Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57) and the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”). The Company seeks to ensure compliance with these requirements through various measures such as
internal controls and approval procedures and appropriate in-house trainings provided to different units within the
Group. We place a high value on ensuring adherence to applicable legal and regulatory standards.


                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   37
Report of the Directors

Telecommunications Ordinance (“TO”)
As licensees under the TO, the Group is required to operate in compliance with the TO and licence conditions including
providing satisfactory level of service, ensure interconnection with other telecommunications networks and sharing of
facilities owned by them. If licensees fail to comply with the TO or relevant licence conditions, fines may be imposed by
the Communications Authority.

Trade Descriptions Ordinance (“TDO”)
False trade descriptions of goods and services, misleading omissions, bait advertising, etc., are prohibited under the
TDO. If any of the aforesaid offences are committed, it may result in criminal prosecution and fine and imprisonment may
be imposed. To ensure compliance with the TDO, all sales and marketing materials are reviewed to ensure compliance
and refresher training sessions are provided to sales and marketing units from time to time.

Personal Data Privacy Ordinance (“PDPO”)
The Group’s collection, retention, processing or use of personal data in its ordinary course of business must comply with
relevant requirements of PDPO. In order to comply with PDPO, security measures were implemented, training sessions
and meetings with relevant business and operation units were held, to ensure that the Group is securely equipped and
compliant with the law.

Competition Ordinance (“CO”)
Under the CO, agreements or concerted practices between undertakings that have the object or effect of preventing,
restricting or distorting competition in Hong Kong are prohibited. Likewise, an undertaking that has a substantial degree
of market power is also prohibited from abusing its power through engaging in conduct that has the object or effect of
preventing, restricting or distorting competition in Hong Kong. Furthermore, our key subsidiaries, as telecommunications
carrier licensees, are subject to the merger rule under the CO which prohibits mergers between businesses which
substantially lessen competition in Hong Kong. Failure to comply with these competition rules could result in the
Competition Tribunal imposing a fine and disqualification of Directors. A compliance guideline manual was prepared for
Talents involved with sales, marketing, business tenders, pricing, contracts and strategy formation.

Consolidated Financial Statements

The financial performance of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024 and the financial position of the Group as at
that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 146 to 233 of this Report.




38   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Report of the Directors

Recommended Dividend

The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the Shareholders. In determining the dividend amount,
the Board will take into account the Group’s financial performance, investment and funding requirements, early debt
repayment, prevailing economic and market conditions, and other factors that the Board may consider relevant and
appropriate. In general, the Company targets to pay dividends in an amount of not less than 75% of the adjusted free
cash flow. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to time.

Consistent with the Company’s dividend policy stated above, the Directors recommended the payment of a final
dividend of 16.5 cents per share for the year ended 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023: 20 cents per share) to the
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday, 24 December 2024. Subject
to the approval by the Shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company (the “2024 AGM”), the
proposed final dividend is expected to be paid in cash on or around Friday, 3 January 2025.

Based on the terms and conditions of the vendor loan notes issued by the Company to TPG Wireman, L.P. and Twin
Holding Ltd with a principal amount of $970,468,828 each (the “Vendor Loan Notes”), the holders of Vendor Loan Notes
are entitled to receive a cash amount payable by the Company equal to $27,608,165 based on the 16.5 cents final
dividend per ordinary share declared by the Company for the year ended 31 August 2024, as if the holders of the Vendor
Loan Notes are holders of 167,322,212 ordinary shares in the Company as of the record date for such final dividend. Such
cash amount will be paid by the Company to the holders of Vendor Loan Notes on or around Friday, 3 January 2025,
being the date on which the 2024 final dividend will be paid by the Company.

Share Capital

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 August 2024 are set out in note 28
to the “Notes to the Financial Statements”. No Company shares were issued during the year ended 31 August 2024.

Financial Summary

A summary of the results and of the assets, equity and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
pages 234 and 235 of this Report.

Distributable Reserves

As at 31 August 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders were $4,802,950,000 (2023:
$4,870,698,000).

Bank Loan

Particulars of bank loan of the Group as at 31 August 2024 are set out in note 20 to the “Notes to the Financial
Statements”.

Donations

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Group did not make any charitable and other donations (2023: Nil).




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024    39
Report of the Directors

Directors

The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 August 2024 and up to the date of this Report are:

 Position                            Name                               Date of Appointment       Date of Cessation

 Chairman and Independent            Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ            6 February 2015           –
 Non-executive Director
 Executive Directors                 Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                15 December 2014          –
                                     Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI                 15 December 2014          28 February 2024
 Non-executive Directors             Ms. Shengping YU                   14 December 2021          –
                                     Mr. Liyang ZHANG                   15 June 2023              –
                                     Mr. Agus TANDIONO                  14 December 2021          13 September 2023
 Independent Non-executive           Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG          13 September 2023         –
 Directors                           Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                 15 December 2023          –
                                     Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG             13 September 2023         –
                                     Mr. Stanley CHOW                   6 February 2015           15 December 2023
                                     Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW             6 February 2015           15 December 2023
                                     Ms. Edith Manling NGAN             1 September 2022          13 September 2023


A full list of names of the directors of the Group’s subsidiaries can be found in the Company’s website at www.hkbnltd.
net under “Our Story/Corporate Governance”.

Update on Directors’ Information under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, there was no change in information of the Directors since the publication
of the Company’s 2024 interim report.

Confirmation of Independence from Independent Non-executive Directors
The Company has received a written confirmation of independence from each Independent Non-executive Director
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules which has been reviewed by the Nomination Committee. Both the Nomination
Committee and the Board consider all Independent Non-executive Directors to be independent during the year ended
31 August 2024 and that they remain so as at the date of this Report.

Directors’ Service Contracts
None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company has a service
contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

Interests in Competing Business
None of the Directors are considered to have an interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group during the year ended 31 August 2024.




40   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Report of the Directors

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests in Securities

As at 31 August 2024, the Directors and chief executives of the Company had the following interests and short positions
in the shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives), and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the “Securities and Futures Ordinance” (the
“SFO”)) which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO to be entered in the register maintained
by the Company referred to therein; or (c) were otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” (the “Model Code”)
set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules:

Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                                                                                                       interests in
                                                                                                           Approximate              issued shares
                                                                                                          percentage of           and underlying
                                                                                                           issued shares              shares held
                                                                                     Interests in             held to the             to the total
                                                             Number of            issued shares              total issued            issued share
                                                          issued shares         and underlying              share capital                capital of
  Director                                Note                     held             shares held         of the Company              the Company

  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                   (a)                2,800,000                2,800,000                     0.21%                   0.21%
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                       (b)               29,717,212               32,477,997                     2.27%                   2.48%

Notes:

(a)   Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ held 2,800,000 shares in the Company.

(b)   Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG held a total of 32,477,997 interests in the Company, including (i) 29,717,212 shares in the Company (in which 2,760,785 shares
      were held by the plan trustee under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV) and (ii) 2,760,785 restricted share units which were granted to
      him under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.


Other than the interests disclosed above, none of the Directors, the chief executives of the Company nor their associates
had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity
derivatives) or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31 August 2024.




                                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024         41
Report of the Directors

Substantial Shareholders’ Interests

As at 31 August 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the following persons
(other than any Directors or chief executives of the Company) were substantial shareholders, representing 5% or more of
the issued share capital of the Company, who had interests in shares and underlying shares of the Company (in respect
of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives) which were required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:

Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                                                           interests in
                                                                                                                Approximate             issued shares
                                                                                                               percentage of          and underlying
                                                                                                                issued shares             shares held
                                                                                            Interests in           held to the            to the total
                                                                      Number of          issued shares            total issued           issued share
                                                                   issued shares       and underlying            share capital               capital of
  Name of shareholder                                Note                   held           shares held       of the Company             the Company
  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board                 (a)           182,405,000            182,405,000                 13.91%                  13.91%
  GIC Private Limited                                  (b)            91,913,760             91,913,760                   7.01%                  7.01%
  TPG GP A, LLC                                        (c)           144,966,345            228,627,451                 11.05%                  17.43%
  Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM                              (d)           144,966,345            228,627,451                 11.05%                  17.43%
  Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN                               (d)           144,966,345            228,627,451                 11.05%                  17.43%

Notes:

(a)   Canada Pension Plan Investment Board held 182,405,000 shares in the Company.

(b)   GIC Private Limited held 91,913,760 shares in the Company.

(c)   TPG GP A, LLC (through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by it, namely TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, LLC, TPG Group Holdings
      (SBS), L.P., TPG Inc., TPG GPCo, LLC, TPG Holdings II-A, LLC, TPG Operating Group II, L.P., TPG Holdings I-A, LLC, TPG Operating Group I, L.P., TPG
      Asia GenPar VI Advisors, Inc., TPG Asia GenPar VI, L.P., TPG Asia VI SPV GP, LLC and TPG Wireman, L.P.) was interested in the 144,966,345 issued
      shares and 83,661,106 underlying shares (attributable to convertible instruments) directly held by TPG Wireman, L.P.

(d)   Each of Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM (through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK GP III, Inc., MBK Partners GP III, L.P.,
      MBK Partners Fund III, L.P., MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd) and Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN (through
      corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK Partners JC GP, Inc., MBK Partners JC GP, L.P., MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin
      Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd) was interested in the 144,966,345 issued shares and 83,661,106 underlying shares (attributable to
      convertible instruments) directly held by Twin Holding Ltd.


Other than the interests disclosed above, the Company was not notified of any other relevant interests or short positions
in the shares or underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives) of the Company as at 31
August 2024.




42       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Report of the Directors

Restricted Share Unit Schemes

To attract, retain and motivate skilled and experienced Talents, the Company adopted four Co-Ownership plans since its
listing, namely Co-Ownership Plan II, Co-Ownership Plan III (was terminated and replaced by Co-Ownership Plan III Plus),
Co-Ownership Plan III Plus (naturally expired in October 2023) and Co-Ownership Plan IV (was amended and replaced by
the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV”) on 11 May 2023).
Co-Ownership is a powerful expression of the commitment and belief our Talents have in the Group.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, Co-Ownership Plan II, Co-Ownership Plan III Plus and the Amended and Restated
Co-Ownership Plan IV were the restricted share unit (“RSU”) schemes held by the Company.

Co-Ownership Plan II
The Co-Ownership Plan II was adopted by the Company in 2015 as an incentive arrangement to attract, retain and
motivate skilled and experienced Talents for the development of the Group. The restricted share units RSUs are acquired
by the independent trustee at the cost of the Company and are held by the trustee until the end of each vesting period.
The shares will be transferred to the participants upon vesting.

Purpose
The purpose of the Co-Ownership Plan II is to attract skilled and experienced Talents, to incentivise them to remain with
the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them
with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long-term holders of the
Company’s shares.

Participant
The Board may, at its discretion, invite any Director, director of subsidiaries of the Group or Talents who the Board
considers, have contributed or will contribute to the Group to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II. An eligible Talent
will receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person will become a participant
upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II (the “CO2 Participants”).

Administration
The Co-Ownership Plan II is subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance with the scheme
rules and the trust deed.

Remaining life
The Co-Ownership Plan II shall be valid and effective for the period commencing on 12 March 2015 (the “Listing Date”),
and will expire on the tenth anniversary thereof or such earlier date as it is terminated in accordance with the terms of the
Co-Ownership Plan II.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   43
Report of the Directors

Total number of shares available for issue
(i)   The total number of shares that may underlie the RSUs granted pursuant to the Co-Ownership Plan II shall be (i)
      10% of the shares in issue on the Listing Date or (ii) 10% or less of the shares in issue as at the date following the
      date of approval of the renewed limit (as the case may be).

        In order to enable the Co-Ownership Plan II trustee to release shares to the CO2 Participants upon vesting of each
        RSU, the Company allotted and issued, on the Listing Date, by way of capitalisation issue 5,666,666 shares to the
        Co-Ownership Plan II trustee. Such shares represented approximately 0.43% of the total issued share capital of the
        Company as at 31 August 2024. The Co-Ownership Plan II trustee will hold such shares on trust until their release to
        the CO2 Participants upon vesting of the RSUs and the termination of the scheme.

(ii)    Since its commencement date of the Co-Ownership Plan II and up to the date of this Report, a total of 5,251,862
        award shares have been granted under the Co-Ownership Plan II. The total number of shares available for future
        grant under Co-Ownership Plan II is 414,804 shares, representing approximately 0.03% of the total number of
        issued shares as at 31 August 2024.

(iii)   As there is no CO2 Participant under the Co-Ownership Plan II, no shares would be granted under the scheme as at
        the date of this Report.

Maximum entitlement
The Co-Ownership Plan II has a matching ratio of 7:3 (i.e. 3 RSUs would be granted for every 7 purchased shares). The
maximum investment amount is limited to one year of the annual compensation package of each CO2 Participant.

Time of exercising RSU
Not applicable.

Vesting period and condition
The CO2 Participants shall be entitled to receive the awarded shares vested in him/her in accordance with the vesting
schedule and the vesting conditions specified by the Board. The vesting schedule would be 25%-25%-50% upon each
anniversary over 3 years after the date of grant.

Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights (the
award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) is attached to the
RSUs. No grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Co-
Ownership Plan II, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU have been allotted
and issued to the grantee.




44      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Report of the Directors

Movement of RSU
No RSUs were granted, cancelled, vested and lapsed, and accordingly, no new shares were allotted and issued during
the year ended 31 August 2024. The number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the
Co-Ownership Plan II remained at 414,804 shares as at 31 August 2024.

Since its commencement date and up to the date of this Report, the number of shares that have been issued in respect
of the awards granted under the Co-Ownership Plan II was 5,251,862 shares, representing 0.40% of the weighted average
number of shares in issue as at 31 August 2024.

Co-Ownership Plan III Plus
The Co-Ownership Plan III Plus was a replacement of Co-Ownership Plan III which was adopted by the Company on 4
September 2019 by reasons of (i) the occurrence of the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of WTT Holding
Corp by Metropolitan Light Company Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on 30 April 2019 (the
“WTT Merger”) and that the aspirational target of the adjusted available cash per share for distribution is different for
the enlarged group after the WTT Merger and (ii) no grant of restricted share unit had been made under the plan since
its adoption.

As the cumulative adjusted available cash per share for distribution achieved by the Company was below the minimum
level of $2.53 over the 2019, 2020 and 2021 financial years of the Company, therefore no RSUs were granted, forfeited,
vested and accordingly, no new shares were allotted and issued before the expiration of the scheme in October 2023.

Purpose
The purposes of the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus were to (i) incentivise skilled and experienced Talents to remain with the
Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group in order to create value to
the shareholders, by providing them with a co-investment opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company
according to the purchase priority, while encouraging them to be long term holders of the shares; and (ii) make
contributions to the charitable fund which had been set up for the purpose of supporting charitable projects or charitable
or not-for-profit organisations for the better of Hong Kong (but not limited to Hong Kong), and was designed to immerse
Talents in a variety of corporate social investment projects to create long-term value for Hong Kong and elsewhere and
to support the Company’s core purpose of “Make our Hong Kong a better place to live”. It was intended that the
charitable fund would grow together with the overall performance of the Group.

Participant
The eligible Talent who is entitled to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus include: (i) any Executive Director of
the Company, or any Talent or consultant of the Company or any member of the Group that is of point 3 grade or above
and whose probation period (if applicable) had expired and who had not given a notice of resignation to any member of
the Group or who had not been given a notice of termination of employment by any member of the Group would be an
eligible Talent receiving an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person would
become a participant upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus in accordance
with the terms of the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus.

Administration
Co-Ownership Plan III Plus was subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance with the scheme
rules and the trust deed.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   45
Report of the Directors

Remaining life
Co-Ownership Plan III Plus was valid and effective for a period of 4 years commencing on 18 October 2019 and expired
in October 2023.

Total number of shares available for issue
(i)   The total maximum number of shares that might underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to Co-Ownership Plan
      III Plus was 44,367,647 shares, being 3.0% of the shares in issue on the day of the general meeting of the Company
      approving Co-Ownership Plan III Plus.

(ii)    Since the commencement of Co-Ownership Plan III Plus, no RSUs were granted under this plan.

(iii)   As Co-Ownership Plan III Plus expired in October 2023, no shares (0% of the issued shares) would be available for
        issue under this plan as at the date of this Report.

Maximum entitlement
The maximum entitlement was 1.33 RSU (representing a conditional entitlement to 1.33 award shares) for every-one
purchased share.

The maximum number of shares available for purchase by all participants (excluding the charitable fund) under Co-
Ownership Plan III Plus shall not at any time exceed the limit calculated in accordance with the scheme rules of Co-
Ownership Plan III Plus and after deducting 5,320,000 shares reserved for making award to the charitable fund.

Time of exercising RSU
Not applicable.

Vesting period and condition
Vesting of an RSU was conditional upon the following conditions being satisfied:

(i)     the arithmetic average of the closing share price of the shares for each of the 60 trading days of the Stock Exchange
        which immediately precedes the vesting date should be greater than $9.27; and

(ii)    the cumulative capital expenditure of the Group during the 2019, 2020 and 2021 financial years should be not less
        than $1,600,000,000 (provided that the annual capital expenditure of the Group during each of the 2019, 2020 and
        2021 financial years should be not less than $400,000,000), provided that the capital expenditure for the 2019
        financial year shall be the aggregate of the capital expenditures of HKBN Ltd. and WTT Holding Corp as separate
        companies prior to the consolidation of WTT Holding Corp into the Group on 30 April 2019.

Upon the vesting of one RSU, the Company shall promptly allot and issue one award share to the grantee (including the
charitable fund or its custodian or nominee) under the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus. As the cumulative adjusted available
cash per share for distribution achieved by the Company was below the minimum level of $2.53 over the 2019, 2020 and
2021 financial years of the Company, therefore no RSUs were granted, forfeited, vested.

Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.




46      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Report of the Directors

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs did not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights
(including those arising on the winding-up of the Company).

Movement of RSU
As the cumulative adjusted available cash per share for distribution achieved by the Company was below the minimum
level of $2.53 over the 2019, 2020 and 2021 financial years of the Company, therefore no RSUs were granted, cancelled,
vested and lapsed, and Co-Ownership Plan III Plus expired in October 2023.

The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to incentivise participating
Talents to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022–2024 financial years of the Company. Due to
macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated by geopolitics and rising interest rates,
the Company changed the company-wide performance targets from being based on adjusted free cash flow to focusing
on earnings and revenue. Accordingly, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV in 2023.
The commencement date of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was on 11 May 2023. Details of the
scheme are contained in the circular of the Company dated 6 April 2023.

Purpose
The purposes of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV are to (i) incentivise skilled and experienced Talents
to remain with the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group in the
post COVID-19 time in order to create value for the shareholders, by providing them with a co-investment opportunity to
acquire equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long term holders of the Shares; and (ii) adjust
the basis upon which award shares will be granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV by reference
to the changing business environment and circumstances of the Company and the changing performance targets of the
Company.

Participant
The eligible Talent who is entitled to participate in the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV include: (i) Talents
who were existing participants of Co-Ownership Plan IV, (ii) any Executive Director, (iii) any Talent of the Company or any
member of the Group that is of point 3 grade (supervisory level or equivalent) or above and who has not given a notice
of resignation to any member of the Group or who has not been given a notice of termination of employment by any
member of the Group, and (iv) any individual who the Company reasonably contemplates would fall within class (iii)
(provided that his/her participation is conditional upon him/her falling within class (iii) during the relevant invitation
period). An eligible Talent will receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person
will become a participant upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended CO4 Participants”).




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   47
Report of the Directors

Administration
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in
accordance with the scheme rules and the trust deed.

Remaining life
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV shall be valid and effective for the period commencing on the
commencement date and expiring on the date falling 5 years from the Adoption Date or such earlier date as it is
terminated in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.

Total number of shares available for issue
(i)   The total maximum number of shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the Amended and
      Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 shares (being approximately 2.50% of the shares in Issue (on a fully
      diluted and as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the Company approving the amendments
      and restatements of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (as may be adjusted in the event of a
      subdivision or consolidation of the shares) (the “CO4 Scheme Mandate Limit”).

(ii)    Since the commencement date and up to the date of this Report, a total of 16,679,892 RSUs (entitling the grantees
        (the “Grantee”) to receive 16,679,892 award shares) have been granted under the Amended and Restated Co-
        Ownership Plan IV.

(iii)   During the year ended 31 August 2024, 4,283,254 RSUs had been forfeited and the number of award shares that
        may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be
        12,396,638 shares. The total number of shares available for underlying future grant of RSUs under the Amended
        and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 24,576,401 shares, representing approximately 1.87% of the total number of
        issued shares as at the date of this Report.

Maximum entitlement
The maximum entitlement for the award shares is determined on a 1:1 basis. One share purchased for an Amended CO4
Participant will entitle him/her to one RSU and one RSU will potentially entitle a Grantee to receive one award share
under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (assuming that all of the vesting conditions are satisfied).

The total investment amount of an eligible Talent comprising of (i) the total investment value of his/her rollover shares
(determined according to the average closing price per share based on the daily closing prices of the shares as quoted
on the Stock Exchange for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the commencement date) together with (ii)
the new investment amount which such eligible Talent will pay for making purchases of additional shares under the
Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (in each case, if any), must in aggregate be: (A) equal to or exceed one-
sixth (1/6th) of the annual remuneration package of such eligible Talent; and (B) not more than two times of the annual
remuneration package of such eligible Talent.

Time of exercising RSU
Not applicable.




48      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Report of the Directors

Vesting period and condition
On the basis that the shares purchased for and on behalf of the Grantees under the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV are continued to be held by the plan trustee until a vesting date, vesting of RSUs granted to each
Grantee should occur on each of the following vesting dates upon the satisfaction of the corresponding vesting
conditions:

                                                                                            Portion of an RSU
 Vesting Date                                Vesting Condition                              Becoming Vested
 The date which is 12 months from the date (1)     EBITDA for 2023 financial year is not 0.15 (or 15%)
 of grant after the first invitation period        less than hk$2,615,000,000; and

                                             (2)   capital expenditure for 2023 financial
                                                   year is not more than $550,000,000
 The date within 10 business days from the   (1)   EBITDA for 2024 financial year is not 0.35 (or 35%)
 date of publication of the Company’s              less than $2,746,000,000; and
 annual results for 2024 financial year
                                             (2)   capital expenditure for 2023 financial
                                                   year and 2024 financial year in
                                                   aggregate is not more than
                                                   $1,100,000,000
 The date within 10 business days from the   (1)   EBITDA for 2025 financial year           A = 0.5 x (B–$2,801,000,000)/C
 date of publication of the Company’s              represents not less than
 annual results for 2025 financial year            $2,801,000,000 (being a compound         A — the portion of an RSU becoming
                                                   annual growth rate of approximately      vested
                                                   3.5% from the EBITDA target of
                                                   $2,615,000,000 for 2023 financial        B — actual EBITDA for 2025 financial year
                                                   year); and                               and capped at
                                                                                            $2,883,000,000
                                             (2)   capital expenditure for 2023 financial
                                                   year, 2024 financial year and 2025     C — equals to $82,000,000, which is the
                                                   financial year in aggregate is not     difference of $2,883,000,000 and
                                                   more than $1,650,000,000               $2,801,000,000


Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights (the
award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) is attached to the
RSUs. No Grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU
have been allotted and issued to the Grantee.




                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024      49
Report of the Directors

Movement of RSU
Details of the movements of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV during the year
ended 31 August 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                       Overview of RSUs

                                                                                                                                                  Aggregate      Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                  of number       of number
                                                                                                                                                  of RSUs as      of RSUs as
                                                                Unvested                 Cancelled/                                Unvested         % to the        % to the
                                                                    as at     Granted      forfeited       Vested       Lapsed         as at    issued share    CO4 Scheme
                                                             1 September        during       during         during       during   31 August        capital of      Mandate
    Participant                Date of grant     Granted            2023    the period   the period     the period   the period       2024     the Company             Limit

    Five highest paid
      individuals

      Chu Kwong YEUNG,
        Executive Director     30 August 2023   2,760,785       2,760,785           0             0             0            0     2,760,785           0.21%          7.47%

      Ni Quiaque LAI,
        Executive Director*    30 August 2023   2,971,599       2,971,599           0     2,971,599             0            0            0            0.00%          0.00%

      Three highest paid
        individuals            30 August 2023     789,942         789,942           0       295,275             0            0      494,667            0.04%          1.34%

    Directors of the Company’s
      subsidiaries             30 August 2023   1,184,009       1,184,009           0             0             0            0     1,184,009           0.09%          3.20%

    Other Participants         30 August 2023   8,973,557       8,973,557           0     1,016,380             0            0     7,957,177           0.61%         21.52%

    Total                                       16,679,892     16,679,892           0     4,283,254             0            0    12,396,638           0.95%         33.53%


*       Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI resigned as an Executive Director of the Company on 28 February 2024.


The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the RSUs were granted on 30
August 2023 under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was $4 per share.

The fair value of the RSUs granted on 30 August 2023 under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was $0 at
the date of grant. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on a binomial lattice model, taking into
account the terms and conditions upon which the RSUs were granted. Please refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this Report for the accounting policies adopted in relation to the Talents benefits which are also
applicable to the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, a total of 4,283,254 RSUs were cancelled. No purchase price was applicable to
the cancelled RSUs and no RSUs were granted or vested.

On 1 September 2023, the number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the Amended
and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was 20,293,147 shares. On 31 August 2024, the number of award shares available for
grant under the scheme mandate limit of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was 24,576,401 shares.

Since the commencement date and up to 31 August 2024, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of the
award shares granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be 12,396,638 shares, representing
0.95% of the weighted average number of shares in issue as at the date of this Report.




50          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of the Directors

Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Saved as disclosed in the “Restricted Share Unit Schemes” above, at no time during the year ended 31 August 2024 was
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means
of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other body corporate.

Equity-linked Agreements

Save for the “Restricted Share Unit Schemes” as set out on pages 43 to 50 of this Report, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 August 2024 or subsisted as at 31 August 2024.

Related Party Transactions

Related party transactions as disclosed in note 33 to the “Notes to the Financial Statements” did not constitute
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules.

Connected Transactions

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Company did not undertake any connected transaction as defined under the
Listing Rules.

Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts

No transaction, arrangement, or contract that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entity had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted during the year ended 31 August 2024 or as at 31 August 2024.

Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 August 2024.

Major Customers and Suppliers

For the year ended 31 August 2024, the aggregate amount of revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
were approximately 21% of the Group’s total revenue and the revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer were
approximately 14% of the Group’s total revenue. For the year ended 31 August 2024, the aggregate amount of purchases
and costs incurred attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers were approximately 35% of the Group’s total
purchases and costs incurred, and purchases and costs incurred from the largest supplier accounted for approximately
26% of the total purchases and costs incurred.

At no time during the year, did a Director, an associate of a Director or a shareholder of the Company, which to the
knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, have an interest in the share
capital of any of the five largest customers or suppliers of the Group.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   51
Report of the Directors

Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures
Details of the principal subsidiaries and joint ventures of the Group as at 31 August 2024 are set out in notes 12 and 13 to
the “Notes to the Financial Statements”, respectively.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the year ended 31 August 2024.

Pre-emptive Right
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”), or the
laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
shareholders.

Permitted Indemnity Provision
Pursuant to the Articles, Directors shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses
or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in
which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted. The Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
(“D&O Insurance”) undertaken by the Company provides such indemnities to the Directors of the Company and its
subsidiaries. The relevant provisions in the Articles and the D&O Insurance were in force during the year ended 31
August 2024 and as at the date of this Report.

Sufficiency of Public Float
On the basis of information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 August
2024 and up to the date of this Report.

Subsequent Event
No significant events occurred after the end of the reporting period.

Auditors
The financial statements have been audited by KPMG who shall retire and being eligible, offer themselves for re-
appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

The Company has not changed its auditors since the Listing Date.



On behalf of the Board




Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
Executive Director
Hong Kong, 31 October 2024


52   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                     Innovating for Customers

In a world shaped by change, innovation is not just a buzzword at HKBN — it is our
strategic engine for winning and retaining customers. By championing customer-
centricity, we deliver the latest innovations through technology, solutions, products,
experiences and offerings that speak directly to our customers’ needs.

Here are some examples of how we added more innovation to our offerings in FY24:

Hong Kong’s First 25Gbps Broadband
In response to skyrocketing bandwidth needs, HKBN proudly partnered with Nokia to launch 25Gbps broadband
services, marking a new era of connectivity and digital innovation. With the adoption of 25G PON technology, both our
enterprise and residential customers now have access to ultra high-speed, low-latency broadband services that are 25–
250 times faster than current standards, enabling seamless experiences with applications like Wi-Fi 8, 8K video, AI, AR,
VR and beyond. For more about our 25Gbps broadband service, please go to page 58 of this Report.

Aegis Intelligence
In August 2024, we unveiled Aegis Intelligence, an advanced upgrade to our
AegisInsight network performance monitoring platform. By integrating Generative
Artificial Intelligence (Gen AI), Aegis Intelligence provides thorough diagnostics
and actionable insights, augmenting our platform’s real-time monitoring
capabilities to not only analyse historical data trends but also offers proactive
insights (via AI-generated weekly reports) for network improvements, expedited
issue resolution, data-driven strategic planning, and more — empowering
businesses to transition towards proactive network management.




       “AegisInsight currently powers the needs of over a thousand companies and organisations,
       including notably one of Hong Kong’s largest NGOs and a prestigious luxury hotel. With
       the introduction of our Gen AI-equipped Aegis Intelligence, we can more swiftly evaluate
       bandwidth allocations and performance issues, and make precise adjustments in real-time
       to optimise network traffic flows.”

       Jackal Chau
       Co-Owner & Senior Vice President — Solutions and Service Delivery, Enterprise Solutions




Multi-Cloud Connect Service
Our groundbreaking Multi-Cloud Connect Service is the first end-to-end managed
cloud delivery solution in Hong Kong. Designed to empower enterprises on their
cloud journeys, this service integrates top-tier security, high-speed connectivity, and
network visibility. In a world where 98% of global enterprises are moving towards
multi-cloud strategies, our one-stop service addresses operational complexities,
security risks, compliance issues, cost efficiency, and service level maintenance — from
design to ongoing optimisation. Powered by HKBN's unique tri-carrier network, Multi-
Cloud Connect provides direct, high-speed connectivity to all the major public clouds, guaranteeing outstanding
performance and reliability for seamless cloud integration.
                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   53
Innovating for Customers

Hong Kong’s First Certified Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone Partner
                              In March 2024, HKBNES proudly became Hong Kong's first certified Alibaba Cloud Landing
                              Zone Partner, showcasing our growth in multi-cloud integration. This milestone reaffirms our
                              commitment to pioneering ICT solutions like on-cloud management and IT Governance for
                              our customers. In the fast-paced business landscape, a well-designed cloud landing zone is
                              crucial for stability, efficiency, security, and cost optimisation during cloud transitions. As the
                              inaugural Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone partner in Hong Kong, HKBNES leverages our
                              expertise to empower enterprises with bespoke cloud solutions, supporting essential
                              aspects of the Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone framework. Through our tailored services, we
                              ensure efficient cloud navigation, enhanced collaboration, stringent security, and cost
                              management for a seamless digital transformation journey.




      “We are thrilled to certify HKBNES as our first Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone Partner in Hong
      Kong. With a highly successful track record of deploying multi-cloud SI for leading
      conglomerates, financial institutions, and the public service sectors, HKBNES is positioned
      at the forefront to unlock even greater possibilities from cloud architecture and multi-cloud
      system integration in Hong Kong and beyond.”

      Leo Liu
      Vice President of International Business and General Manager of North APAC Region, Alibaba Cloud




SHOP-IN-A-BOX
The perfect solution for retailers, SHOP-IN-A-BOX is an all-in-one IT solution designed to streamline connectivity, scale
IT systems, enhance visibility, and provide fast technical support for retailers. In today's fast-moving retail landscape, our
innovative solution simplifies equipment and operations management — even without extensive IT expertise — by
delivering cutting-edge hardware, software, cloud flexibility, advanced applications, and IoT technology. By simplifying
the shop management processes and ensuring operational efficiency across multiple locations, SHOP-IN-A-BOX also
serves as an asset for retailers, both local and international, looking to establish or expand their presence in Hong Kong.

SHOP-IN-A-BOX provides a comprehensive suite of IT x retail management tools, including:

 Smart management                                                Security enhancement
 •   Streamline complicated workflows with practical tools       •    Protect valuable business assets both online and in
     like inventory management, environmental detection               physical stores with access control pack, CCTV,
     IoT, and queuing signage.                                        cybersecurity tools, and more.
 Productivity essentials                                         Efficient sales
 •   Enhance collaboration among staff with reliable             •    Improve customer experiences with POS and
     connectivity and communication essentials like                   payment solutions, such as self-serve kiosks and an
     managed Wi-Fi, personal device, collaboration and                ePayment system.
     communication tool.




54   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                      Innovating for Customers

OFFICE-IN-A-BOX
OFFICE-IN-A-BOX is a comprehensive all-in-one solution designed to boost efficiency and productivity for businesses
transitioning to hybrid work models. Our solution simplifies operations, fostering seamless collaboration across different
work environments with advanced communication and productivity tools to empower teams to work together more
effectively.

OFFICE-IN-A-BOX delivers a comprehensive infrastructure solution tailored to meet enterprise needs by focusing on
four critical areas:

 Meeting room and digital communications

 •   Enhance meeting spaces with solutions like one-touch video calling, integrated audio-visual technologies to
     streamline conferencing and collaboration, removing common technical barriers.

 Secured data storage and backup

 •   Our data protection service offers enterprises with on-site backup with encrypted cloud storage for swift data
     recovery to reduce business downtime.

 Physical security and surveillance

 •   Our advanced security measures include access control, alarm systems, and surveillance for round-the-clock
     workplace security protection.

 Connectivity management and cybersecurity

 •   Our package delivers top-tier connectivity management and cybersecurity services, with secured remote access,
     network monitoring, anti-DDoS protection, and email security — all monitored by HKBNES’s experts to safeguard
     each customer’s digital environment.

HKBNCare+
In the ongoing journey of HKBNCare+, our IT-as-a-Service has once again proven instrumental in meeting the diverse
needs of our enterprise clientele this year. Catering to companies lacking internal technical proficiency, HKBNCare+
offers a comprehensive range of services, spanning from office network equipment to computer support and software
applications, all backed by the expertise of one of the largest professional teams in the region. This robust support
empowers businesses to focus on growth while benefiting from the cost-effectiveness and flexibility of our token-based
subscription model. Excitingly, in FY24, our success was underscored by the sale of nearly 40,000 tokens to small and
medium enterprises (SMEs), equivalent to approximately 40,000 hours of IT services.

Fortinet Engage Partner Program
In January 2024, HKBNES made history by becoming Asia’s first to achieve all seven specialisations in Fortinet's Engage
Partner Program. This prestigious program enhances our capabilities to support customers in their digital transformation
journey, covering crucial areas such as SD-WAN, LAN Edge & SD Branch, Data Centre, Cloud Security, Zero Trust Network
Access, Operational Technology, and Security Operations. Through ongoing certification and skill development, we are now
primed to deliver top-notch solutions that propel our customers towards success with greater expertise and confidence.

AegisConnect AI
In November 2023, we introduced AegisConnect AI, our enterprise connectivity solution aimed at reshaping the
connectivity and security landscape for large enterprises in Hong Kong. By harnessing the power of Cortex XDR from
Palo Alto Networks, a global leader in cybersecurity, AegisConnect AI proactively identifies and nullifies threats across
multiple sources, delivering heightened network protection and swift threat responses.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   55
Innovating for Customers

HKBNES Partner Night 2023
With technology a fundamental cornerstone of our ICT business, we take great
pride in forging deep win-win relationships with the world’s leading tech providers.
In November 2023, we hosted our 2nd Annual HKBNES Partner Night, a one-of-a-
kind platform created to showcase the iron-clad bond we maintain with our
technology vendors, as well as recognise their support in our shared journey of
growth.

 Highlights of our Partner Night included:

 •     Unveiled HKBNES’s future roadmap for delivering ICT powerhouse solutions across Hong Kong, mainland China
       and beyond

 •     We handed out awards to appreciate and recognise the excellence of our technology partners

 •     Connected and engaged with partners on a deeper level, enabling stronger collaborations in the future

 •     As innovation continues to be a key market priority, we showcased our relentless hunger for disruption and to
       grow alongside our partners

RUCKUS AI-Powered Managed Wi-Fi Service
This year, HKBNES partnered with RUCKUS Networks to launch our AI-powered Managed Wi-Fi service in Hong Kong, a
gamechanger for the region. Delivering substantial benefits for businesses in Hong Kong, including up to a 70%
reduction in Mean Time to Resolution and 60% decrease in IT Time for proactive fault prevention and seamless
connectivity, our service taps into RUCKUS's expertise to transform Wi-Fi management in Hong Kong with state-of-the-
art AI capabilities.

Our RUCKUS AI-powered Managed Wi-Fi service provides benefits which include:

 Enhanced performance

 •   Our AI-driven platform dynamically adjusts to optimise for coverage, capacity, and client connections, ensuring
     top-notch network performance in busy settings for a consistent Wi-Fi experience.

 Seamless user experiences

 •   Prioritising vital applications and devices through real-time traffic analysis, users enjoy stable browsing in high-
     traffic locations, tailoring Wi-Fi to their needs.

 Simplified management

 •   Automation handles issue detection, diagnoses, and optimisations, streamlining network oversight. Proactive
     troubleshooting and self-healing for minimal downtime.

 Robust security

 •   Advanced encryption, authentication, and threat prevention fortify the network against unauthorised access and
     cyber threats.

 Scalability and future-proofing

 •   Supporting various deployment from small to large enterprises and high-density areas, like stadiums, campuses
     and public places, this service aligns with emerging trends and innovations, ensuring compatibility and growth.

 Powerful analytics and insights

 •   Comprehensive analytics and reporting tools provide detailed insights into network performance, user behavior,
     and application usage. These insights can be leveraged for capacity planning, troubleshooting, and optimising
     network resources, facilitating informed decision-making.


56   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Innovating for Customers

Four-In-One Healthcare Service Plan
In a key partnership with Bowtie Life Insurance Company Limited (Bowtie), a top virtual insurer
in Hong Kong, we launched an exclusive Four-In-One Healthcare Service Plan. For just $99
monthly, HKBN customers can enjoy unlimited virtual consultations, door-to-door medicine
delivery, an annual health check, flu shot, and dental cleaning twice a year. With over 3.5
million Hong Kong residents lacking employer healthcare benefits, our solution represents a
truly groundbreaking healthcare solution, cutting wait times and costs, offering services worth
over $3,500 at an affordable price for everyone. For more about this plan, please see page 61
of this Report.

Home Insurance
This year, we forged a strategic partnership with AXA Hong Kong and Macao to offer HKBN customers a seamless
combo of home broadband and home insurance coverage. Our goal is simple: to provide households with a one-stop
solution for total peace of mind. Through our offerings, customers can enjoy Infinite-play options that blend home
broadband with asset protection — ensuring that homes are not only connected but also fully protected. For more about
our home insurance offering, please refer to page 60 of this Report.

One-stop Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution
In a leap forward for managed Wi-Fi, our ongoing partnership with TP-Link has given rise to our newest offering: Priority
Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution. This service combines TP-Link's Aginet network management platform with our lightning-fast
2000M fibre broadband and Wi-Fi services, all supported by our expert team. At the heart of Priority Plus lie TP-Link's
Aginet routers and the sophisticated Aginet Unified Cloud system (TAUC), revolutionising monitoring and remote issue
resolution. Starting at just HK$248 per month, this comprehensive package includes premium 2000M broadband, a TP-
Link Aginet router, and 24/7 technical support, ensuring a stress-free Wi-Fi experience. To learn more, please go to page
61 of this Report.

N mobile Launch
Launched in December 2023, N mobile was created as a response to
the changing landscape of data consumption and travel habits among
consumers. Our forward-thinking brand offers an array of services and
rewards tailored to meet these evolving needs, ranging from local
and cross-border mobile data to customisable pricing plans and user-
centric rewards. A standout feature includes the groundbreaking "use
now, pay later" roaming data service, setting a new standard for on-
the-go convenience. For more details about N mobile, please see
page 61 of this Report.




      “Hongkongers are well-known for their love of travel and leisure activities. Whether it is
      exploring local attractions, heading north across the border for leisure, or traveling abroad,
      people require stable and seamless telecommunications. N mobile brings a distinctive new
      experience, catering to both local and overseas needs at a single price with an array of
      irresistible offers from our partners.”
      Kenneth She
      Chief Transformation Officer




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   57
              Creating Opportunity:
              The New Era of Connectivity
Think back to the year 2004, a time when 480P videos were
considered cutting-edge, YouTube had not yet launched (company
founded in 2005), the iPhone was only a visionary concept, Netflix
was a DVD mail-rental service, and music streaming was still in its
infancy. Internet speeds, primarily delivered via dial-up, DSL, and
cable services, capped at a modest 2Mbps.

As the landscape continued to evolve, HKBN emerged as a pioneer
in connectivity. Leading the way, we at HKBN introduced Hong
Kong’s first 100Mbps service, setting a new benchmark for speed
and accessibility. Continuing this momentum, in 2005, we
revolutionised the industry by making HKBN the first in the world to
offer one-third of total households Fibre-to-the-Home 1Gbps
residential broadband service, establishing a whole new paradigm
in speed and performance.

Over the past two decades, the ubiquitous adoption of high-speed
Internet, ranging from 100Mbps to 1Gbps, became instrumental in
propelling the digital revolution forward — and has fundamentally
changed the way we live, work, and interact with the world through
smartphones, video and music streaming, OTT entertainment
platforms, cloud computing, the blockchain, e-banking,
e-commerce, and so much more.




                                                     World’s first 1Gbps                June 2024
                                                     broadband service
                                                                                        Hong Kong’s first

                                                                                        25Gbps
                                                                                        Broadband Service
 Since 2004




                                                                       World's first
                           Hong Kong’s first 100Mbps                   Money-Back
                           residential broadband                       Dual Guarantee




58   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Powering the Future with 25Gbps Broadband
Fast forward to present-day 2024, where the Internet has now become as essential as water or electricity. Today,
every household member is interconnected, and workplaces rely heavily on digital tools, demanding fast and
secure Internet for seamless operations. Looking ahead, the trajectory is clear: bandwidth demands will only soar,
driven by the advent of technologies like AI, VR, next-gen 8K video (and beyond) streaming, and countless others
on the horizon.

Amidst this dynamic tech landscape, the need to cater to these burgeoning demands presents a significant
opportunity. Enter HKBN, and once again, we’ve led the charge to launch Hong Kong’s first 25Gbps broadband
service in 2024 (with mass coverage slated for 2025). Our groundbreaking service not only represents a
monumental leap in Internet speed but also marks the dawn of a new era of connectivity.




   “Imagine an electric car with twenty-five times more range or a smartphone with 25X processing
   power. That’s the level of enhancement our 25Gbps service brings. At HKBN, we’re delivering a
   transformative experience tailored to meet the evolving requirements of consumers and businesses
   now and in the future. As Hong Kong’s first with 25Gbps, HKBN has a golden opportunity to add value
   to win new customers as well as satisfy our existing base of residential and enterprise customers.”

   William Yeung
   Co-Owner, Executive Vice-chairman and Group CEO




For residential customers, the impact of our 25Gbps service is nothing short of revolutionary. Picture streaming
ultra-clear 8K videos without a hint of buffering, downloading large files in the blink of an eye, and online gaming
experiences with zero lag. Smart homes will hum with unprecedented efficiency, enhancing convenience and
automation like never before. Our high-speed service will serve as a gateway to whole new paradigms of
entertainment, communication, and seamless daily living.

The transformative power of 25Gbps connectivity on businesses will be equally striking. From small startups to
large corporates, the enhanced speed and reliability will redefine operations across diverse industries. Teams will
effortlessly collaborate in real-time, breaking down geographical barriers to drive innovation. High-capacity
processes like AI, machine learning, and big data analytics will thrive, driving creativity and business expansion in
ways previously unimagined.

In tandem with our 25Gbps service rollout, our
leadership in cutting-edge connectivity will take centre
stage, as we aggressively position HKBN as the
premier destination for ultra-high-speed Internet,
offering plans which start at a bare minimum of 1Gbps,
                                                                                                               TM
and consist of options for 2.5Gbps, 10Gbps and
25Gbps ­— in other words, solidify HKBN as the go-to
hub for GigaFast Broadband.

While our industry competitors will likely remain anchored at speeds such as 100Mbps or 500Mbps, our top-tier
GigaFast Broadband speeds will thrust Hong Kong into a new era, unlocking endless possibilities for consumers
and businesses alike.

                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   59
Infinite-play: The Convergence
of Disruptive Value and Choice
In 2016, HKBN shook up Hong Kong’s telco landscape with a Quad-play model that combined fibre broadband,
home telephone, mobile services, and OTT offerings. This strategic move empowered our Residential Solutions
customers to access a diverse range of telecom and entertainment services conveniently consolidated into a
single monthly bill, enabling our subscribers to tailor preferred services for maximum value.

Today, with our Residential business maintaining a recurring billing relationship with nearly 1 million customers,
or 1-in-3 households in Hong Kong, our Infinite-play strategy stands out for a wide array of highly attractive
offerings whose appeal targets more than just households, but also the needs of individual household
members. Under the Infinite-play umbrella, we deliver a compelling suite of services and solutions, including
world-class broadband with one-stop managed Wi-Fi, innovative mobile plans, home telephone, the four major
OTT platforms of Netflix, Disney+, myTV SUPER, and iQIYI, personal cybersecurity, and — newly introduced
this year — home insurance and healthcare service, all aimed at redefining consumer value and boosting our
Average Revenue Per User (ARPU).




Broadening Wallet Share
with Insurance and Healthcare Services
This year, we rolled out comprehensive home insurance and healthcare services, tapping
into a fresh market segment to better address our customers’ needs.


In the home insurance arena, our
partnership with AXA offers a highly
practical solution. Recognising the
common need to arrange new services
like broadband when relocating, we
now offer an added layer of protection
— home insurance. This collaboration
provides a compelling opportunity for
customers to safeguard their homes
while simplifying the process of
transitioning to a new residence.




                                               By teaming up with AXA, we’ve fused two essentials, home insurance and home
                                               broadband, into the ultimate home package.




60   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
As for healthcare service, picture a single
package covering unlimited telemedicine
consultations, medicine deliveries, dental
care, and vaccination benefits. Teaming up
with Bowtie Insurance, Hong Kong’s first
virtual insurer, we launched an affordable
Four-In-One Healthcare Service Plan
priced at $99 per month. This innovative
offering not only redefines the boundaries
of accessible wellness coverage but also
sets a new benchmark for making
comprehensive healthcare protection
affordable to the masses.


                                                       Redefining healthcare! Our Four-In-One Healthcare Service Plan delivers game-
                                                       changing value with the HKBN and Bowtie dream team in action.


Pioneering Moves in Mobile
This year, HKBN introduced N mobile, a brand meticulously designed with
customers at its core. Tailored to cater to travel-centric user behaviors, N mobile
offers customisable 5G and 4G plans, exceptional value, and a dynamic range of
user rewards — all provided at competitive prices. This innovative approach has
positioned N mobile as a game-changer, reshaping the mobile services
landscape.

And in response to the growing need for uninterrupted connectivity, N mobile
has gone the extra mile. Through launching enhanced plans that seamlessly
integrate local, mainland, and international data, we have ensured unmatched
convenience for our customers, enabling them to stay connected wherever their
travels take them.

What truly sets N mobile apart is the commitment to customisation. With
personalised 5G and 4G plans that adapt to individual needs — whether it is
tailored data packages for local usage, seamless data access in mainland China,
or year-round connectivity when overseas — our service guarantees that users
get exactly what they require. This level of flexibility and value is a game-changer
in an industry often characterised by one-size-fits-all solutions.




Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution
Wi-Fi signal interruptions, buffering delays, dropped connections, and connectivity glitches reflect the daily struggles
faced by many. Enter our latest breakthrough: Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution. This pioneering service not only
addresses these common pain-points but also establishes a new gold standard in Wi-Fi reliability and performance. By
integrating TP-Link's Aginet network management platform with our lightning-fast 2000M fibre broadband, customers
now have access to a stress-free Wi-Fi experience that is not just superior but also effortlessly seamless.

At the heart of our Priority Plus service lie TP-Link's advanced Aginet routers and the cutting-edge Aginet Unified Cloud system
(TAUC), which marks a paradigm shift in how Wi-Fi networks are managed. This highly intelligent system enables comprehensive
monitoring and remote issue resolution, delivering exactly what every customer desires: uninterrupted connectivity and peace
of mind. Moreover, our service includes round-the-clock technical support from HKBN’s network experts.


                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024           61
                   TALENT
                 CO-OWNERSHIP

At HKBN, our Talents are the driving force behind our success. Recognising them not
just as staff but as integral contributors, we foster an environment and culture that
nurtures the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and skills of our teams and
empowers them to achieve exceptional outcomes in an ever-evolving ICT industry
landscape.


Talent Interest Alignment
                                                           FY25 Goal                              FY24 Progress
Fostering a shared vision among our
Talents is fundamental to HKBN’s success
and future. Through our Co-Ownership
scheme and ESG-related special incentive
programmes, we offer our Talents the
option to participate in our success while
fostering a deeper sense of ownership in                  Achieve at least                 Our senior executives linked their


                                                          88%
HKBN. These “skin-in-the-game” alignment                                                salaries to achieving a 14% reduction in
                                                                                         electricity usage in FY24 compared to
initiatives not only empower our Talents to
                                               cumulative success rate in ESG-related   FY22. This target was successfully met.
contribute directly to our progress but also
instill a shared commitment through               special incentive programmes

personal financial involvement.




62   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                    ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Driving Continual Success through Amended Co-Ownership Plan IV
Eligible Talents have the opportunity to participate in Amended Co-Ownership Plan IV (“Amended CO4”) by investing
an equivalent of 2 to 24 months of their salary into HKBN shares at market price, or by rolling over their existing CO4
shares into the Amended CO4 scheme. Participants who purchase or rollover shares will be rewarded with
complementary shares at a maximum 1:1 ratio after our Company achieves our yearly targets in FY23–FY25.

As at the end of 31 August 2024, the participation rate of managerial grade or above Talents was 58.4%.

Fair Remuneration to Recognise Excellence
At HKBN, we offer competitive and fair compensation packages that align with local market standards. Our Total
Rewards approach includes both monetary and non-monetary benefits, as well as a broad range of non-statutory
benefits, which serve to attract, motivate and retain the best Talents. All full-time Talents are entitled to discretionary
performance bonuses. In addition to salary and bonus, Talents are also entitled to the Mandatory Provident Fund
(retirement plan or equivalent) scheme, along with a variety of leave, insurance, health and wellness benefits.

Talent performance is appraised through a multilayered process that includes self-assessments, supervisory evaluations,
review meetings, and company-wide performance calibrations. These assessments serve as a criterion from which salary
reviews, bonus allocations, and promotion nominations are based upon.

Compensation packages are reviewed annually to ensure alignment with performance, contributions, and market trends.

Talent-Obsessed Engagement & Development

A happy and engaged workforce serves as a vital catalyst for enhanced productivity, loyalty, and ultimately, the success
of our business. Within an ever-evolving landscape of challenges, our Talent Relations team is focussed on elevating the
physical and mental well-being of our Talents, nurturing a workplace environment that champions happiness, respect
and fulfilment through the following strategies:



  Creating a FUN culture for our                           FY25 Goal                            FY24 Progress
  Talents



  Providing comprehensive
  support for the mental well-
  being of our Talents                                   Reach an overall                       Achieved an overall
                                                       engagement score of                     engagement score of


  Showing appreciation to Talents                         70%                                     66%
                                                                                             “favourable” in our Talent
  for their individual achievements                  favourability in our Talent
                                                                                                Engagement Survey
  and contributions                                     Engagement Survey




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024     63
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership


LIFE-work Priority
While many companies are still figuring out the work-life balance puzzle, we’ve long flipped the script by focussing on LIFE-
work Priority at HKBN. Central to our ethos is the well-being and personal lives of our Talents, as we work hard to build a
supportive environment where they truly feel cherished. Here are some of the initiatives we implemented in FY24:




Starting our new chapter at The Quayside with cheers and celebrations galore!




                                                                         Relocating to The Quayside
                                                                         As we made the move from our KITEC office in Kowloon Bay to
                                                                         The Quayside in Kwun Tong, we celebrated with a
                                                                         housewarming party alongside WEDO Global, a social enterprise
                                                                         all about crafting vibrant cultural experiences that connect
                                                                         diverse communities. This collaboration highlights our support
                                                                         for social enterprises, giving them a spotlight to shine. The event
                                                                         was a blast, filled with lively folks, tasty treats (catering courtesy of
                                                                         a number of social enterprise partners), and excitement for
                                                                         HKBN’s journey ahead.

                                                                         Moreover, our housewarming also doubled as a stage for
                                                                         honoring our Talents with a special Tenniversary Awards
                                                                         ceremony, which recognised HKBNers who contributed 10, 20,
                                                                         30, and even 40 incredible years of service to our Company.




 Chief Happiness Officer (“CHO”) programme
In our quest to amplify joy within HKBN, we’ve handpicked a group of Talents and groomed them into CHO
ambassadors committed to fostering happiness in our workplace. This year, our 10+ CHOs organised a variety of
cool activities such as yoga classes, football matches, and outdoor hikes.




64    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                            ESG | Talent Co-Ownership


Break Learn, Big Learn                                        VOOL Club
A programme dedicated to delivering                           Our VOOL Club offers fitness activities and
educational initiatives that seamlessly blend                 festive-related workshops to foster camaraderie
games with enriching knowledge.                               and well-being among our Talents.




Family Day
In August 2024, over 40 families participated in our Family Day@HKBN, held simultaneously in Hong Kong and
Guangzhou. Our Hong Kong event featured an office tour and a variety of engaging workshops featuring magic tricks,
card-making, toy brick building, and sports activities, complemented by entertaining mini-games for children. In
                                                                                   Guangzhou, a special drawing
                                                                                   workshop was organised to
                                                                                   strengthen bonds between
                                                                                   parents and their children.
                                                                                   Both events were a delightful
                                                                                   blend of fun and interactive
                                                                                   experiences, creating lasting
                                                                                   memories for all participants.




10-second Wellness Clamp
                                                           We hosted an engaging “10-second Wellness Clamp”
                                                           game for our Talents, with a variety of health products up
                                                           for grabs. Additionally, we enhanced our Wellness Bazaar
                                                           so that Talents can now spend their HealthCoins via our
                                                           MixCare digital platform and make instant purchases on
                                                           various wellness products.




Smart Working Parents Club                              MixCare Wellness Bazaar
Our SMART Working Parents Club organised                  This lively and inclusive event was specially crafted to
supportive activities for our working parents.            showcase the MixCare Platform and its diverse
Notably, our Club arranged a delightful visit to          offerings. With a wide array of wellness products and
the Wong Tai Sin Fire Station, an excursion               services, our event provided Talents with the chance to
providing a supportive and engaging outing for            delve into various health practices, spanning fitness,
working parents.                                          nutrition, mental health, and relaxation.




                                                                                   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024      65
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Talent Wellness
Throughout the year, our commitment remains steadfast in nurturing a workplace environment that prioritises the
physical and mental well-being of our Talents.

Supporting Mental Well-being & Health Awareness
In FY24, we organised a diverse array of wellness activities tailored to bolster the physical health, mental well-being, and
overall vitality of our Talents:


 Mindfulness and Stress Management

 •   We hosted a “Take a Deep Breath” workshop, introducing the transformative benefits of deep breathing
     techniques to alleviate stress and cultivate a sense of peace and calm.



 Health Awareness and Consultation

 •   Teaming up with Mannings, our “Level Up My Health”
     session linked our Talents with dietitians and
     pharmacists to receive specialised health guidance.

 •   Partnering with Bowtie, we introduced an “AI Hair and
     Scalp Check” for a quick evaluation of hair health.

 •   At our Centrepoint Office in Guangzhou, our “Retinal
     Screening — Office Health Check” provided a quick
     5-minute evaluation of potential health risks.




 Online Health Workshop

 •   We utilised annual physical reports to customise a series of webinars for our Talents in mainland China and
     Macao. These sessions delved into topics such as digestion, women’s health, and musculoskeletal concerns, and
     featured expert physicians who shared invaluable knowledge and insights.




66   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Promoting Healthier Lifestyles
As a Talent-first company, we’re always looking to make HKBN a better place for HKBNers. Going beyond the traditional
medical insurance route, our forward-thinking strategy equips HKBNers with the power of flexibility. Beyond mere
coverage, our initiative gives Talents the freedom to pick and choose wellness perks through our new digital health
platform, MixCare Health, with options ranging from fitness classes, yoga sessions, prescription eyewear and
medications. Facilitated by a hyper-streamlined reimbursement system, our Talents now enjoy access to a dynamic
wellness marketplace offering substantial discounts on dental care, health screenings, and more. But that’s not all — our
Talents also get the benefit of exclusive HKBN flash deals, access to the Wellness Bazaar and special discounts during
International Women’s Day.

In FY24, we stayed true to our mission of nurturing healthy and environmentally conscious lifestyles. HKBN dove headfirst
into the Walk Up Jardine House challenge, a cool mash-up of physical and virtual elements. This culminated in a
collective step count of 835,243, achieved through step machines placed across our offices over two weeks.

To keep the wellness vibes going, we organised a refreshing hiking escapade in collaboration with the Yama VOOL Club.
Led our very own Chief Happiness Officer and hiking guru, Gary Leung, this outdoor adventure whisked our team to
Lantau Island for a dose of nature’s beauty and tranquility. It’s all part of our ongoing drive to foster well-rounded and
active lifestyles among our teams.




            Rising to the Walk Up challenge, our team clinched the top spot among all corporate participants in the Virtual Race!




                                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   67
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Talent Health and Safety
At HKBN, our commitment to the health and safety of all our Talents is paramount. In May 2024, we conducted a Safety
Pulse Survey. These surveys provided us with vital feedback to improve our safety practices. Additionally, we also
regularly provide safety training and other activities to our Talents and sub-contractors, ensuring we maintain a safe and
supportive workplace.

We also require that a particular ratio in the tender documents is dedicated to safety during the vendor selection process
to ensure the company’s alignment with our safety standards is upheld.




                                                    Our occupational health and safety system is


                                                          ISO 45001
                                           certified, which covers the Group’s operations in Hong Kong



Number of fatalities:                             Work-related injury rate1:                      Lost days2 due to work-related injury:




                         0                                           0.57                                                  1,805
1
     The work-related injury rate represents the number of reported injuries per 100 full-time employees per year. It is calculated as “total number of work-
     related injuries multiplied by 200,000 and then divided by total hours worked.” The factor 200,000 represents the annual hours worked by 100 full-time
     employees, based on 40 hours per week for 50 weeks a year.

2
     “Lost days” is the sum total of calendar days (consecutive or otherwise) for the days on which the work-related injuries and work-related ill health
     occurred. For Hong Kong, a “Lost day” occurs when, in the opinion of a physician, an employee cannot work. “Lost day” is calculated based on the
     total of calendar days (consecutive or otherwise) starting from the lost day occurs. While for Mainland, it is calculated based on the total of calendar
     days (consecutive or otherwise) for the days on which the work-related injuries and work-related ill health occurred.




68    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                   ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Open Communication with Talents
At HKBN, inclusivity is synonymous with transparent and open communication, ensuring that every Talent’s voice is
valued. To gauge how our Talents feel about HKBN, a Pulse Survey was conducted in September 2024, revealing some
key insights. Notably, this year witnessed a rise in participation, with the response rate growing from 82% to 89%
compared to FY23.

Although this year’s ‘favorable’ engagement score experienced a slight 3% decline compared to FY23, dropping from
69% to 66%, a closer examination of our survey data reveals interesting insights. In our analysis of responses to the
question “Motivated to do better,” we found that the rating for this aspect remained consistent with the results from
FY23. This consistency highlights the enduring drive our Talents exhibit towards success, showcasing their unwavering
commitment to excellence. Looking ahead, we are determined to continue fostering HKBN’s unique Talent-first culture,
ensuring that HKBN continues to thrive as a supportive workplace environment.

The insights obtained from our Talent Engagement Survey have highlighted crucial areas for enhancement within our
operations. In response to last year’s survey, we launched a series of updates aimed at refining the customer billing
experience for both our Residential and Enterprise clients. Additionally, we have expanded our offerings of Talent
learning programmes on our 1-HKBN Academy platform, encompassing diverse topics like ESG, Enterprise Solutions
and administration, customer service, and sales.

Life-long Talent Development
In an ever-evolving digital landscape that thrives on innovation, we champion a culture of change. Embracing the need
for constant transcendence, we prioritise life-long learning and growth to equip our Talents with the skills and knowledge
needed to navigate the stream of challenges amid emergent trends and advancements. Throughout FY24, we
maintained the momentum by offering a diverse mix of training and development initiatives to our workforce, a selection
of which is showcased below:

 Type of Training/        Training Programmes/            Objective
 Initiatives              Initiatives
 Development              Be a Pioneer                    Cultivate aspiring individuals for managerial roles through
 programme                                                mission-driven design thinking by equipping them with the
                                                          necessary skills and mindset to innovate effectively and
                                                          seamlessly transition into leadership positions.

                          Be a STAR Leader                Develop leadership skills that boost team performance for
                                                          supervisory-level Talents and enhance effectiveness for
                                                          individual contributors.

                          Be a People’s Leader            Equip our supervisory-level Talents with effective leadership
                                                          skills to guide and lead teams.

                          Be a Team Champion              Assist potential Talents to master team management skills,
                                                          establish more efficient teamwork plans, and promote business
                                                          development.

                          Selfidence                      Improve self-awareness and learning via various workplace soft
                                                          skills like emotional management, assertiveness and
                                                          communication skills.

 Sales skills             ES Sales Accelerator            A mandatory training initiative aimed at improving our ES Sales
 development              Training                        Talents and their skills in areas like sales pitching, learning from
                                                          rejection, understanding customer psychology and much
                                                          more.

                          Online Learning Video for       Diversified online learning videos covers customer service,
                          all Talents                     sales skills, consumer psychology, and more, providing
                                                          multifaceted information that allows Talents to equip
                                                          themselves with a wide array of skillsets and maintain their
                                                          competitiveness.



                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024     69
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

 Type of Training/          Training Programmes/         Objective
 Initiatives                Initiatives

 ESG-related                ESG 101                      Provide Talents across all regions with introductory knowledge
                                                         about ESG concepts (including topics about environmental
                                                         protection and diversity), our strategy, and sustainability value
                                                         creation to HKBN and our stakeholders

                            ESG Comics Series            Promote awareness and understanding of ESG concepts
                                                         among our Talents in mainland China

 Professional               Knowledge Pop-Up Booth       Deliver online video learning with Q&A activities for Talents
 development                                             to practice and apply their knowledge about topics like sales
                                                         skills and customer psychology.

 Ethics and                 Annual refresher training    Refresh and enhance our Talents’ knowledge on job-specific
 compliance                                              protocols for customer service, as well as for ethics covering
                                                         areas like anti-bribery, anti-corruption and whistleblowing

 Continuous learning        Talent Development           Fully support all Talents in their learning journeys, including
 sponsorship                Sponsorship Scheme           to pursue professional courses or certifications, or to expedite
                                                         Talent development, fulfil job-specific requirements and
                                                         enhance work quality
 `




We have established mandatory onboarding training programs for all new Talents to initiate them into our Company
culture and policies. These comprehensive sessions cover critical areas such as HKBN’s distinctive culture and policies,
fundamental IT concepts, information security, and our ESG commitments.

In FY24, we conducted a total of approximately 60,875 hours of training, with each Talent benefiting from an average of
15 hours of structured development.




Breakdown of FY24 training provided:
Gender
     Male                                       Female



                97.69%                                   97.91%
                15.36                                    15.48
                                  hours                                       hours
                                  per Talent                                  per Talent


Employee grading
Managerial-or-above Talents                      Supervisory Talents                        All other Talents

94.85%                                           99.76%                                     97.87%
7.44           hours
               per Talent                        12.07           hours
                                                                 per Talent                 16.82              hours
                                                                                                               per Talent


70   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Summer Intern Programme 2024: Fostering Tomorrow’s Leaders

                                                                           Illustrating our commitment to cultivating
                                                                           the next generation of leaders, we
                                                                           enthusiastically welcomed five Summer
                                                                           Interns to HKBN. Kicking off an exciting
                                                                           summer adventure, these interns not only
                                                                           soaked in valuable career know-how but
                                                                           also sharpened their professional skillsets
                                                                           and teamwork abilities by diving headfirst
                                                                           into a variety of challenging projects. It was
                                                                           a joy to witness their growth from fresh
                                                                           recruits to confident leaders.




 Beyond their regular tasks, our interns got
 a special treat — a chance to mix it up
 with interns from one of our business
 partners. In this lively exchange held in
 our office at The Quayside, our leaders
 Danny Sze, Vice President-Solutions and
 Service Delivery, and Alvin Chun,
 Assistant Vice President of Sales
 Engineering, shared their personal
 insights on fostering innovation. The
 session dived deep into our purpose and
 culture, sparking a fire in the interns to
 think big and envision boundless
 possibilities in their future career journeys.

                                                  Meet our 2024 Summer Interns: (from left) Rex Shui, Ryan Chan, Chloe Ip, Jiaqi
                                                  Sun and Kimmy Man.




                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024          71
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                           FY25 Goal                       FY24 Progress
At HKBN, we foster a culture rooted in
respect and inclusivity that cherishes
Talents for their unique strengths and
contributions. By putting diversity and
inclusivity front and center, we tap into a
rich pool of talent, building powerhouse
                                                                Enhance female representation                   Reached
teams that shake things up and leave a

                                                                                                          25.7%
                                                                     in technical roles to
meaningful impact.

                                                                    27%               or above1          of female representation
                                                                                                             in technical roles



Building a Diverse Workforce
Fostering diversity within our team is pivotal to our strategy of maintaining a competitive advantage in today’s
challenging market landscape. To this end, we have put significant emphasis on enhancing our Talent acquisition and
retention efforts, with a focus on championing diversity and positioning HKBN as top employer of choice.

The Management Committee and senior executive team hold overarching responsibility for overseeing and maintaining
accountability in the development of our workforce diversity efforts. These initiatives are put into action by our Talent
Engagement team, which routinely reports on their advancement to the Management Committee and senior executive
teams, keeping our leadership abreast of developments and enabling informed strategic direction. Our aim is to surpass
conventional standards by introducing programmes that foster gender diversity, ultimately cultivating a resilient and
varied Talent pool. In FY24, we proudly achieved a 25.7% rate of female representation among our technical roles.

HKBN Women’s Network, launched in 2022, serves as a dynamic support system empowering our female Talents. Our
platform offers a space for sharing experiences, fostering connections, and amplifying their voices and perspectives.

In our pursuit to attract Talents from diverse backgrounds, we actively participate in recruitment events and collaborate
with universities, secondary schools, and NGOs to expand our talent pool.




1
     This target was revised from 18% to 27% due to a refinement of the definition of technical roles.




72    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                        ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Total workforce by gender:                              Total workforce by employment type:
       Male                           Female                Full Time           Part Time               Contract




    63.5%                          36.5%                    97%                  1%                       2%
    2,453                         1,410                     3,863                35                       89
Total workforce by age group*:

         30                                            31 50                                        50
     15%                                                 71%                                     14%
     586                                               2,722                                     555
Total workforce by geographical location*:                               Employee turnover rate by gender*
    Hong Kong                     Macao              Mainland China             Male                  Female




     56%                           1%                   43%
2,160                              42                1,661                      29%                 21%
Employee turnover rate by                                          Employee turnover rate by
age group*                                                         geographical location*:

      ≤30                         31-50               ≥50                Hong          Macao                Mainland
                                                                         Kong                               China


      41%                         23%                 22%                30%           13%                  21%
*    Calculation based solely on full-time Talents



                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   73
ESG | Talent Co-Ownership

Respect for Human Rights and Labour Practices
As stated in our Talent Handbook, we are committed to upholding all internationally recognised human rights in line with
the principles and guidance outlined in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the
International Bill of Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization’s (“ILO”) Declaration on Fundamental
Principles and Rights at Work.

Workplace Diversity and Prevention of Harassment & Discrimination
HKBN is an equal opportunity employer that prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. By embracing diversity
in the workplace, we uphold the principle of equal employment opportunities for all staff members and strive to offer a
work environment that is devoid of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at HKBN are based on
business needs, occupational requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, religion, colour, cultural
background, politics, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a
protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. We
strive to foster a professional and inclusive environment where all Talents are respected, valued and enabled to thrive.
We treat all acts of discrimination seriously and will not tolerate any forms of discrimination.

Whenever Talents suspect they are being discriminated or suspect other Talents of violating the above policies,
complaints can be made directly to a department head or head of Talent Engagement team. If the complaint is found
valid after investigation, disciplinary actions will be taken, including summary dismissal without notice or payment in lieu
of notice.

Prevention of Forced Labour and Protection of Children
Our Company strictly forbids forced labour and child labour, which also extends to our suppliers as specified in our
Supplier Code of Conduct. We only employ young Talents in accordance with the Employment of Children Regulations
and the Employment of Young Persons (Industry) Regulations. We treat all illegal employment seriously and will not
tolerate such acts.

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
We respect our Talent’s freedom to negotiate with the Company in regards to their working conditions. We observe the
right of association, and respect our Talents’ freedom to form or join trade unions or labour unions in accordance with
local laws. There is no labour union organised in Hong Kong and overseas offices, but employees do have direct access
with HKBN management.

Talent Transition and Retirement Planning
We understand the importance of social responsibility during an organisational restructuring. For Talents approaching
retirement age, we encourage open discussions with the department head and our Talent Management team to explore
options and plans for retirement. When necessary, we also offer post-retirement arrangements, such helping our Talents
transition from full-time to contract or part-time employment. In the case of major team restructurings or merger
activities, our Talent Engagement team provides departing Talents with additional support, including outplacement and
career transition services, employee assistance programmes, resume workshops, and assistance with medical insurance
conversion, and more.




74   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
 TECHNOLOGY
FOR GOOD
ESG | Technology for Good

As a transformative force, technology has the power to improve everything we do.
Mindful of this, HKBN’s goal is clear: responsibly leverage our technology capabilities
to drive positive change for communities and the environment — and engender a
more inclusive, interconnected world that benefits both present and future
generations.

ESG Enabler
                                                          FY25 Goal                          FY24 Progress
We fully recognise that one company alone
cannot do it all. That’s why we’re passionate
about being an ESG champion, not just for
ourselves, but also outside of HKBN —
whether they’re our enterprise customers,
social profit organisations, or even our
suppliers and partners. With our expertise in        Launch new ESG-themed      Launched Aegis Intelligence, an upgrade to our
ICT and massive scale, we’re on a mission to           solutions every year      AegisInsight network performance monitoring
spark innovation and provide tailored solutions                                   platform, to bolster cybersecurity, enhancing
that enable these stakeholders to drive forward                                          governance and risk mitigation

their sustainability aspirations and initiatives.

Market-ready ESG Solutions

In our ongoing commitment to align our business with ESG objectives, we are working diligently to introduce innovative
solutions that can help enterprise customers achieve a balance between operational efficiency, business goals and
sustainability. Our solutions not only serve to boost performance and productivity for their organisations but also foster
positive impacts in areas like environmental sustainability and governance via bolstered cybersecurity.

Aegis Intelligence
Amid a landscape fraught with escalating cybersecurity threats touching every industry and sector, this year we
introduced Aegis Intelligence — a groundbreaking upgrade to our AegisInsight network performance monitoring
platform. Powered by Generative Artificial Intelligence (Gen AI), Aegis Intelligence offers in-depth analysis, vital
diagnostics, and actionable insights aimed at refining infrastructure planning and proactive cybersecurity defenses.

Within a commitment framework of fortifying customer resilience and sustainability, Aegis Intelligence will play a role in
enhancing risk mitigation and compliance. By championing enhanced governance, our solution serves as a shield,
helping enterprise customers safeguard the interests of their company, as well as the data of customers, partners,
investors and others. For more about Aegis Intelligence, please go to page 53 of this Report.

ESG Solutions Outlook

As we move forward into FY25, a primary focus will be to help customers achieve their ESG and sustainability objectives
by leveraging our expertise in critical areas such as cybersecurity and networking infrastructure. We plan to implement
the following strategies to make a meaningful impact:




76   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                    ESG | Technology for Good


 Infrastructure Deployment
 Collaborating with our vendor partners, we will integrate sustainability into our infrastructure solutions through
 virtualisation to minimise hardware usage. Our approach will emphasise hardware upgrades that align with the
 principles of refresh, reuse, and recycle, as advised by our HKBNES team, to help clients reduce electricity
 consumption and waste over the long term.



 Cloud Migration
 We will intensify efforts to facilitate the transition of enterprise clients’ on-premises infrastructure to cloud-based
 platforms. By capitalising on reduced hardware and power consumption, this shift will yield substantial energy
 savings in the long run.




 Cybersecurity
 With our leadership in diversified cybersecurity solutions, we will deploy tailored security platforms to shield
 enterprise customers from emerging security threats. By addressing multi-vector denial of service attacks that
 jeopardise critical infrastructure, our solutions aim to elevate each customer’s security standards, governance, and
 risk mitigation.


Digital Inclusion for our Communities

In today’s fast-paced digital world, a stark disparity has surfaced between individuals possessing tech skills and access
and those lacking these crucial resources. As leaders in ICT, we’re on a mission to use our strengths to bridge this digital
divide within our communities. Our multifaceted approach focuses on nurturing digital literacy, promoting awareness of
cyber wellness, educating our communities, and eliminating the barriers to digital access.

Rather importantly, to enhance the efficacy of our Corporate Social Investment (“CSI”) endeavors and maximise their
impacts, we are actively exploring new metrics that will yield more precise insights into the effectiveness of our digital
inclusion initiatives.

Fostering Sustainable and Inclusive Development
Being a purpose-driven organisation means we strive to
                                                                           FY25 Goal                    FY24 Progress
provide accessible and reliable services while championing
digital inclusion for everyone, with a special focus on groups
like the elderly, youth, individuals with disabilities, and low-
income households. Our commitment to this cause is
materially demonstrated through the deployment of our
corporate resources and the expertise of our diverse Talent-
force.                                                                 Conduct social impact         Conducted social impact
                                                                      assessments for all digi-          assessment on our
With the implementation of our HKBN CSI Theory of                     tal inclusion community       digital inclusion community
Change (“TOC”) established last year, we have started to                      initiatives            initiatives and generated
systematically measure the impact of our CSI efforts starting                                           first batch of results
from FY24. This strategic approach will allow us to identify
key areas that are ripe for enhancement, and improves our
capacity to better uplift and support our communities.
                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024    77
ESG | Technology for Good

                          HKBN CSI THEORY OF CHANGE

                                                          Core Purpose

                               Make our Home a Better Place to Live


                                                                   Goal

                       Improve digital inclusion for our communities


                                                                  Impact

         Access                                             Skills                                       Use
 Reduce the obstacles that          Improve marginalised           Improve SPOs’ efficiency     Help marginalised groups
 prevent marginalised               groups’ quality of life and    and work quality by          and SPOs use technology
 groups and SPOs from               capability by helping          helping them apply ICT       in safer and healthier
 accessing technology               them apply ICT skills          skills                       ways



                                                        Outcomes

         Access                                             Skills                                       Use
 •   Marginalised groups            Marginalised groups see        SPOs improve their IT        •   Marginalised groups
     gain improved access           improvements in social         project management               develop a better
     to the Internet and            connectivity, leading to       skills, leading to more          understanding of how
     ICT devices                    greater economic and           efficient service delivery       to use technology
                                    education possibilities                                         with cyber wellness
 •   SPOs enhance their                                                                             and safety in mind
     access to the Internet,
     and address the                                                                            •   SPOs improve their
     shortage of IT                                                                                 cybersecurity
     expertise                                                                                      governance, best
                                                                                                    practices and
                                                                                                    knowledge




78   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                  ESG | Technology for Good

Quantifying Impact of Digital Inclusion Initiatives
Building upon our Theory of Change framework, we have identified our priorities for FY24. These include promoting the
safe and healthy use of technology among marginalised communities, fortifying cybersecurity for social profit
organisations (SPOs), and enhancing accessibility to ICT devices for underserved groups. In tandem with ongoing
programmes aimed at achieving the aforementioned outcomes, we have introduced fresh initiatives and activities to
amplify our societal impact. Concurrently, we have integrated impact assessment tools into specific initiatives to better
monitor and evaluate their impacts.

In collaboration with an independent consultant, we have deployed customised quantitative data collection tools tailored
to our impact initiatives, enabling us to gather comprehensive data for robust monitoring. In FY24, we conducted five
impact assessment exercises to evaluate our tailored solutions. Alongside quantitative data, we engaged participants in
informal settings to collect qualitative insights, enriching our understanding of the potential impacts of our social
initiatives and identify areas for improvement.

In FY24, HKBN CSI organised various initiatives in a range of formats targeting SPOs and marginalised groups in the
community in light of increasing social awareness about cyber security. Overall, over 80% of participants agreed that
HKBN CSI's initiatives increased their awareness of information safety among over 900 beneficiaries. Notably, over 80%
of teenagers shared that they are more confident in identifying cyber security risks than before.

Our effort to strengthen SPOs' preparedness to identify and mitigate

                                                                                               100%
cyber risks through HKBN SPO IT Club has proven productive. Our
Phishing E-mail Drills have resulted in 100% of SPOs agreeing that                                              of SPOs
their staff's cybersecurity education has improved. In addition to                             agreed that their staff’s
immediately raising awareness of cybersecurity among SPOs, the                                 cybersecurity education
findings serve as a valuable guide for HKBN to understand the                                  has improved after the
potential gap in cyber awareness among SPOs.                                                   phishing e-mail drills




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   79
ESG | Technology for Good

Elevating SPO Cybersecurity Awareness
As part of our ongoing efforts to narrow the digital gap, we are making technology and expert knowledge more
accessible to SPOs through our complimentary HKBN SPO IT Club. Open to all SPOs in Hong Kong, our Club organises
a diverse array of year-round activities aimed at bolstering digital access, skills, and safety practices across the SPO
sector.

Key achievements of FY24 include:

Phishing Email Drills
In February 2024, we joined forces with Green Radar, a cybersecurity and innovation firm, to conduct complimentary
phishing email drills for around 10,000 personnel of ten SPOs in Hong Kong. Our primary aim was to enhance the
readiness of SPOs by arming them with the skills to detect and counter risks posed by malicious actors. The outcomes of
these drills unveiled a significant vulnerability among employees across all ten SPOs.

Alarmingly, about 10.7% of the 10,000 personnel failed to recognise phishing emails, nearly doubling the global average
failure rate of 5.5%* for non-profit organisations. Furthermore, 43.6% of those employees succumbed to spam links,
jeopardising sensitive personal information. These statistics underscore the critical need for heightened awareness within
the Hong Kong SPO sector. These insights will play a pivotal role in enhancing the effectiveness of our forthcoming
engagement and empowerment initiatives — particularly through our HKBN SPO IT Club.




                          This year, we enhanced cyber awareness for SPOs who serve our communities. (Pictured from left)
                          Wilson Tang, our Co-Owner and Chief Information Security Officer; Dr. Wan Lap Man, Executive
                          Director of Hong Kong Playground Association; and Li Tin Lun, Administrative Head of Hong Kong
                          Christian Service.


The impact of our phishing email drills across 10 SPOs has been significant in highlighting the gap in cyber awareness. It
will serve as a point of reference for future initiatives, allowing for comparison and impact assessments based on relevant
outcomes. All participating SPOs felt more confident in identifying network risks after receiving support from HKBN.
More than 80% of participating SPOs subsequently improved their staff training on network security.




*    https://www.knowbe4.com/phishing-benchmarking-analysis-center




80    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                   ESG | Technology for Good

Pro-bono ICT Workshops
During FY24, our SPO IT Club arranged a range of pro-bono workshops for
SPOs, covering topics such as anti-phishing, network connectivity, AI and
workflow digitalisation. Additionally, we provided free IT consultations and
exclusive discounts on HKBN’s ICT solutions to cater to the individual needs of
SPOs and enhance their resilience. 29 SPOs benefited from our initiatives in
FY24.

All participating SPO management agreed that our workshops improved their
knowledge and awareness regarding organisational digital transformation. Encouragingly, these workshops have increased
our participants’ confidence and reduced their vulnerability to online threats.




       “Cybersecurity is critically important, but most SPOs are often constrained by budgets as they
       prioritise resources on operations and community care. We are grateful to HKBN for stepping
       up its support through this programme, which will go a long way to enhancing cybersecurity
       awareness and know-how in the social sector. Furthermore, we would also like to call on the
       industry to allocate more resources to safeguarding the personal data and interests of different
       stakeholders.”

       Li Tin Lun
       Administrative Head of Hong Kong Christian Service




Partnering with HKBN Talent CSI Fund on Promoting Safe and Healthy Use of Technology
Taking our responsibilities seriously, we strive to provide accessible and reliable services while promoting digital
inclusion. In line with this objective, we continue to leverage our resources and expertise to support marginalised
communities such as the elderly, youths, individuals with disabilities, and low-income households.

In FY24, HKBN continued to partner with our independently operated HKBN Talent CSI Fund (“Fund”) to push for the
safer use of technology. As part of this collaboration, we oversaw two flagship initiatives aimed at enhancing cyber skills
among primary school students. As at the end of FY24, over 900 students, teachers, and parents participated and
benefited from these programmes. Moreover, these initiatives have not only enriched educational experiences but have
also led to employment opportunities for individuals from diverse backgrounds.




       Cyber Wellness in the Dark

       Since 2022, through a collaboration with the Dialogue In the Dark (HK) Foundation, we have been offering
       primary school students the “Cyber Wellness in the Dark” tour. This unique educational experience takes place
       in total darkness and focuses on enhancing the students’ cyber skills. By imparting lessons and tips on
       password security, safeguarding personal information, and cultivating cyber empathy, we’re equipping young
       minds with essential knowledge to safely navigate the online world.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   81
ESG | Technology for Good



       Dr. X’s Mysterious Paint: The Internet Hunt

       In 2024, our collaboration with Dyelicious introduced primary school students to the captivating “Dr. X’s
       Mysterious Paint: The Internet Hunt” event. This interactive blend of detective games and dyeing workshops
       went beyond mere entertainment — it served as a creative platform to educate children about crucial cyber
       safety practices like protecting privacy, spotting fake news online, and more — to instil healthy online habits in
       young minds!




These two signature activities spanned the summer of 2024, and they significantly impacted young people in improving
their awareness of cybersecurity. HKBN CSI implemented a variety of measurement tools, including post-activity quizzes
and user evaluation questionnaires, to capture the impact made on the participating teenagers. 85% of participating
teenagers achieved 85% or above in the quiz on cybersecurity indicating a strong increase in their level of awareness.




       “Students got to understand the importance
       of cybersecurity while creating unique
       handkerchiefs. Both teachers and students
       have experienced a sense of joy in learning
       via the dyeing experience.”

       Miss Wong
       Teacher of ELCHK Hung Hom Lutheran Primary
       School, a participating school of “Dr. X’s Mysterious
       Paint: The Internet Hunt”.




82   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                             ESG | Technology for Good

Narrowing Digital Divide with Technology
Access
Since FY23, we expanded technology
access in the remote regions of
G ua ng don g, Chi na by d on atin g a
cumulative total of 293 units of used
computer equipment to support local
primary and secondary school students.
Our initiative aims to provide these
students with improved access to
essential tools necessary for their
education.




                                                         Our impactful work is supporting both the environment and the next generation in
                                                         mainland China.




                                                                  Sharing Tech Skills
                                                                  Since FY20, our TEENgineer (teenager + engineer) programme
                                                                  in Guangzhou has been doing enlightening work, arming over
                                                                  120 kids with crucial IT skills alongside our IT VOOLunteers. Not
                                                                  only are we boosting their tech know-how, but we’re also
                                                                  sparking their creativity and diving deep into computer science.




                                                                                             In FY24,   53       Talents volunteered for


                                                                                             a total of 725            hours

    Spreading our knowledge and inspiration with the young
    minds of Guangzhou.




                                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024        83
TRANSFORMING
BUSINESS
                                                                 ESG | Transforming Business

At HKBN, we believe that true progress is marked by our continuous transcendence
towards becoming a better company — not just in a handful of areas, but across
every facet of our business. From our environmental impact, data privacy or the way
we solve customer complaints, to cybersecurity, customer experiences, and how we
deliver fast and reliable services, improving our business and operations ensures that
our impacts go further.

Climate Action
                                                        FY25 Goal                              FY24 Progress
Taking action on climate change isn’t just
the moral thing to do — it’s a must for our
operations. That’s why we’re all in on
building a greener, low-carbon future with
Talents, customers, partners, and the
wider communities.
                                                  Set science-based emissions           Near-term science-based emissions
                                                        reduction targets             reduction targets have been approved
                                                                                                     by SBTi




Our Approach to Environmental Management


                                  Framework to reducing our environmental impact


                                           Global Standards
     Guiding Principles                                                         HKBN Policy & Management System
                                         SBTi, TCFD, ISO 14001


         Focus Area                   Climate Action             Energy Management             Resources Management


                                                         Operational
         Approach                  Governance                                    Partnership        Awareness Building
                                                         Excellence


As a Group, we maintain a thorough examination of our environmental impact and operate with an Environmental
Management System (“EMS”) that aligns with the ISO14001 standard. Operating procedures and guidelines within the
EMS are clearly defined in our Talent handbook to address internal environmental management issues. To ensure
operational efficiency and identify areas for enhancement, we conduct both internal and external environmental audits
on an annual basis.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024     85
ESG | Transforming Business

As our business continues to grow, we understand the importance of expanding our environmental efforts. For this
reason, we have broadened the reach of our EMS to cover all facets of the Group’s operations. This expansion includes
not only our shops, central office, and data centre operations, but it also extends to the impacts that result from offering
customers comprehensive solutions for their communication and network systems.

Our commitment to decarbonisation has taken a significant leap forward with
intensified efforts to slash our science-based greenhouse gas emissions targets,
aligning with the ambitious goals of the Paris Agreement. In FY24, our near-
term science-based emission reduction targets received approval from the
Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi). To this end, we are committed to
achieving a 50.65% reduction in absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by
FY2030 from a FY2022 baseline. Additionally, we pledge to reduce absolute
scope 3 GHG emissions stemming from purchased goods and services, as well
as the use of sold products, by 25.00% within the same timeframe.

Meanwhile, we have not only met but exceeded our initial two-year goal of reducing electricity consumption by 14%,
achieving an impressive 19.6% reduction in FY24 compared to FY22. This progress was methodically monitored through
monthly reports submitted to our senior management.

During the reporting period, our operations remained fully compliant with environmental laws and regulations, with no
substantiated cases of non-compliance recorded.




              Our Environmental Targets and Progress

                                       Target:                                     Progress:

                                          14%                                          19.6%
                                       electricity consumption by
                                       FY24 (vs FY22)




86   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                ESG | Transforming Business

Preparing for a Climate-resilient Future
In our ongoing efforts to be transparent about our actions on climate change, we have proactively implemented the
recommendations outlined by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). This year, we have
taken a significant stride by conducting a thorough climate scenario analysis. This analysis delves into the potential
impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities. The insights derived from this analysis will allow us to refine our
climate strategies and associated initiatives, positioning us to mitigate any potential adverse impacts on our operations
and foster positive outcomes.

Our disclosures related to climate matters can be found in the following sections: Climate Governance, Strategy, Climate
Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets. Through these disclosures, we aim to offer stakeholders a comprehensive
view of our commitment to climate action and adhering to responsible and sustainable business practices.

Climate Governance
Our commitment to ESG initiatives, particularly in tackling climate change, shines through our robust three-tier ESG
governance framework. The following overview highlights how our ESG governance structure addresses climate-related
risks and opportunities:




                      •    Oversee the Company’s climate-related strategy and goals
    The Board         •    Has ultimate responsibility for overseeing climate-related risks and opportunities
                           impacting the Group




         •      Comprised of two independent non-executive directors and one executive director
         •      Review and monitor the Group’s ESG strategies, policies and practices in ESG,
                                                                                                           ESG
                including climate change
                                                                                                         Committee
         •      Review climate-related risks and opportunities, risk management and internal
                control systems




      ESG             •    Comprised of representatives from functional departments that have responsibilities for
   Task Force              discrete businesses, operations, and corporate functions
                      •    Assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities within their purview




For more information about our ESG governance, please refer to the section headed “Our Approach to ESG Governance
& Management”.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   87
ESG | Transforming Business

Strategy
In the past year, we identified and prioritised climate-related risks and opportunities by evaluating the climate impacts
outlined in the TCFD recommendations, comparing our standing with industry peers, and engaging our internal
stakeholders. This method ensured that our risk assessment process aligned with best practices in the industry and
empowered us to focus on potential risks and opportunities, taking into account factors like impact intensity and
likelihood of occurrence.

To remain abreast of evolving climate policies and industry dynamics, HKBN regularly reviews our climate risks and
opportunities. After examining recent industry trends, we pinpointed the development of new products and services as a
key climate-related opportunity for us. We acknowledge the ICT sector’s pivotal role in aiding companies across many
industries to achieve decarbonisation through the development and offering of more sustainable-minded services and
offerings.

In line with our ongoing commitment, HKBN will persist in evaluating climate-related factors that could impact our
operations, which would enable us to gauge our preparedness and proactively address future climate-related impacts.

List of Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Considered
(Prioritised risks and opportunities are bolded below)

                  Physical                                                     Transition

  Acute                                         Policy & Legal
  •    Flooding/water damage                    •     Changing climate regulations and policies
  •    Typhoon/extreme wind                     Technology
  •    Heatwave/extreme heat                    •     Transition to lower emissions technology
  •    Landslide                                Market
                                                •     Changing customer behaviour
  Chronic                                       •     Access to new markets
  •   Rising mean temperatures                  Reputation
  •   Rising sea levels                         •     Increased stakeholder concerns or negative stakeholder feedback
                                                Opportunity
                                                •     Use of new technologies/lower-emission sources of energy
                                                •     Development of new products and services
                                                •     Move to more efficient buildings




88   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                      ESG | Transforming Business

When evaluating climate-related risks and opportunities, we have established distinct time horizons to guide our
approach. Our short-term horizon, reflecting our business cycle, focuses on events that could pose risks over the next
three years. Looking ahead, our medium-term horizon aligns with our financial stability goals, projecting outcomes over a
five-year period. Lastly, our long-term horizon corresponds to the investment timeframes for critical assets like our
networks, assessing capital expenditure across the assets’ lifespans, which typically span from 5 to 25 years.


  Time Horizons                        Definition


  Short-term                           Within 3 years


  Medium-term                          3-5 years


  Long-term                            Beyond 5 years


The table below provides a concise overview of the key climate-related risks and opportunities we have identified across
short, medium, and long-term timeframes, along with our strategies for managing and mitigating them:

Prioritised Climate-related Risks and Opportunities


 Category           Time Horizon      Implication to HKBN              Our Mitigation Strategy

 Physical Risks
 Typhoon/extreme    Short-term        More frequent and intense        •     Disaster Recovery Plan is in place, including a split office
 wind                                 typhoons accompanied by                arrangement for core function teams, enabling Talents
                                      strong winds, heavy rainfall,          to work from alternative locations. Cross-border teams
                                      and storm surges can cause             are also arranged to provide mutual support if needed.
                                      extensive damage to
                                      infrastructure and buildings.    •     Measures are being undertaken to enhance continuity of
                                      This will lead to increased            our Network Operations Centre by automating
                                      insurance costs and disrupt            operations, reducing the need for on-site Talents during
                                      operations and supply chain.           adverse weather conditions.

                                                                       •     We are exploring the need to conduct risk assessments
                                                                             to identify suppliers in flood-prone areas, enabling the
                                                                             implementation of proactive measures. Furthermore, the
                                                                             development of contingency planning, which includes
                                                                             effective communication platforms and alternative
                                                                             supplier options, is being considered to mitigate
                                                                             potential adverse weather challenges.




                                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024          89
ESG | Transforming Business

 Category            Time Horizon   Implication to HKBN               Our Mitigation Strategy

 Flooding/water      Short-term     Heavy precipitation poses the     •     Routine preventive maintenance is conducted on our
 damage                             risk of flooding and water              drainage systems within office premises and data
                                    damage, which has the                   centres, ensuring they are functioning properly to
                                    potential to damage low-lying           minimise potential issues.
                                    buildings and infrastructure,
                                    leading to significant            •     Various measures are in place for efficient fault reporting
                                    disruptions in network                  and emergency response.
                                    continuity, office, retail, and
                                    warehouse operations.             •     We are exploring the need for network deployments/
                                                                            developments that adopt routes with lower vulnerability
                                                                            to flooding, including seeking waterproof manholes and
                                                                            conducting a review of all hubs and Telecommunications
                                                                            and Broadcasting Equipment (“TBE”) rooms to identify
                                                                            potential flooding risks for possible relocation.

                                                                      •     Dual sourcing is implemented in procurement to reduce
                                                                            reliance on a single supplier in flood-prone areas,
                                                                            ensuring continuity of supply.

 Heatwave/extreme    Short-term     Heatwaves drive up the            •     Upgrades have been made to the chiller and air
 heat                               demand for cooling and air              conditioning systems at our data centres using IoT API
                                    conditioning, resulting in a            for better real-time control of zone temperatures.
                                    substantial rise in energy
                                    consumption and costs. Higher     •     Promote sustainability and employee well-being through
                                    temperatures can also                   e-learning and implementing flexible work arrangements
                                    negatively affect the                   during extreme heat waves, such as work-from-home
                                    performance of assets,                  options and flexible hours.
                                    potentially causing power
                                    outages and equipment             •     A comprehensive heat stress management plan is being
                                    malfunction.                            developed which includes implementing work/rest
                                                                            schedules and providing personal protective equipment
                                    Prolonged exposure to                   designed to minimise heat stress.
                                    extreme heat poses health and
                                    safety risks, leading to heat-
                                    related stress among Talents,
                                    increased absenteeism, and
                                    reduced productivity.




90   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                       ESG | Transforming Business

Category              Time Horizon   Implication to HKBN                Our Mitigation Strategy

Rising mean           Long-term      Higher ambient temperatures        •     Equipment with higher temperature tolerance and
temperature                          will result in increased demand          ambient heat cooling technology is being introduced to
                                     for air conditioning and                 enhance heat management.
                                     cooling systems raising energy
                                     costs.                             •     Focus on energy efficiency by exploring energy-efficient
                                                                              cooling systems and implementing smart monitors to
                                                                              control cooling demand, reducing energy costs.

                                                                        •     User racks have been consolidated at our data centres
                                                                              with improved efficiency; our equipment migration from
                                                                              Metro Ethernet (ME) to Gigabit Passive Optical Network
                                                                              (GPON) reduces heat dissipation in hub and switching
                                                                              rooms.

                                                                        •     An assessment of office design is being conducted to
                                                                              explore implementation of measures such as the use of
                                                                              shading devices, improved insulation and ventilation,
                                                                              high-reflectivity roofing materials. Our strategy is to
                                                                              gradually phase out less efficient equipment and
                                                                              materials, ensuring a systematic and sustainable
                                                                              approach to energy efficiency.

Transition Risks
Changing climate      Medium-term    Governments are introducing        •     We are committed to reducing our energy consumption
regulations and                      different policies and                   and have achieved our target of reducing 14% of energy
policies                             regulations to drive the                 consumption from FY22 levels by FY24.
                                     transition to a low carbon
                                     economy, which may lead to         •     In FY24, our near-term science-based emission reduction
                                     extra compliance costs for               targets have been validated by the SBTi. This
                                     companies.                               demonstrates our commitment to further mitigate our
                                                                              GHG emissions in the long-run.

Transition to lower   Medium-term    Transitioning to lower             •     The implementation of Energy Performance Contracting
emissions                            emissions technology can                 in Hong Kong enables the adoption of energy efficiency
technology                           require significant investment           initiatives, reducing carbon emissions without upfront
                                     in research and development,             costs.
                                     which may not pay off in the
                                     short term.                        •     Sustainability is key factor in our assessment of product
                                                                              specifications, ensuring environmentally friendly choices.

                                                                        •     Regular reviews of idle equipment and capacity
                                                                              optimisation are in place, while legacy equipment in our
                                                                              networks are being phased out and replaced with more
                                                                              efficient alternatives.




                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024        91
ESG | Transforming Business

 Category            Time Horizon   Implication to HKBN                Our Mitigation Strategy

 Changing customer   Long-term      Changing customer behaviour        •     Develop and source a wide range of low-carbon
 behaviour                          can lead to reduced demand               solutions to meet the increasing demand for carbon
                                    for the company’s products or            reduction from both enterprise and residential
                                    services, particularly if                customers. These solutions include low-carbon hardware
                                    customers switch to                      equipment, Software-as-a-Service, cloud-based and
                                    competitors (e.g., offering low-         managed IoT solutions for enterprises, as well as
                                    carbon products and services             all-in-one hardware equipment, a cloud-based platform
                                    that meet the changing                   for remote service support, IoT gadgets to optimise
                                    preferences of customers) or             household energy consumption, and device take-back
                                    reduce their purchases due to            programmes for residential customers.
                                    changing preference.
                                                                       •     Product, Marketing, and Sales teams collaborate to
                                                                             understand customer requirements, while considering
                                                                             customer segmentation based on ESG-sensitive user
                                                                             groups as a strategy for deploying solutions to the
                                                                             market.

 Opportunities
 Use of new          Medium-term    In addition to cost savings, the   •     Identify energy consumption hotspots and collaborate
 technologies/                      use of new technologies/                 with vendors to explore the implementation of new
 lower-emission                     lower-emission sources of                technologies and lower-emission energy sources, while
 sources of energy                  energy can enhance                       relevant business units actively engage their industry
                                    sustainability performance as it         networks to explore energy-efficient initiatives.
                                    demonstrates a commitment
                                    to reducing GHG emissions
                                    and mitigating climate change.

 Development of      Medium-term    Offering low emission goods        •     Introduce solutions and new product lines aimed at
 new products or                    and services can help                    enabling customers to better manage climate-related
 services                           customers reach their climate            impacts, such as deploying infrastructure solutions with
                                    targets, potentially leading to          sustainable vendor partners, implementing virtualization
                                    increased revenues and                   to reduce energy consumption, and promoting cloud
                                    market share for early adopters          initiatives to transition on-premises infrastructure to
                                    and keeping businesses                   more energy-efficient could infrastructure.
                                    competitive in the market.




92   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                              ESG | Transforming Business

Climate scenario analysis
This year, we conducted a comprehensive climate scenario analysis to pinpoint the physical and transitional risks and
opportunities stemming from climate change, bringing to light their potential financial implications. The analysis
encompassed both low-temperature and high-temperature scenarios, assessing risks and opportunities against plausible
future states under various time horizons until 2050.

In alignment with the TCFD recommendations, we utilised scenarios developed by reputable institutions like the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) and the Network for Greening the Financial System (“NGFS”). Our
selection included a high-emission/business-as-usual pathway (4°C scenario) and a stringent/aggressive mitigation
pathway (below 2°C scenario), serving as endpoints to gauge our Company’s resilience to potential climate-related
impacts across varying future scenarios.

Overview of climate scenarios


                                      Business-as-usual                            Aggressive mitigation
                                       (4°C scenario)                              (below 2°C scenario)


 Physical impact         IPCC RCP 8.5: This is the high-emissions        IPCC RCP 2.6: Global CO2 emissions are
                         scenario, consistent with a future with no      cut severely, but not as fast, reaching net-
                         policy changes to reduce emissions, and         zero after 2050. Societies switch to more
                         characterised by increasing GHG emissions       sustainable practices, with focus shifting
                         that lead to high atmospheric GHG               from economic growth to overall well-being.
                         concentrations.                                 Extreme weather is more common, but the
                                                                         world has dodged the worst impacts of
                                                                         climate change.

 Transition impact       NGFS Hot House World — Current                  NGFS Disorderly — Delayed Transition:
                         Policies: Only currently implemented            Annual emissions do not decrease until 2030.
                         policies are preserved, leading to high         Strong policies are needed to limit warming
                         physical risks. Existing climate policies       to below 2°C. Countries stick to current
                         remain in place but there is no strengthening   policies until 2030 and experience a “fossil
                         of ambition level of these policies.            recovery”, after which they transition such
                                                                         that the end-of-century temperature goal of
                                                                         2°C warming is reached. This change of
                                                                         regime in 2030 is unanticipated and
                                                                         therefore disruptive. Countries with net-zero
                                                                         policy target commitments are assumed to
                                                                         follow-through on 80% of them. Negative
                                                                         emissions are limited.




                                                                                      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   93
ESG | Transforming Business

In our evaluation of physical risks, we simulated climate impacts on assets using two contrasting Representative
Concentration Pathway (“RCP”) scenarios sourced from the IPCC. Employing a sophisticated physical risk assessment
tool, we factored in various risk exposure metrics, such as the maximum potential cost of asset damage (as a proportion
of total replacement costs) and revenue losses attributed to business interruptions caused by climate-related events. This
analysis enabled us to gauge the probability of damage, projected financial implications, and revenue disruptions for our
critical assets in Hong Kong — such as central offices, data centres, and IT servers — due to climate hazards like flooding,
typhoons, and extreme heat up to 2050.

Concurrently, in our examination of transition risks and opportunities, we identified pivotal drivers with significant
potential impacts on our business operations. These drivers, stemming from prioritised transition risks and opportunities,
encompass the introduction of carbon pricing mechanisms in response to evolving climate regulations, rising electricity
costs driven by technological advancements and the shift to cleaner energy sources, the likelihood of losing key clients if
our transition strategies fall short, and the possible savings from adopting energy efficiency measures. In light of these
factors, we selected crucial parameters — such as carbon pricing and electricity expenses — to model their financial
ramifications. To quantify these effects, we employed NGFS scenarios, leveraging an integrated assessment model to
forecast regional carbon prices and electricity costs. This methodology allowed us to assess the additional expenses
resulting from higher carbon and electricity prices and the impact on revenue from key customers’ changing behaviour,
alongside the potential advantages of effectively implementing energy efficiency initiatives.

Scenario analysis insights
The development of new products or services has been identified as a material climate-related opportunity, holding the
potential to positively impact the Group’s revenue as demand for low-emission products and services grows. However,
the market’s uncertainty and complexity at present mean that there is a lack of reliable data to quantify the financial
impacts of these changes, and as such, this opportunity has not been included in the scenario analysis. Nonetheless, the
Group remains committed to continual review and assessment of this opportunity and will incorporate relevant impact
evaluations as more data becomes available.

As a result of our comprehensive scenario analysis, we identified seven climate-related risks and one climate-related
opportunity deemed to carry potential financial repercussions for our business. For each of these risks, we have identified
the specific climate-related events that could lead to financial implications affecting our Group’s revenue, cost of sales,
and operational expenses. On the following page, we summarised the outcomes of the climate scenario analysis for each
of the identified climate-related risks across both low-temperature and high-temperature scenarios.




94   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                              ESG | Transforming Business

                                                                        Potential impact across time horizon

 Risk/Opportunity Driver                               Scenario         2025           2030            2050

 Physical risk     Flooding/water damage               4°C               Low            Low             Low

                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low

                   Typhoon/extreme wind                4°C               Low            Low             Low

                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low

                   Heatwave/extreme heat               4°C               Low            Low             Low

                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low

 Transition risk   Carbon taxes applied to the         4°C               Low            Low             Low
                   company
                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low

                   Carbon costs passed through         4°C               Low            Low             Low
                   from suppliers
                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             High

                   Higher electricity tariffs amidst   4°C               Low            Low             Low
                   energy transition
                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low

                   Key customers lost from             4°C               Low            Low             Low
                   changing market behaviour
                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             High

 Transition        Energy cost saving from use of      4°C               Low            Low             Low
 opportunity       lower-emission technologies
                                                       Well below 2°C    Low            Low             Low


INCREASING                                                                                      INCREASING
OPPORTUNITY                                                                                     RISK




                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   95
ESG | Transforming Business

The results of the scenario analysis indicated that the potential financial losses from physical climate impacts on our
assets are expected to be minimal, primarily due to the strategic location of our assets outside flood-prone areas. While
the potential impact is low, the analysis highlighted a growing risk of operational disruptions arising from equipment
malfunctions caused by extreme heat events. In response to these risks, we are proactively developing a resilience-
enhancing strategy. This approach involves considering structures equipped with advanced heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning systems to bolster our resilience against extreme heat while enhancing energy efficiency. Additionally, we
are exploring the migration of more computer systems to cloud-based solutions. This shift will not only reduce our
dependence on physical assets, but also facilitates resource distribution across multiple locations, thereby bolstering our
overall operational resilience.

Moreover, the scenario analysis revealed that the most substantial financial impacts are associated with transition risks,
which are becoming increasingly prominent in the long term due to the immediate push towards transitioning to net
zero. These risks encompass potential carbon-related expenses passed down from suppliers and the risk of losing key
clients if the transition process is not effectively managed. To mitigate these risks, we have devised a dual-track strategy.
In the short term, we intend to identify and engage with high-emissions suppliers while concurrently strategising for
alternative sourcing options. In the long term, we intend to gradually phase out high-emissions suppliers. Additionally,
we are rolling out a decarbonisation roadmap aimed at realising our science-based targets. Beyond managing our
carbon footprint, we are developing new solutions and products lines to support our clients in reaching their climate
targets, aligning with the growing demand for sustainability. Our objective is to meet our carbon objectives while
safeguarding our competitive position and cultivating deeper customer loyalty in an increasingly sustainability-oriented
market landscape.

Climate Risk Management
Recognising the environmental impact of our operations and the looming risks posed by climate change, we have
implemented a robust risk management framework tailored to evaluate, mitigate, and vigilantly monitor climate-related
risks. This framework empowers us to respond proactively, ensuring our ability to stay resilient in the face of evolving
environmental challenges. Through the implementation of comprehensive internal controls dedicated to risk
management, we aim to seamlessly embed climate risk considerations across all levels of our Group.

During the principal risk assessment process, we thoroughly examined and assessed the consequences of climate
change. Given the universal risk that climate change poses to businesses across sectors, including our own, we have
identified climate-related risks as a one of the principal risks impacting our Group. For a detailed overview of the key
risks associated with our Group’s businesses and the industries we operate in, please refer to the “Corporate Governance
Report” section on pages 116 to 138 of this Report.




96   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                ESG | Transforming Business

Our Climate Risk Management Process



     Identify and                                      Mitigate                                           Report
        assess                                        the climate                                         climate
     climate risks                                       risks                                           progress




      Identify and              Evaluate                Develop                Review and
     assess current            the risks to          appropriate risk          monitor the           Report progress
       and future              determine               mitigation            implementation           to the Board
      climate risks         whether further            measures                progress of
                           mitigation actions                                  mitigation
                             are required                                       measures


                                                                                Review
                               Evaluate                                     implementation
                             climate risks                                    of climate
                                                                                action




HKBN has in place a robust climate risk management process, which is founded on our well-established risk management
framework. Through comprehensive assessments, we evaluate both physical and transitional climate-related risks and
opportunities, and seamlessly integrate these insights into our strategic decision-making processes.

Risk assessments are conducted by our ESG Taskforce in conjunction with representatives from various departments,
encompassing enterprise and residential solutions, network operations, administration, Talent engagement,
procurement, and the ESG team. By weighing the potential impacts on our operations and assessing the likelihood of
occurrence, we have identified and prioritised a set of climate-related risks and opportunities that have the potential to
influence our business trajectory. For a detailed look at the identified key risks and opportunities, please refer to the
preceding section.

This year — for the first time — we conducted a scenario analysis aimed at understanding the potential impacts of
identified risks on our business and assets over various timeframes. The results derived from this analysis will not only
enhance our comprehension of these risks but also pave the way for the formulation of climate risk management
strategies. To view the results of this analysis, please refer to the previous section.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024   97
ESG | Transforming Business

Following the establishment of these strategies, the pertinent departments will be entrusted with the task of overseeing
and enacting corresponding risk mitigation measures, thereby embedding the climate risk response into all facets of our
operations. Progress towards the realisation of these objectives will be monitored and periodically reported to the
Board, underscoring the transparency and accountability in our approach to climate risk management.

Metrics & Targets
We are fully embracing our responsibility to address climate change and are actively integrating decarbonisation
strategies into our business operations to mitigate our environmental impacts. This commitment is reflected in the
progress made each year towards our decarbonisation objectives.




                                            50,000

                                                                                   19.24% reduction          50.65% reduction
                                                                                   (vs FY22)                 (vs FY22)




 Scope 1 and 2 Emissions (in tCO2e)
                                            40,000




                                            30,000




                                            20,000




                                            10,000




                                                 0
                                                              FY22   FY23   FY24                      FY30


As a member of the Business Environment Council’s Climate Change Business Forum Advisory Group, we recognise the
role we play in supporting Hong Kong’s transition towards a low-carbon economy. A key aspect of our strategy is the
curbing of electricity consumption — which is a significant contributor to our operational emissions. Through network
optimisations, the phasing out of less efficient equipment, and chiller and air conditioning systems upgrades at our data
centres, we have successfully achieved our target of reducing electricity consumption by 14% in FY24, when compared to
FY22. These actions culminated in a 19.6% decrease in electricity consumption, contributing to an overall 19.24%
reduction in our operational emissions.

To ensure continued progress, we will rigorously track and monitor this progress through regular monthly reports
submitted to our senior management. For more about the latest measures and practices we’ve adopted to reduce our
electricity footprint, please refer to the “Improving Energy Efficiency” section in the subsequent section.




98                                    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                       ESG | Transforming Business

In addition to our direct operations, we recognise the substantial
contribution of scope 3 emissions on our overall greenhouse gas                                Scope 1 (0.73%)
footprint. Following a comprehensive assessment of our entire                                                                              Scope 2 (7.60%)
greenhouse gas emissions inventory, it was revealed that scope 3
emissions are indeed significant, constituting over 90% of our
                                                                                                                         475,304.58
FY24 total greenhouse gas emissions.                                                                                       tCO2e



                                                                                                                                          Scope 3 (91.66%)




Specifically, near 90% of our scope 3 emissions stem from purchased goods and services (Category 1) and the use of sold
products (Category 11). An uptick in emissions from these categories has been observed, corresponding with our
expansion of portfolio offerings for both residential and enterprise customers. Despite this challenge, our primary focus
will be to curb emissions within these categories as outlined in our science-based target. While addressing these indirect
emissions presents its challenges, we are actively collaborating with our suppliers to improve data collection and analysis.

                                   500,000




    Scope 3 Emissions (in tCO2e)
                                   400,000                                       9%                           10%


                                                    12%
                                                                                 26%
                                                                                                              28%
                                   300,000                                                                                       Other Categories*
                                                                                                                                 Category 11: Use of
                                                    33%                                                                          Sold Products
                                                                                                                                 Category 1: Purchased
                                                                                                                                 Goods and services
                                   200,000


                                                                                 65%                          62%

                                   100,000          55%




                                        0
                                             FY22                         FY23                         FY24




*         Other categories include other indirect GHG emissions that occur in the value chain of HKBN. These include the emissions from transportation and
          distribution (Category 4 and 9), waste generated in operations (Category 5), business travel (Category 6), employee commuting (Category 7), leased
          assets (Category 8 and 13), end-of-life treatment of sold products (Category 12) and investments (Category 15). Relevant emission factors were sourced
          from the environmentally-extended input output (EEIO) database EXIOBASE 3 for spend-based category data, UK Government GHG Conversion
          Factors for Company Reporting for waste treatment activities, China Products Carbon Footprint Factors Database for employee commuting emissions,
          energy utilisation index of the building for leased assets emissions, and product-specific carbon footprint data for product-specific emission.



                                                                                                                      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024          99
ESG | Transforming Business

Improving Energy Efficiency
To enhance our energy efficiency, we conduct an annual internal energy audit to identify areas for electricity savings. This
helps us rectify inefficiencies and minimise energy use, ultimately reducing our energy-related GHG emissions.

A Greener Network
Across our network operations, HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) systems constitute a considerable chunk
of our energy usage. To tackle this, we have taken steps to consolidate our data centre user racks and shutting off non-
essential gear like computer room air conditioning (“CRAC”) and uninterruptible power supply (“UPS”) units, minimising
electricity consumption.

    Smarter Office

When we relocated our office to Kwun Tong, we faced a major challenge: moving a sprawling 100,000 sq.ft office with
over 1,000 Talents. Turning this challenge into an opportunity, we completed our move by re-thinking the office dynamic
with eco-conscious practices in mind.

•      Choosing the Perfect Office: We teamed up with energy experts to evaluate the energy performance (e.g. air
       conditioning and lighting systems) of different candidate buildings. After the hunt, we settled on The Quayside for
       ticking all the boxes for energy efficiency, as well as boasting BEAM Plus and LEED Platinum/WELL Gold
       certification.

•      Integrated Smart IoT Solutions: In our new office, we embraced smart IoT to run our cooling and lighting systems,
       sidestepping any unnecessary electricity drain. Importantly, all lighting in the office is equipped with a timer and
       sensor control system, automatically switching off outside of office hours, and activating for 15 minutes upon
       sensing human activity.

•      Efficient and Streamlined Office Space: In our pursuit for a clutter-free and efficient workspace, we’ve phased out
       any surplus paper copiers and shredders, replacing desk telephones with a dedicated mobile app for Talents. Plus,
       we’re all about using energy smartly — like switching off 30% of air conditioners in certain office areas during
       winter. In mainland China, we’ve also trimmed down excess office space, keeping things trim and tidy.




100 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 ESG | Transforming Business

Improving Resource Management
Sustainable Waste Management in Office Relocation to The Quayside
In tandem with our office move to The Quayside, we followed a sustainable waste management approach, guided by the
4R principles — reducing, reusing, recycling and responsibly disposing materials to keep waste in check every step of the
way.

    Reduce — Minimising Packing Waste

•      Mission In-Box-able: Encouraging mindful decluttering, we minimised waste by giving each Talent just a single
       box for packing.

•      Smart Packing: We opted for durable, reusable plastic boxes to cut down on single-use alternatives and minimise
       the use of packing materials.

    Reuse — Extending the Life Cycle of Office Essentials

•      Furniture Repurposing: Embracing sustainability, we repurposed and reused our current office furniture in our new
       office, and gave desks, chairs, filing cabinets, and other furnishings a second life.

•      Donation Programme: We implemented a donation programme to repurpose unused office items, and diverted
       over 1,500 kg of materials to community organisations via GOODS-CO, a platform which connects surplus
       resources with those in need.

    Recycle & Responsible Disposal — Encouraging Responsible Habits

•      Organised Sorting: Engaging all departments, we orchestrated a comprehensive sorting process to identify
       redundant items for recycling or disposal, ensured that our resources were managed responsibly and sustainably.

•      Green@HKBN Stations: We implemented designated recycling stations with clear labelling to simplify sorting and
       encourage proper waste management among Talents. We installed dedicated recycling stations to streamline
       waste sorting and foster a culture of responsible waste management among our Talents.




This year, we achieved a waste diversion rate of 41.59%, with a target to reach a 55% diversion rate by FY25. This rate was
impacted by the one-off construction and relocation waste generated by our move to The Quayside. Moving forward, we
will continue to reinforce our waste management practices and minimise our environmental footprint.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 101
ESG | Transforming Business

Recycling Legacy Waste
Guided by our core sustainability values, we are all about maximising resourcefulness when handling everyday waste.

                                                                     • Repurposing Wooden Pallets: Rather than
                                                                     send our warehouse’s used wooden pallets to
                                                                     landfills, we went the extra mile and repurposed a
                                                                     total of 4,320 kg of pallets into cat litter since FY23.
                                                                     This crafty move not only offers a green solution for
                                                                     pet owners but also adds a touch of innovation to
                                                                     our waste reduction efforts.

                                                                     • Battery Recycling Partnership: Since 2019, our
                                                                     partnership with Hong Kong Battery Recycling has
                                                                     enabled the ethical and responsible recycling of
                                                                     our Waste Lead Acid Batteries (“WLAB”). In FY24,
                                                                     we diverted 104,569 kg of WLAB from ending up in
                                                                     landfills.

Talents Taking the Lead
Our Talents are integral in our journey towards a more sustainable future. Since FY23, we’ve had a team of “Green
Champions” — Talents from different departments tasked with evaluating their respective business units’ environmental
impact and figuring out eco-friendly, money-saving fixes. These Green Champions also play a crucial role in ensuring that
their teams stay informed by providing regular updates on HKBN-pertinent environmental management matters.

Elevating Environmental Awareness
Talent participation is absolutely essential and
we work hard to inspire our team via a blend of
green initiatives and activities. From enlightening
educational videos to themed fun days and
enticing promotions, our approach is all about
keeping eco-awareness strong. The success of
our Free-2-Share Programme, for example,
speaks volumes as it has given our Talents a
platform to share unused items like equipment
and office supplies. As of August 2024, we have
shared over 800 items, ensuring each one finds a
new purpose.




102 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                             ESG | Transforming Business

Impactful Customer Experiences

Every customer touchpoint is a chance to paint our brand in a positive light — and we’re all about creating exceptional
experiences. By prioritising the improvement of our digital and online user interfaces, we are empowering our customers
with more control and expediency — whether it’s getting the support they need or conveniently retrieving information.



                FY25 Goal                                                             FY24 Progress




    Futureproof HKBN’s customer services          Residential Solutions: Launched “Smart Broadband Move”, a My HKBN App self-service
    by launching new customer experience                   tool for customers to schedule relocation of their broadband service.
             initiatives every year
                                                   Enterprise Solutions: Deployed e-forms for Sales to handle daily customer contracting
                                                    process, average of 70% of general service contracts are handled via e-form in FY24



Improving Customer Experience and Satisfaction
Throughout the year, our Residential Solutions and Enterprise Solutions teams have been hard at work enhancing the
customer experience journey. By embracing the latest digital innovations, our aim is to streamline each customer’s user
experience and foster best-in-class engagement.

Residential Solutions
As a customer-centric business, we know that prompt and effective support is key when our customers need assistance.
They can reach us through multiple channels like our hotline, online platforms, email, and social media. In FY24, we
achieved a solid 88% combined answer rate across our hotline, online platforms, and email during normal business hours.

Besides fast Internet, speed is crucial in every aspect of our service support, from installation to maintenance. That’s why
we make sure our Customer Premises Engineering (“CPE”) team is always equipped with the resources they need to
complete service installations within three calendar days. In FY24, we exceeded our targets in just 1.1 days on average
after receiving a customer request.

Acknowledging the important role that timeliness of our maintenance services plays, especially in shaping customer
satisfaction, we prioritise speediness in addressing user needs. When it comes to on-site inspections, our Customer
Service team moves quickly to schedule maintenance appointments for affected customers. In FY24, 99% of our
maintenance appointments were arranged within a two calendar day window*.




*    For repair locations situated in non-HKBN block-wiring buildings or where there are circumstances beyond our control, additional time will be
     required.



                                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 103
ESG | Transforming Business

Enterprise Solutions
In a bid to make our service channels more flexible and user-friendly, we’re enhancing the MyAccount portal with
exciting new features like an e-ticket reporting tool and enquiry form. Set to debut in October 2024, these additions will
streamline service requests and tech support queries. In addition, we’re broadening our support options to include
popular instant messaging platforms such as WhatsApp, enabling direct messaging and personalised information
delivery.

Understanding that exceptional customer service is an ongoing journey, we engage in monthly feedback sessions to
pinpoint areas for enhancement and roll out changes that elevate customer satisfaction.

Beyond Hong Kong, our HKBN JOS team has fine-tuned the mobility system for our projects and field engineering
teams. These enhancements have resulted in faster turnaround times, empowering us to deliver prompt and efficient
service to our customers, regardless of geographic location.

Listening to our Customers
On a daily basis, we’ve got our ears wide open for our customers and use their feedback to drive continuous
improvement. The following highlights the many ways we gather constructive feedback for our Residential and Enterprise
businesses.

Residential Solutions

In FY24, we achieved average satisfaction scores of


                        5.82                                  4.64                                         5.73
                        out of 6 for our                      out of 6 for new                             out of 6 for our
                        customer service                      broadband                                    installation and
                        channels                                                                           maintenance services



To continuously enhance the performance           In FY24, we received
of our sales teams, we employ quality

                                                                         5,703
enhancement programmes such as mystery
shopper evaluations and promoter booth
assessments. In FY24, our mystery shopper                                complimentary notes
and promoter booth assessment scores were                                from customers
respectively 76.7 and 88.0 out of 100.

Enterprise Solutions
To gain insights into customer expectations,      In FY24, we achieved an average satisfaction score of
we conduct monthly surveys to gather
feedback on our products and services. In
FY24, we sent an average of 2,000 satisfaction
surveys per month. The feedback we received
                                                                         4.85          out of 6
                                                                         for Enterprise Solutions in Hong Kong
was subsequently disseminated to help
enhance our offerings.




104 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 ESG | Transforming Business

Responding to our Customers
Putting our customer-centric approach into action, we maintain close communication with customers to better
understand their needs as well as identify areas for improvement. This direct dialogue informs the strategies and
measures we implement to resolve customer complaints and enhance overall experiences.

Residential Solutions
At the heart of HKBN’s award-winning customer service, our Resolution Service team assumes a critical role in effectively
addressing enquiries and complaints from customers. Through methodical in-depth investigations that engage all
relevant parties, the team delves into each issue to guarantee a well-informed and empathetic response to each
complainant. Our goal is to reach a resolution within six calendar days, and we consider a case closed only when the
customer acknowledges and is satisfied with our efforts.

Our approach to resource allocation for complaint resolution is thoughtfully structured around a categorisation system
that classifies cases into five distinct categories based on their severity and the volume of contacts made to our customer
service team. Designed to archive and monitor all customer interactions and subsequent actions, our complaint
management system ensures that no issue is overlooked. This systematic framework enables us to effectively address
customer concerns and proactively tackle them head-on.

Enterprise Solutions
As part of our efforts to elevate service excellence, our Enterprise Solutions team routinely conducts reviews of
consolidated complaint reports to identify recurring issues and areas for improvement. Working closely with
departmental leaders, we methodically address issues based on feedback patterns and complaints to drive systematic
improvements. To facilitate effective tracking of complaint cases, we disseminate monthly summaries to relevant
department heads. Additionally, our Quality Management team provides regular refresher training sessions on quality to
equip our account managers with the knowledge and skills needed to maintain high service quality standards.

In addressing customer concerns, we adhere to the ISO 10002 complaints handling standard across our Enterprise
Solutions business. This standard ensures that we follow an effective and systemic approach to handling complaints.
Additionally, we also integrated the ISO 9001 quality management standard in our after- sales operations, underscoring
our commitment to delivering high-quality products and services.

Customers Complaints
During the reporting period, we received a total of 2,672 complaints pertaining to our Residential Solutions and
Enterprise Solutions products and services. 89% of these complaints were successfully resolved within the stipulated
response period. We view these complaints as opportunities for improvement, which we use to prevent similar issues
from arising in the future.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 105
ESG | Transforming Business

Data Privacy & Security
Our customers trust us with their personal information. Maintaining and protecting their trust is a top priority for our
business. Going beyond mere compliance, we are focused on continuously enhancing our security measures while
handling customer data with the highest degree of care.

Our Approach to Information Data Security
Our Management Committee is responsible for leading and maintaining oversight of our data privacy and security
efforts, with the goal of ensuring adherence to the following cybersecurity risk management strategy:




                                    •   Identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks through effective cybersecurity risk
           Identify                     management processes with proper governance and accountability
                                    •   Identify risks at an early stage and remediate them through proactive threat hunting




                                            •   Protect against cyber-attacks by adopting appropriate security
                                                measures with centrally deployed capabilities to enable
                                                protection at scale
                   Protect                  •   Cultivate a culture of vigilant cybersecurity by improving
                                                awareness and knowledge among all Talents, partners and
                                                customers




                                                •   Maintain comprehensive monitoring of systems, networks
                       Detect                       and services to enable threat detection before threats
                                                    become actual incidents




                                                       •    Swiftly contain and assess cybersecurity
                          Respond and                       incidents to allow rapid response at scale,
                            Recover                         and ultimately minimise impact on
                                                            customers




                          FY25 Goal                                                  FY24 Progress




          Achieve less than 2% average failure rate among        Recorded a phishing assessment average failure rate of 1.49%
                  Talents in phishing assessments



106 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 ESG | Transforming Business

Our Information Security Policy stands as a cornerstone, ensuring the safety, integrity, and confidentiality of our
invaluable data. Supported by a framework of additional policies, we have clearly outlined responsibilities for all
employees, contractors, and third-party users. To ensure relevance and effectiveness, these responsibilities and policies
undergo annual reviews and updates (accessible to Talents via our Company Intranet).

In alignment with ever-changing security standards, our Audit and Risk department annually engages certified third-party
experts to conduct comprehensive reviews of our security systems and internal audits of our information system. We
prioritise the rights of our customers concerning their data, maintaining stringent practices and consent protocols for any
third parties entrusted with handling such data. Furthermore, we do not collect personal data from third parties unless
required by law.

To fortify our security posture, we have integrated vulnerability scanning throughout all sectors of our internal network.
Performed annually, these assessments provide a comprehensive understanding of our network’s security well-being and
enable us to precisely address of any identified vulnerabilities or weaknesses. Additionally, we have participated in the
Bug Hunting Campaign orchestrated by the Hong Kong Police’s Cyber Security and Technology Crime Bureau
(“CSTCB”). This initiative bolsters our commitment to good security practices by assessing our network’s resilience
through simulated real-world attack vectors, without actual exposure to risks.

Being extra careful in how we handle personal data handling means we follow a strict policy that requires us to delete
sensitive data after a predefined period of time (never to exceed 7 years). This deletion process is triggered when we no
longer have a justifiable reason to keep a customer’s personal data.

Launched in FY23, our Privacy Management Programme
serves to ensure compliance with data protection
                                                                                 HKBNES and HKBN JOS data centres and
regulations. Moreover, we proactively identify and mitigate
                                                                                 security operations centre are certified to
potential risks through threat hunting efforts, which in
FY24, culminated in the successful remediation of risks in
440 instances.
                                                                                 ISO 27001
                                                                                 standard

During the reporting period, there were no substantiated
cases of non-compliance with respect to the customer privacy.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 107
ESG | Transforming Business

Strengthening our Information Security
Talents are an important line of defense against cybersecurity risks, making them crucial to our security. Strengthening
our resilience against cyberattacks hinges on cultivating robust security awareness across all team members. During the
reporting period, we conducted a total of 448 hours of training to bolster our team’s knowledge of Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance-related issues.

In FY24, we initiated the following initiatives to augment our information security:

•    Conducted 10 impromptu phishing email assessments, and imposed disciplinary penalties for Talents who failed
     three times or more in these assessments

•    Provided 12 year-round awareness training modules for all Talents, covering topics such as Smishing, Social Media
     Account Cloning, Vishing, Generative AI, Water Hole Attacks, Personal Cloud Storage Risk, Deep Fake Scams, MFA
     and information security best practices, totalling 4,575.5 training hours.

•    Shared 28 sets of cybersecurity tips on work-related and personal security with all Talents

•    Participated in the Hong Kong Police’s Cyber Security and Technology Crime Bureau (CSTCB) services to promote
     our awareness as well as enhance collaboration and communication within HKBN

     (1)   Cyber Security Drill Exercise: enhance and assess the HKBN’s incident response capabilities via a simulated
           cyber security incident

     (2)   E-Security Readiness Checklist: provide an overview of HKBN’s information systems and assess corresponding
           security measures

     (3)   Vulnerability Scanning: enhance the cyber resilience of HKBN’s internet facing infrastructure by early
           identifying vulnerabilities

•    Recognised with a “Cyber Security Premium Partner Award” from the Cyber Security Professional Awards 2023
     (CSPA 2023), organised by the Hong Kong Police’s Cyber Security and Technology Crime Bureau

Our commitment to robust data security also extends to providing comprehensive training on data security and privacy
practices to our outsourced staff. This measure reinforces our efforts to uphold the highest standards of data protection
across all facets of our operations.

Beyond fortifying our internal security protocols, we also work hard to educate our customers on cybersecurity best
practices. A diverse range of educational resources, including instructional videos and engaging social media posts, have
been shared to enhance customer awareness. These resources not only promote sound security practices but also
empower consumers with actionable tips — covering topics such as password strength, the significance of data security,
and strategies to combat phishing attacks — to effectively protect their digital activities.




108 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                     ESG | Transforming Business

Reliable and Responsible Service

At HKBN, being the best is a never-ending journey. By broadening our coverage and reinforcing our network
infrastructure, we’re not just winning over customers, we’re keeping them hooked for the long term. Fueled by our
passion for enhancing the user experience, we’re tapping the latest digital innovations to deliver world-class flexibility,
convenience, and value that customers desire.



               FY25 Goal                                                     FY24 Progress




   Reduce affected customer hours from       Affected customer hours from residential network service disruptions were reduced by
   residential network service disruptions    11.3%, relative to FY22 baseline, through improved maintenance processes, regular
      by 14%, relative to FY22 baseline                           outage reviews, and preventive maintenance.



Delivering Better Network Experiences
Our reputation as a world-class provider of fibre connectivity hinges on our ability to consistently deliver excellence to
customers. It’s this dedication that drives us to expand our coverage and enhance our network’s efficiency. This year,
substantial investments have been channeled into our network and technologies to uphold our position as a leader in
performance, reliability, and coverage.

Network Performance
By upgrading our GPON network, we have ushered in a new era of connectivity, offering symmetrical broadband speeds
vital for the applications and commercial services which drive today’s digital economy. As a result, our residential
customers will be able to access ultra-high-speed, low-latency Internet plans with downstream speeds reaching up to
25Gbps, enabling lightning-fast downloads, seamless 4K and 8K video streaming, and bandwidth-intense smart home
solutions. For our enterprise customers, this upgrade goes above and beyond in meeting their connectivity needs by
providing enhanced symmetrical capacity. It will empower them to seamlessly handle even the most demanding business
operations, including cloud services, big data analytics, server migrations, and backup applications. With this increased
bandwidth, critical workflows and real-time operations will enjoy supercharged resilience against network bottlenecks.




                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 109
ESG | Transforming Business


                      Residential Customers                                                   Enterprise Customers




                       Availability of core network*                                         Availability of core network*#


                            100%                                                         99.99998%
                     Availability of access network*                                         Availability of access network*


                    99.9945%                                                             99.99983%
*   Not including events or circumstances beyond HKBN’s control (“force majeure events”). Force majeure events include acts of God, war, civil
    disobedience, explosions, fires, typhoons, floods, government action, restraints imposed by government or any other regulatory authorities, labour
    disputes, trade disputes or delays caused by third parties over which HKBN has no control.

#
    Due to WCT3 Tandem Switch outage on 28 February 2024.


Network Coverage and Affordability
In line with our long-term strategy to enhance our services, we’ve continued to expand our network coverage for both
residential and enterprise customers. Our strategic expansion efforts concentrate on integrating HKBN’s fibre services
into newly developed residential and commercial properties, including light public housing, railway property
developments, redevelopment initiatives, and Urban Renewal Authority projects across Hong Kong. By proactively
establishing our network infrastructure during the initial phases of these projects, we guarantee that new occupants can
enjoy immediate access to high-speed broadband services upon moving in.

Mirroring the government’s strategic vision for long-term housing and land supply development, HKBN has prioritised
the expansion of our fibre network within the Northern Metropolis. This thriving area is set to accommodate over 500,000
new residential units and a variety of commercial organisations and institutions, including the Hong Kong-Shenzhen
Innovation and Technology Park, San Tin Technopole, data centres, government complexes, educational institutions,
and medical facilities. By positioning our services as a cornerstone of this growth trajectory, we aim to provide state-of-
the-art network solutions, expand our network presence in the residential and commercial sectors, and play a pivotal role
in supporting the region’s burgeoning connectivity needs.




110 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                      ESG | Transforming Business


Hong Kong’s First 25Gbps Enterprise and Residential Broadband
Service
Amidst the skyrocketing demand for bandwidth among both consumer and enterprise users, HKBN has embarked
on an exciting venture by forging a strategic partnership with Nokia. This collaboration is set to fast-track the
deployment of next-generation broadband services. With this pioneering move, HKBN will spearhead the
introduction of 25Gbps broadband services, revolutionising the landscape of technology and applications as it
paves the way for Wi-Fi 8, 8K video, augmented reality (AR), artificial intelligence (AI), and much more.



“Since 2004, HKBN has been the market leader in introducing Hong Kong’s first
fibre-to-the-home broadband service. With our DNA rooted in innovation, we have
joined forces with Nokia to achieve a groundbreaking upgrade, providing customers
with a revolutionary 25Gbps broadband speed that meets their ever-increasing
demands for network connectivity. Looking ahead, our Company will continue to
invest resources to expand network coverage and upgrade our infrastructure.”

William Yeung
Co-Owner, Executive Vice-chairman and Group CEO




      2024 CAHK STAR Award – Best Fixed Network Operator (Silver Award)




                                                                                   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 111
ESG | Transforming Business


In FY24, our fibre network reached about



                                                                                  8,200
                    2.6 million                                                   commercial buildings and facilities in
                    homes in Hong Kong                                            Hong Kong




Network Improvements and Upgrades
Over the years, we have channelled significant investments into the enhancement and expansion of our platforms, with a
goal of augmenting operability, scalability, and performance across our world-class network. Central to all this is a
mission to ensure that our infrastructure remains at the forefront of technological advancement. The following initiatives
highlight some of the network enhancements we made in FY24:

•    Upgraded our Cloud Voice/Cloud Voice S platforms

•    Upgraded network platform hardware and software to ensure service sustainability, e.g., GPON Access, DWDM
     Transmission, Metro Ethernet, and IP Routing

•    Adapted our network infrastructure to align with the emerging demands for new services and ad-hoc demand
     surges, e.g., 10Gbps Broadband Service and n x 100G Network Core

•    Improved our power supply facilities at essential hub sites

•    Upgraded the HKEX SDNet WAN platform, a mission-critical financial telecommunications network

•    Implemented network upgrade plan for HKBN GPON network to 10G PON for up to 10GE broadband service

•    Launched Nokia 25G PON for high-end broadband service

•    Initiated a network plan for ETSI Fifth Generation Fixed Network Advanced (F5G-A) to expand network capabilities
     and improve existing and new services

•    Continued deploying the latest technological advancements, e.g., 50G PON and above

Selling Responsibly
At HKBN, conducting business ethically is intrinsic to everything we do. We deeply value the trust that underpins
customer loyalty, and as such, we are deeply committed to conducting our sales and marketing efforts with fairness and
transparency.

Our Code of Practices on Marketing Calls outlines clear guidelines for executing marketing communications. Placing an
emphasis on privacy and customer choice, we offer multiple channels for customers to opt out of promotional materials
and marketing calls. These channels range from conventional methods such as customer service hotline, email, fax, or
postal mail to the convenience of the My HKBN app or in-person visits to HKBN shops. Any modifications to their
preferences are promptly implemented within seven working days. Furthermore, customers can access their contract
details through the aforementioned channels.



112 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                     ESG | Transforming Business

Conversely, our telesales teams operate under strict adherence to pre-approved scripts, detailed procedural instructions,
and oversight from team leaders and our dedicated Quality Management team. Routine assessments of our sales scripts
and operational protocols are conducted to ensure that our communication practices align with customer expectations
and industry standards. This ongoing review process ensures that our policies, operational methods, and overall quality
are in line to meet and exceed customer expectations.

Through year-round trainings, our frontline Talents receive up-to-date sales and marketing information and guidance on
how to treat customers fairly. Our training programme for sales-related Talents covers product knowledge, sales
techniques, company policies, and ethical standards. New sales Talents are required to undergo training on regulations
like the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Trade Descriptions Ordinance and Codes of Practice on marketing calls.
Regular refresher trainings on sales, marketing, and quality improvement are also provided to maintain a consistent level
of standard. In FY24, 37,896 hours of training were provided to our Residential Solutions Talents, and 13,084 hours of
training were provided to our Enterprise Solutions Talents.

During the reporting period, there were no substantiated cases of non-compliance with respect to the relevant
advertising regulations.

Ensuring Customer Health and Product Safety
At all times, customer safety is a top priority for HKBN. We are fully committed to adhering to all relevant legal and
regulatory requirements concerning consumer safety. From concept to final design, we work hand-in-hand when possible
with our suppliers to make sure that our requirements for quality, health and safety, as well as sustainability, are woven
into the development process.

During the reporting period, there were no substantiated non-compliance lawsuits or product recalls relating to product
health and safety.

Win-win-win Partnership & Value Chain

Harnessing the power of synergy to lift us higher, we’re all about fostering partnerships which deliver win-win-win
outcomes for HKBN, our partners and suppliers, and our customers. Our unwavering focus lies in building robust, trust-
driven relationships that not only unlock meaningful opportunities, but seed innovation, and harvest lasting value for all
stakeholders.



              FY25 Goal                                                      FY24 Progress




  Improve at least 20 SME suppliers’ ESG   Established an ESG questionnaire in FY23, and distributed it to our selected suppliers to
            assessment scores                                    evaluate their ESG performance in FY24




                                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 113
ESG | Transforming Business

Comprehensive Supply Chain Management and Assessment
Recognising that environmental and social responsibility in our supply chain activities is important, we have rolled out
criticality assessments to scrutinise key projects exceeding $300,000. Since December 2020, we have implemented
digitised criticality assessment forms, enabling our business units to more seamlessly evaluate supplier criticality on a
project-specific basis. This e-tool also assists our Procurement team to generate reports which provide a comprehensive
understanding of the supply chain risks associated with each project. For projects that are flagged as “high risk,” we
mandate the implementation of a business continuity plan, and require more frequent supplier performance assessments
to be conducted.



                                            In FY24, HKBN sourced products and services from


                                            2,857              suppliers, with
                                                                                 95.4%
                                            of suppliers sourced locally within our operating locations



In upholding our commitments outlined in pre-agreed service level agreements, we maintain a vigilant approach by
regularly monitoring supplier performance, placing particular emphasis on areas that are crucial to our operations and
stakeholders. The procurement process triggers our business units to conduct thorough supplier performance
assessments of key suppliers at least once a year, encompassing tendering phases and contract renewals. In cases of
subpar performance, our Procurement team will subsequently analyse the associated risks and make recommendations
regarding mitigation strategies. These actions may involve the implementation of improvement initiatives, adjusting the
scope of engagement, or, in more severe instances, the termination of supplier relationships.

Collaboration with our suppliers is integral to fostering sustainable procurement practices. Our Procurement team
conducts annual evaluations of the supply chain management system to establish and achieve our supply chain ESG
objectives. Progress on these initiatives is regularly communicated to senior management, including our Chief Financial
Officer (CFO), who provides comprehensive reports to the Board, ensuring robust oversight of our supply chain
management.

In our ongoing effort to improve sustainability across our supply chain, our Procurement team has introduced an ESG
assessment questionnaire, which has been disseminated to a select group of SME suppliers in FY24. This initiative has
provided valuable insights into the ESG vulnerabilities within our supplier network. The top three identified vulnerability
areas are:

(1)   Climate change, GHG, air emissions

(2)   Environmental policy and management systems

(3)   Human rights

In the above areas, our procurement team plans to disseminate training materials and guidelines to help our suppliers
enhance their performance.




114 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                  ESG | Transforming Business

For more about sustainability in our supply chain, please visit www.hkbn.net/group/en/esg.




                                            Over 90%
                                            of our suppliers have either accepted our Supplier Code of
                                            Conduct (SCoC) terms or have their own CoC




Enhancing Communication with Suppliers
We believe in the power of open dialogue and the benefits that stem from meaningful supplier engagement. Our
supplier satisfaction survey serves to promote transparency and encourage candid feedback that not only builds trust but
also strengthens our relationships. Recognising there is tremendous value in anonymity, we place great importance on
the viewpoints and opinions shared by suppliers, particularly regarding our ESG performance. By embracing their
insights, we are committed to continuously refining our practices, striving to enhance our operations and contribute to
the betterment of our communities.




                                          Over 39%
                                          of our suppliers have had 10+ year
                                          relationships with HKBN




                                          8.5 score
                                          Our suppliers said they like working with HKBN,
                                          giving a score of 8.5 out of 10



Following our most recent online supplier satisfaction survey conducted in March 2024, our suppliers highlighted
“understanding our business requirements” as a key hurdle when engaging with HKBN, with 24% expressing this
concern. Taking this feedback to heart, our Procurement team is gearing up to work more closely with our business units
to enhance the methods through which we communicate our requirements to suppliers during both the ordering and
tendering processes.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 115
Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 August 2024.

Corporate Governance Practices

The Company is committed to the establishment of a good standard of corporate governance practices by emphasising
transparency, accountability and responsibility to our stakeholders, which are considered essential to safeguard the
integrity of the Group’s operations and maintain stakeholder trust in the Company. The Board actively seeks
opportunities for continuous improvement in the area of corporate governance and takes prompt action in responding
to identified improvement opportunities.

Compliance with Corporate Governance Code

The Company has complied with all the code provisions contained in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules on the Stock Exchange during the year ended 31 August 2024.

Corporate Purpose, Values, Culture and Corporate Strategy

Since our inception in 1999, HKBN has transcended from a mere startup to a disruptive telco, ultimately emerging as a
prominent Information Communications Technology Powerhouse. Amidst this transformative journey, our unwavering
objective remains constant: to enrich and redefine how our customers live, learn, work, and play. We achieve this by
providing the most advanced and reliable ICT services at exceptional value.

At the heart of HKBN lies a deep commitment to our Core Purpose: Make our Home a Better Place to Live. This ethos
permeates our culture and everything we do, whether it’s connecting nearly a million households and about 110,000
businesses with top-tier ICT solutions, or spearheading initiatives to empower marginalised communities, or inspiring our
Talents to push the boundaries and create lasting impacts for all stakeholders.

HKBN thrives when our operations are rooted in the symbiotic relationship between PURPOSE and PROFIT. This
intentional fusion of purpose ensures that we consistently provide superior outcomes and experiences for our customers,
maintaining an unparalleled level of desirability in all our offerings.

From the services we provide to the relationships we nurture, HKBN’s corporate culture echoes the values that underpin
our purpose. At all times, we embrace a culture focused on upholding LIFE-work priority, integrity, respect, diversity &
inclusion, eco-responsibility and wellness, ensuring that HKBN will always be a place for our Talents to pioneer change.

Board of Directors

Roles and Responsibilities
The Board plays a critical role in ensuring that our corporate governance best serves the Company’s interest in building a
sustainable business. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the
formulation and approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, internal control and risk management systems, and
monitoring the performance of the senior management. The Directors make decisions objectively in the interests of the
Company. Directors may seek independent professional advice when performing their duties at the Company’s expenses
and Directors are also encouraged to independently consult the Company’s senior management.




116 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                           Corporate Governance Report

The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the Group Chief Executive
Officer and the senior management of the Group. The delegated functions and work tasks are periodically reviewed.


                                    Key Responsibilities of the Board




            Formulate and                         Make decisions in                     Oversee strategies,
               approve                             the interests of                   internal control and risk
            policy matters                          the Company                        management systems



Board Process
The Board and its committees meet regularly. The dates and time of meetings are planned usually in the year before to
allow sufficient time for the Directors to schedule their activities.

Directors may participate in person or through electronic communication. Matters which are immaterial and may not
cause potential conflicts of interest will be dealt with by way of written resolutions.

The formal notice and agenda of Board and its committees meetings are finalised by the chairmen of the Board and its
committees and are usually sent to the Directors at least 14 days before each regular meeting. All Directors are given
opportunities to comment on the agenda and bring up additional matters for consideration at the meetings.

Meeting materials are usually sent to the Directors 3 days in advance of each meeting to ensure that the Directors have
full and timely access to relevant information. With a view to becoming more environmental-friendly by reducing paper
consumption, meeting materials are distributed in electronic form and Directors are encouraged to read the electronic
version.

All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including
relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the
Company’s expense, if necessary.

Draft minutes recording substantive matters discussed and decisions resolved at the meetings are circulated to all
Directors for their review and comments within a reasonable time of each meeting. The final version of the minutes is
formally approved at the next meeting. The final executed version is placed on record and made available for inspection.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 117
Corporate Governance Report

Board Composition
The Board currently comprises seven Directors, including one Executive Director, two Non-executive Directors and four
Independent Non-executive Directors. The Directors’ biographical details are set out in the “Board of Directors” on
pages 8 to 11. None of the members of the Board are related to one another.



                                                                                           Executive Director
                                                                                           • Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG




                                                                                                   Non-executive Directors
                                                                                                   • Ms. Shengping YU
                                                                                                   • Mr. Liyang ZHANG
                                 Board
                                Composition
                                                                                           Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                                           • Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ (Chairman)
                                                                                           • Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG
                                                                                           • Ms. Cordelia CHUNG
                                                                                           • Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG


Independence
We have a strong element of independence on the Board, providing independent and objective oversight on strategic
issues and performance matters. Each of the Board committees is chaired by an Independent Non-executive Director
and comprises a majority of Independent Non-executive Directors.

Board Independence

                                                                                                                                             Environmental, Social and
                  Board                       Audit Committee               Remuneration Committee          Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                              Governance Committee

14.3%(1)                   28.6%(2)    66.7%(2)                 33.3%(1)   75%(3)                25%(1)   75%(3)                25%(1)   33.3%(1)




                            57.1%(4)                                                                                                                               66.7%(2)

           INED     ED    NED                     INED   NED                        INED   NED                     INED   NED                        INED    ED




During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three Independent Non-executive Directors with at least one Independent Non-executive
Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise,
and appointed Independent Non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

The Board has established effective mechanisms to ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board.
These mechanisms include (i) reviewing the structure, size, and composition of the Board annually; (ii) assessing the
independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors annually; (iii) conducting board evaluations; (iv) allowing all
Directors to seek advice from the Company Secretary of the Company and, when necessary, obtain independent advice
from external professional advisers at the Company’s expense; and (v) conducting private meetings for the chairman of
the Board to meet with Independent Non-executive Directors at least twice a year. The implementation and effectiveness
of these mechanisms are reviewed by the Board annually.

118 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                               Corporate Governance Report

In addition, the Company has received from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors a confirmation of their
independence for the year ended 31 August 2024 pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considered all of them
to be independent.

Board Diversity
The Company recognises the benefit and value of diversity across the organisation, and endorses the view that a diverse
board, with a breadth of perspective, is one of the key drivers of an effective board.

An analysis of the Board’s current composition based on the measurable objectives is set out below:



 Gender                                                        Age Group

           Male                       Female                              31-40                      51-60                 61-70

           3                          4                                   2                          1                     4
           Directors                  Directors                           Directors                  Director              Directors



 Educational Background

            Science                                           Business                                              Arts
                                                              Administration

            2   Directors                                     4   Directors                                         1   Director


           Economics                        Commerce                            Engineering                         Law


           1   Director                     2     Directors                     1     Director                      1   Director



 Designation                                                         Nationality


           1                            2                                      American                           Chinese

           Executive
           Director
                                        Non-executive
                                        Directors                              2      Directors                   4   Directors



           4                                                                   British

           Independent
           Non-executive Directors                                             1      Director




                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 119
Corporate Governance Report

The Company values gender diversity. As at the date of this Report, the Board has over 50% female Directors (four
females out of seven Directors). The Board has achieved the gender diversity target of at least 30% female Directors, and
the Board will continue to maintain gender diversity at Board level.

The Group is also committed to achieving gender diversity across the workforce. The details of gender ratio in the
workforce for the year ended 31 August 2024 are shown on page 73 of this Report. As at the date of this Report, female
representation in the Company’s senior management was 30%, consisting of three women out of a total of ten members.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the composition of
the Board was balanced and diversified.

Board Skills Matrix
The Board possesses experience and expertise as shown in the chart below:


                                                    Telecommunications/
                                                      Information and
                                                      Communications
                                                         Technology

                                       Finance/                         Capital Market/
                                        Audit                             Investment



                                                        Diversity of
                                   Regulatory and        Expertise
                                                                          Mainland China
                                    Compliance/
                                                                            Exposure
                                       Risk




                                             Community            International
                                              Services              Business




Board Diversity Policy
In considering and reviewing board composition, both the Nomination Committee and the Board will consider the
benefits of all aspects of diversity, including but not limited to age, gender, skills, knowledge, ethnicity, experience,
cultural background, expertise, professional and educational background, length of service, and any other factors that
the Board may consider relevant and applicable from time to time. While the ultimate decision on all board
appointments would be based on meritocracy and the contributions that the director candidate is expected to bring,
considerable weight would be given to ensuring a diverse board with balanced composition.

The policy will be reviewed periodically to ensure it remains relevant to the Company’s needs and reflects both
regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practices.




120 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                               Corporate Governance Report

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
The Non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors are appointed for no specific term. Their
appointment may be terminated by either the Company or the Director with reasonable written notice in accordance
with the terms outlined in their respective appointment letters. The Directors shall retire by rotation at least once every
three years and be eligible for re-election in accordance with the Articles.

The appointment of a new Director is made on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee and approved by the
Board. Any Director who is appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office
only until the next annual general meeting and their further appointment is subject to the approval by the shareholders
at the general meeting of the Company.

Pursuant to article 16.18 of the Articles, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for
the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-
third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall
be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

According to the above provision, Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ, the Independent Non-executive Director, Ms. Shengping
YU and Mr. Liyang ZHANG, the Non-executive Directors, shall retire from office at the 2024 AGM. Ms. Shengping YU and
Mr. Liyang ZHANG will seek re-election after retirement by rotation. As Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ has served as the
Independent Non-executive Director of the Company for more than nine years, he will not seek re-election and will retire
at the conclusion of the 2024 AGM.

Pursuant to article 16.2 of the Articles, any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next annual general
meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at that meeting.
Accordingly, Ms. Cordelia CHUNG, the Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, shall retire from office at
the 2024 AGM and shall be eligible for re-election.

Nomination Policy
The policy sets out the criteria, procedures and process adopted by the Company when considering candidates to be
appointed or re-appointed as directors. The main provision of the policy is set out below:

Nomination Criteria
When selecting a candidate to be nominated for directorship or re-appointment, considerations will be given to the
following:

(a)   age, gender, skills, knowledge, ethnicity, experience, cultural background, expertise, professional and educational
      background, length of service, and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and applicable from time
      to time;

(b)   effect on the Board’s composition and diversity;

(c)   ability and commitment of the candidate to devote sufficient time to effectively carry out his/her duties. In this
      regard, the number and nature of offices held by the candidate in public companies or organisations, and other
      executive appointments or significant commitments should be considered;

(d)   potential/actual conflicts of interest that may arise if the candidate is selected;

(e)   the contributions that the candidate is expected to bring;

(f)   independence of the candidate; and

(g)   other factors considered to be relevant on a case by case basis.



                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 121
Corporate Governance Report

Nomination Procedures and Process
The following is a summary of the nomination procedures and process adopted by the Company based on the criteria
mentioned previously.



                                                  Shareholders

                     •   Vote on the Directors’ election at the Company’s annual general meeting




                                                       Board

           •   Deliberates and decides on the appointment based upon the recommendation of the
               Nomination Committee

           •   Newly appointed Directors may only hold office until the next annual general meeting of the
               Company under the Articles. If eligible, they would stand for election by the shareholders at
               the first annual general meeting following their appointment. A circular accompanying the
               notice of the annual general meeting containing all relevant information would be sent to
               shareholders by the Board



                                          Nomination Committee

    •   Identifies or selects candidates, with or without assistance from external agencies or the Company, pursuant
        to the criteria set out above

    •   May use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates, which may include personal
        interviews, background checks, presentations, written submissions by the candidate or third-party reference

    •   Provides all relevant information and makes recommendation to the Board, including the terms and
        conditions of the appointment




122 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                             Corporate Governance Report

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer are held separately to ensure a balance of power and
authority. As at 31 August 2024, the roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Group (the
“Group Chief Executive Officer”) are served by Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ and Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG respectively. The
Directors do not have any relationship with the chairman of the Board and the Group Chief Executive Officer during the
year ended 31 August 2024.

The chairman of the Board is responsible for leadership of the Board and for ensuring that the Board functions effectively
and acts in the best interests of the Company. In performing the role of the chairman of the Board, responsibilities mainly
include:

(a)   providing leadership and ensuring effective performance by the Board of its responsibilities, including that it acts in
      the Company’s best interests;

(b)   ensuring that all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely manner;

(c)   leading the Board in establishing good corporate governance practices and procedures for the Group;

(d)   encouraging constructive and timely communication between the Board and the management;

(e)   ensuring effective communication with shareholders and ensuring that their views are communicated to the Board;
      and

(f)   promoting a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of non-executive directors in
      particular and ensuring constructive relations between executive and non-executive directors.

Subject to specific delegations by the Board from time to time, in performing the role of the Group Chief Executive
Officer, responsibilities include:

(a)   leading the management in the daily operations of the Group;

(b)   recommending policies, business plans and strategic directions for Board’s approval;

(c)   ensuring the strategies and policies approved by the Board are effectively implemented; and

(d)   keeping the Board informed of material developments in the Group’s business.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 123
Corporate Governance Report

Meetings
The Board meets regularly at least four times per year at approximately quarterly intervals and on an ad hoc basis, as
required by business needs. The attendance of each Director at the Board meetings, Board committee meetings and
general meeting during the year ended 31 August 2024 is set out in the following table:

                                                                   Audit              Nomination       Remuneration          ESG
                                                 Board         Committee              Committee          Committee      Committee     General
                                                Meeting          Meeting                Meeting            Meeting        Meeting     Meeting
                                                                                 Number of Meetings Attended/Held (1)
  Chairman and Independent
  Non-executive Director
  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                            6/6              3/3                     5/5               1/1          N/A           0/1
  Executive Directors
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                6/6             1/1(2)                  1/1(2)            N/A            1/1          1/1
  Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI   (3)
                                                     3/3             1/1   (2)
                                                                                             1/1 (2)
                                                                                                               1/1(2)
                                                                                                                              1/1          1/1
  Non-executive Directors
  Ms. Shengping YU                                   6/6             N/A                      5/5              N/A           N/A           1/1
  Mr. Liyang ZHANG                                   6/6              3/3                    1/1(2)             2/2          N/A           1/1
  Mr. Agus TANDIONO           (4)
                                                    N/A              N/A                     N/A               N/A           N/A          N/A
  Independent Non-executive Directors
  Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG (5)                      6/6             N/A                     N/A                1/1           2/2          1/1
  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG         (6)
                                                     5/5             N/A                      4/4               1/1          N/A          N/A
  Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG (5)                         5/6              3/3                     4/4              N/A            2/2          1/1
  Mr. Stanley CHOW (7)                               1/1              1/1                     1/1               1/1           1/1          0/1
  Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW            (7)
                                                     1/1              1/1                     1/1               0/1          N/A           1/1
  Ms. Edith Manling NGAN (4)                        N/A              N/A                     N/A               N/A           N/A          N/A


Notes:

(1)   Directors may attend meetings in person, or by means of telephone or video conference in accordance with the Articles. The figures exclude
      resolutions in writing signed by all Directors.

(2)   By invitation.

(3)   Resigned on 28 February 2024.

(4)   Resigned on 13 September 2023.

(5)   Appointed on 13 September 2023.

(6)   Appointed on 15 December 2023.

(7)   Retired on 15 December 2023.


The Company held the annual general meeting on 15 December 2023 (the “2023 AGM”), Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ and
Mr. Stanley CHOW, the Independent Non-executive Directors were unable to attend 2023 AGM due to other business
engagements. Ms. Shengping YU, the Non-executive Director, was elected as the chairman of the 2023 AGM to ensure
effective communication with shareholders of the Company at the meeting.


124 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                            Corporate Governance Report

Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors of
the Company. Having made specific enquiries with the Directors, they confirmed that they had complied with the
required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 August 2024.

Directors’ Liability Insurance
The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis. During the year ended 31 August 2024, no
claim was made against the Directors.

Induction and Continuous Professional Development and Training
The Company provides induction training to the newly appointed Directors and director trainings to all Directors.

Upon appointment to the Board, Directors are provided with comprehensive induction training conducted by senior
executives and external legal advisers to ensure that they have a thorough understanding of the roles and responsibilities
as a director under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements, as well as a proper understanding of the
Group’s operations and business.

Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG, Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG and Ms. Cordelia CHUNG had been appointed as Independent
Non-executive Directors during the year ended 31 August 2024, and the Company engaged external legal counsel to
provide director training to them. Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG and Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG attended the director
training on 21 September 2023, and Ms. Cordelia CHUNG attended the director training on 8 January 2024. The newly
appointed Directors have acknowledged their obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

The Company encourages Directors to participate in continuous professional development and training to develop and
refresh their knowledge and skills at the expense of the Company. During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Company
arranged training from external adviser and provided written training materials to the Directors, and the Directors have
provided a record of training they received during the year ended 31 August 2024 to the Company.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 125
Corporate Governance Report

The following training programmes were provided to the Directors:

                                                                                Directors‘ Training by Topic
                                                                                          Regulatory           Director’s
  Name                                                                 ESG Practices     Compliance               Duties
  Executive Directors
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                                             ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI    (1)
                                                                                N/A              N/A                 N/A
  Non-executive Directors
  Mr. Liyang ZHANG                                                                ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Ms. Shengping YU                                                                ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Mr. Agus TANDIONO (2)                                                         N/A              N/A                 N/A
  Independent Non-executive Directors
  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                                                         ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG                                                       ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                                                              ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                                                          ✔                ✔                   ✔
  Mr. Stanley CHOW     (3)
                                                                                N/A              N/A                 N/A
  Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW       (3)
                                                                                N/A              N/A                 N/A
  Ms. Edith Manling NGAN       (2)
                                                                                N/A              N/A                 N/A

Notes:

(1)   Resigned on 28 February 2024.

(2)   Resigned on 13 September 2023.

(3)   Retired on 15 December 2023.


Time Commitment of Directors
The Directors have demonstrated a strong commitment to the Board affairs, and they are well aware that they are
expected to have a sufficient time commitment to the Board. The Directors have given certain confirmations and made
disclosures about their other commitments.

Sufficient time and attention
The Directors confirmed that they had given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Group during the year
ended 31 August 2024.

Other offices and commitments
The Directors disclose to the Company annually the number, identity and nature of offices held in Hong Kong or
overseas listed public companies and organisations and other significant commitments.

Board Evaluation
Performance evaluation on the Board had been conducted for the year ended 31 August 2024. The evaluation involved
each Director completing a self-evaluation questionnaire to provide individual ratings and their contribution to the
Board. The objectives of the evaluation are to assess whether the Board and the Directors have adequately and
effectively performed its/their roles and responsibilities.



126 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report

Board Committees

As an integral part of good corporate governance and to enhance the function of the Board, the Board has established
four Board committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, to assume responsibilities for and to oversee particular aspects
of the Group’s affairs. The written terms of reference of all Board committees are disclosed in full on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange.


                                                                              Board

                                                                                                                               Environmental, Social and
       Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                Governance Committee

                                           Nomination Committee                     Remuneration Committee




As at the date of this Report, the composition of the four Board committees of the Company is as follows:


 Audit                                    Nomination                               Remuneration                                Environmental,
 Committee                                Committee                                Committee                                   Social and
                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                                               Committee



 Chairman                                 Chairman                                 Chairman                                    Chairman
 Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                   Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                     Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG
   (Independent Non-executive Director)     (Independent Non-executive Director)     (Independent Non-executive Director)        (Independent Non-executive Director)

 Members                                  Members                                  Members                                     Members
 Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                       Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG                   Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG
  (Independent Non-executive Director)     (Independent Non-executive Director)     (Independent Non-executive Director)        (Independent Non-executive Director)
 Mr. Liyang ZHANG                         Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                   Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                          Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
  (Non-executive Director)                 (Independent Non-executive Director)     (Independent Non-executive Director)        (Executive Director)
                                          Ms. Shengping YU                         Mr. Liyang ZHANG
                                           (Non-executive Director)                 (Non-executive Director)




Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
reappointment and removal of the external auditor and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the
external auditor and any questions of its resignation or dismissal, review of the Company’s financial information and
oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management system and internal control system and
procedures. It is also responsible for reviewing the interim and annual results of the Company.

The majority of the Audit Committee members are Independent Non-executive Directors. None of the members of the
Audit Committee are a former partner of the Company’s existing external auditor.

The Audit Committee meets, at least twice a year, with the external auditor to discuss their audit plan and any area of
major audit and internal control concern during the audit or review. At least twice a year the Audit Committee meets with
the external auditor without the presence of any Executive Director.




                                                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 127
Corporate Governance Report

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Audit Committee held three meetings with the following summary of work
performed, including:

•    reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements, the annual report and the annual results announcement for
     the year ended 31 August 2023 and made recommendation them for the Board’s approval;

•    reviewed and agreed with the re-appointment of KPMG as the Company’s auditor, and made recommendation for
     the Board’s approval;

•    reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the
     year ended 31 August 2023;

•    reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements, the draft interim results announcement and the draft
     interim report of the Group for the six months ended 29 February 2024 and made recommendation for the Board’s
     approval;

•    reviewed and discussed the external audit plan and strategy with the external auditor;

•    reviewed and approved the non-audit services provided by the external auditor and considered the auditor’s
     independence;

•    reviewed and approved the audit and non-audit fees; and

•    reviewed the internal audit reports and audit plan.

The audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 August 2024 have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is delegated with the authority by the Board with written terms of reference in compliance
with the CG Code.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and the
Board committees, review the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy on a regular basis to ensure their
continued effectiveness, make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
corporate strategy, identify individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and select or make recommendations to
the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships, assess the independence of Independent Non-
executive Directors, and make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
succession planning for Directors.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Nomination Committee held five meetings with the following summary of
work performed, including:

•    reviewed and assessed the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors;

•    considered the re-election of the retiring Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and
     made recommendation for the Board’s approval;

•    reviewed the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy of the Company and made recommendation for the
     Board’s approval;

•    reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board and its committees; and

•    reviewed and considered the succession of the Board and the senior management of the Group and made
     recommendation for the Board’s approval.


128 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                            Corporate Governance Report

Remuneration Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the
Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, make recommendations to the
Board on the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior management, make recommendations
to the Board on the remuneration of Non-executive Director and Independent Non-executive Directors and the
Company’s Co-Ownership Plan(s), and review and approve the compensation arrangement for Directors and senior
management in the event of loss or termination of office.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings with the following summary of
work performed, including:

•    reviewed the remuneration package and discretionary bonus of Directors, senior management and Talents and
     made recommendation for the Board’s approval;

•    reviewed the Remuneration Policy of the Group and made recommendation for the Board’s approval;

•    reviewed the proposed revamp of the performance management system of the Company;

•    reviewed the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV of the Company and recommended to the Board the
     suspension of the enrolment and participation of the plan at the second invitation period; and

•    considered the long-term incentive plan of the Company.

Pursuant to Code Provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band
for the year ended 31 August 2024 is set out in note 6 to the “Notes to the Financial Statements”.

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Committee
The primary responsibilities of the ESG Committee include but are not limited to reviewing and monitoring the
Company’s ESG strategies, policies and practices in order to ensure that they align with the Company’s needs and
comply with the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements and international standards, reviewing the
Company’s ESG report and making recommendations to the Board for approval, and reviewing the Company’s ESG
performance against targets.

During the year ended 31 August 2024, the ESG Committee held two meetings with the following summary of work
performed, including:

•    reviewed the ESG performance in FY23;

•    reviewed the ESG Report of the Company for the year ended 31 August 2023 and made recommendation for the
     Board’s approval;

•    reviewed ESG material risks and FY24 ESG planning;

•    reviewed taskforce of climate-related financial disclosures;

•    reviewed Science-based target roadmap and ESG solutions development; and

•    reviewed ESG KPIs and materiality assessment.



                                                                                   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 129
Corporate Governance Report

Company Secretary
Ms. Chung Man CHENG (“Ms. CHENG”) is the Company Secretary of the Company. She also acts as secretary to all the
Board committees. To ensure information flow between the Board and its committees, Ms. CHENG is responsible for
ensuring the effective conduct of meetings and that proper procedures are followed (including organising meetings,
preparing agendas and written resolutions or minutes, collating and distributing meeting materials, and keeping records
of substantive matters discussed and decisions resolved at the meetings). She also advises the Board on compliance and
corporate governance matters, including updating the Board on any legal and regulatory changes, as well as facilitating
the induction and professional development of the Directors. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the
Company Secretary.

Ms. CHENG has complied with the requirement to undertake not less than 15 hours of professional training for the year
ended 31 August 2024.

Auditor
Company continues to engage KPMG as the external auditor for the year ended 31 August 2024. KPMG has confirmed
to the Company of its independence, and there are no relationships between KPMG and the Company that are likely to
impair its independence.

The statement of the Directors’ responsibility and auditor’s statement of reporting responsibilities in respect of the
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024 are set out on pages 143 to 145 of this Report.

Auditor’s Remuneration
During the year ended 31 August 2024, the remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s external auditor, KPMG, is
set out as follows:

                                                                                                                                             $’000
 Audit services                                                                                                                               3,598
 Other services (Note)                                                                                                                        1,941
                                                                                                                                              5,539

Note:   Other service fee includes the review of the Group’s interim financial report amounting to $400,000, tax advisory service amounting to $540,000
        and other services amounting to $1,001,000.


Governance Beyond Just Compliance
Our commitment to uphold a higher standard of governance and integrity is not something that we simply aspire for, but
rather it is deeply ingrained in our everyday culture. Thanks to Co-Ownership Plans, the skin-in-the-game of our Talents
means each Co-Owner and their immediate teams operate with self-motivation to ensure that every decision we make is
positive, accountable and in the best interest of our Group. In a very unique way, the role our Talents play — together
with the governance policies we have in place — help take our culture of integrity beyond mere compliance of laws and
regulations.




              Co-Ownership Plans and Entrepreneurial Mindset
As a Group led by Co-Owners, our Talents operate with the mindset of entrepreneurs and shareholders. Whilst most
legacy companies have an agency problem, in that there can be a misalignment of interest between employees,
management and stakeholders, our Co-Ownership Plans negate this as Talents from all facets of our business are part
owners of HKBN. For every action we make, our interests are fully aligned with shareholders.




              Calculated risk
While we embrace risk in our operation for faster and more agile decision-making, we also examine the risk and weigh its
impact based on the opportunity outcome before taking action. In addition, sound procurement policies and other
controls are in place as a baseline to empower our decision making.


130 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Corporate Governance Report


            Trustworthy
Trust plays a vital role in ensuring that we can operate with agility. As such, we actively encourage our Talents to adopt a
“Sunshine test” and “Newspaper test” when making decisions. Our rule is simple: we ask Talents “would you be proud
of your action or decision if it was shared with the entire company?” or “would you be content if it was reported in a
newspaper?” If the answer is yes to both, we ask our Talents to proceed. When in doubt, Internal Audit and Talent
Management Talents are available to provide advice. However, under any circumstance, we adopt zero tolerance for
dishonesty and unethical behaviour, with the Management Committee of the Company responsible for overseeing
business ethics and corruption related issues.

The Three-Line of Defence and Enterprise Risk Management

Apart from our culture-related governance methodology, our risk management structure is also based on the “Three
Lines of Defence” model. This framework and its process are designed to manage and mitigate risks rather than
eliminate all risks. As such, it does not provide absolute protection against unpredictable risk or uncontrollable events
such as natural catastrophes, fraud, and errors of judgment.



                                               Board Oversight

                                               Audit Committee


                       Management Committee                                        Third Line
                                                                             Independent Assurance


Monitor                                                                                                   Communication
 and                                                                            Internal Assurance            and
Review              First Line                      Second Line                                             Improve
             Operation Management                  Risk Oversight               External Assurance




                   Risk         Control Self         Risk          Risk
               Identification   Assessment      Monitoring and   Reporting
                                                 Improvement




                 Internal       Policies and
                 Controls       Procedures




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 131
Corporate Governance Report

Risk Management Framework

First Line of Defence
Internal Control
The Group adopted an integrated framework of internal controls in consistence with the “Committee of Sponsoring
Organisations of the Treadway Commission” framework (the “framework”). Under this framework, management is
responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls to ensure appropriate policies and
control procedures have been designed and established to safeguard our assets against improper use or disposal,
ensuring that relevant laws, rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with; and that reliable financial and
accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
requirements. Departmental Operating Procedures are established for major operations.

The Company is aware of its obligations under the SFO and the Listing Rules. The Group has in place an inside
information escalation system and disclosure of inside information policy setting out controls with regard to the handling
and disclosure of such inside information. The policy provides examples and illustrations to facilitate understanding and
compliance.

Risk Register and Control Self-Assessment
Business units are at the forefront of our risk management. While there is change in our operations, leaders from different
departments are responsible to identify business and operation risk and perform risk assessments, risk ranking,
establishing and implementing mitigating actions and reporting to the Internal Risk Management (“IRM”) team on a
yearly basis through the Departmental Risk Register. By processing the “control self-assessment” (“CSA”), we allow each
operation to evaluate the effectiveness of control related to identified risks.

Company Policies
All Talents are required to comply with multiple company policies which align with our core values. These policies
regulate the behaviour of our Talents which permeate the Group’s integrity and ethical values as fundamental principles.
All Talents are required to follow our Code of Business Conduct which details our expectations for responsible business
conduct.

Anti-bribery, Anti-corruption, Anti-fraud and Conflict of Interest Policy
This outlines our expected conduct to ensure we are always in compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the
Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201) (the “Ordinance”). This includes compliance with all laws, domestic and
foreign, prohibiting improper payment, gifts or inducement s of any kind to and received from any person, including
officials in the private or public sector, customers and suppliers. The policy is available on the Company’s website and
intranet.

Training
Training is carried out in the format of self-learning or attend in-person training provided by Independent Commission
Against Corruption (“ICAC”) or local specialist in Hong Kong, Macao and mainland China to strengthen our
understanding of anti-corruption laws and enhance our alertness to corruption, conflict of interest and integrity issues.

Materials covered in the anti-bribery and anti-corruption trainings include location and country specific prevention of
bribery ordinance, conflict of interest and company policies including Anti-Bribery, Anti-Corruption, Conflict of Interest
Policy and No Business Gift Policy.




132 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                             Corporate Governance Report

In 2024, training summary as follow:

                                       Number of
                                          talents   Format                              Location
 Directors                                     7    Self-reading materials and          Hong Kong
                                                    declaration
 New join Talents and                       1,648   In-person training by ICAC and      Hong Kong, mainland China
 refresher training                                 local specialist
 New join Talents and                         29    Self-reading materials and          Hong Kong and Macao
 refresher                                          declaration


Whistleblowing Policy and Complaint handling
The Whistleblowing Policy facilitates Talents and other stakeholders (e.g. vendors, contractors and all that we have
business relationships etc.) to report concerns to us about suspected unethical behaviour or malpractice in confidence
and without fear of reprisal, victimisation, subsequent discrimination, disadvantage or dismissal.

Complaints or concerns filed via email or online portal reporting are received by HKBN Speakup, an independent
speakup service managed by Deloitte on behalf of the HKBN Group. A Deloitte speakup analyst will review the
information the Informer have given, summarise the information provided, suggest specific follow-up action and submit a
report to a designated representative(s) of the Group for follow-up which includes any corrective action(s) as appropriate.
The HKBN Speakup online portal provides an anonymity function should the Informer choose to remain anonymous.
During FY24, no substantiated court cases or complaints relating to HKBN and corruption, bribery or conflict of interest
occurred.

Intellectual Property Rights Policy
As a technology Group that develops our own products, solutions and applications, as well as partners with many
different companies, we embrace our responsibility to respect and protect everyone’s intellectual property (“IP”) rights.
In general, all Talents are required to install and use only our Company’s authorised programs on our systems or
platforms and there should not be any unauthorised copying or distribution of materials. The Intellectual Property Rights
Policy requires our Talents to protect the Company’s intellectual property rights (“IPRs”) and to respect the IPRs of third
parties to avoid potential legal liabilities from IPR infringement. In our agreements with suppliers, we seek their
representations/warranties that their products do not infringe on third party IPRs and will indemnify us against any
damages from any such infringements.

Cybersecurity Information Security Policy provides rules and best practices to maintain the confidentiality, integrity,
and availability of the Company’s information and outlined the responsibilities for Talents, contractors and third-party in
relation to information security. During the year, we continued to subscribe to a threat intelligence service to identify
phishing websites and impersonation of HKBN brands on cyberspace. We also subscribed to a cloud-based cyber range
service to provide real-life simulation training on cyber security events across different departments.

Data Privacy Personal Data Protection Policy is established by our Company to set out how our Company protects
personal data and ensures ongoing compliance with Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. We implement accountability by
appointing a Data Protection Officer and have established reporting mechanisms in place on data privacy within our
Company. We also perform annual assessments and revisions in order to stay effective and relevant.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 133
Corporate Governance Report

Risk Governance

Second Line of Defence
The second line of defence is overseen by the IRM team whose composition comprises nominated department heads
and executives. The team is responsible for (i) understanding risks that are affecting the Group, and (ii) ensuring major
risks are addressed with appropriate actions. IRM team ensures appropriate actions are taken on risks affecting the
Group’s business, operations and ESG related issues. The IRM team meets twice a year and from time to time when
needed to review risks affecting the Group’s operation. The Group Risk Register is the result of a top down risk
assessment from the corporate level and is complemented by a bottom up approach of separate risk registers reported
by different departments.

Third Line of Defence — Independent Assurance
The Group’s internal audit function is performed by the Audit and Risk Department (“ARD”). It is responsible for
conducting independent reviews of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management
systems. It also assists management in assessing the risks inherent in particular business or functional areas, including
fraud, corruption, ethics and conducts, and legal compliance through reviews or audits to provide reasonable, though
not absolute, assurance that adequate governance and controls are in place to address such risks. The ARD has a
reporting line to the Executive Vice-chairman and has direct access to the chairman of the Audit Committee.

Internal audit reports on control design and effectiveness are submitted to the Audit Committee in line with the agreed
audit plan. The annual audit plan is prepared based on the major risks identified during the latest risk review on a three-
year rotational basis covering a majority of operations that have the most impact to our Group, and includes controls
related business ethics issues such as the prevention of corruption, fraud and other misconduct. This audit plan is subject
to changes according to the outcome of continuous risk review processes, and any proposed changes to the audit plan
will be communicated to and approved by the Audit Committee accordingly.

Apart from the Audit and Risk Department, an independent Quality Enhancement/Quality Management team performs
comprehensive training programs and conducts certain quality enhancement activities to ensure compliance and deliver
outstanding service quality. New frontline customer service and sales representatives must undergo training on product
knowledge, service standards, and relevant regulations such as the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Trade Descriptions
Ordinance, and Code of Practice on Person-to-Person Marketing Calls. These training sessions lay the foundation for
talents to deliver high-quality service while remaining compliant with regulations.

In addition to training, the team conducts regular quality monitoring to evaluate performance and maintain quality
standards. Regular call monitoring and promoter booth assessments are carried out to assess the performance of
telemarketing and direct sales teams. Mystery customers are assigned to visit outdoor sales representatives, ensuring
accurate information delivery. Any identified discrepancies are addressed through refresher training programs, allowing
individual performance to align with quality standards.

Recognizing and responding to customer expectations and feedback is vital to the team’s endeavors. We conduct
customer satisfaction surveys for both new customers and post-service interactions. Customers are invited to share their
feedback after utilizing our comprehensive omni-customer services. The insights gained from these surveys provide
valuable information about customer expectations, requirements, and areas for improvement. The findings are reviewed
by management and relevant departments, who take action to continuously improve frontline performance and enhance
the service journey, aiming to exceed customer expectations.




134 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report

External Assurance and Consultation
External auditor and consultants further supplement the third line of defence by providing independent assessment on
the Group’s processes, especially with respect to the significant risks and control issues identified over the financial
reporting process.

Risk Management and Principal Risks

It is our commitment to launch service quickly and meet market demands at a fast pace to pursue long-term growth in
our business. Because we embrace risk as an inherent component in our daily operation, HKBN takes an “enterprisewide
approach” for the management of key business risks. This approach provides consistent processes to identify, assess,
treat, monitor and communicate key risks.




                                                               01
                                                  Risk Context Establishment
                                                   Set criteria against risks will be
                                                   assessed based on our Group’s
                                                               objectives




    05                                                                                                                 02
                  Risk Monitoring and
                       Reporting                                                            Risk Identification
                  Once an appropriate risk                                                  As part of our strategic
              treatment has been determined,                                                planning process and
               department heads and the IRM                                              day-to-day management of
                 team perform ongoing and                                                 the business, internal and
               periodic monitoring of the risks                                            external events that may
                 and ensure that appropriate                                              affect the achievement of
                   responses, controls and                                               our Group’s objectives are
               preventive actions are in place                                                     identified




                              Risk Treatment
                          (Mitigation and Action)                                 Risk Evaluation
                          Treatment is identified and                       Identify the cause and source
                      determined as to whether or not it                      of the risks, and rank the
                   reduces the residual risk to an acceptable               potential impact on business
                      level, if not, further treatments are                    and likelihood of a risk
                     considered until the residual risks are                occurring both quantitatively
                        reduced to an acceptable level                             and qualitatively




                    04                                                                                 03

                                                                                                   HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 135
Corporate Governance Report

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The Group is exposed to a broad range of risks. The following table details the main areas of focus. Significant risks
specific to the operations are included in their risk registers.

 Area of Focus                     Mitigation
 Market competition                •    Proactively monitor market conditions
                                   •    Conduct responsive project management to allow flexible allocation of resources
                                        for strategy changes
                                   •    Closely monitor price levels and act accordingly
 Interest rate risk                •    Continue to monitor interest rate trend and market conditions diligently and
                                        devise hedging strategy accordingly
                                   •    Utilise interest-rate swaps to hedge against our interest rate risks as appropriate
 Network availability              •    The Group has implemented a multi-vendor approach
                                   •    Continuously monitor of network status
 People                            •    The Group has a succession planning strategy in place for key management
                                        positions
 Cybersecurity and                 •    Continuously review and update our customer data collection and retention
 data protection                        policy
                                   •    Provide network/IT security awareness training to all Talents
                                   •    Continuously review and update our customer data collection and retention
                                        policy
 Legal and regulation              •    ARD will conduct compliance review on business activities and new initiatives
                                        where appropriate
                                   •    Legal and Regulatory Department will review contracts before their execution
                                   •    On-going trainings on legal and regulatory compliance will be provided to
                                        Talents to promote awareness and ensure compliance
 Technology advancement            •    Explore and roll out emerging network technologies as we see fit
                                   •    New service is provided to customers by partnering with industry leaders
 Climate Risk                      •    Please refer to environmental section of this annual report on pages 88 to 99


Board Confirmation

The Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal control systems and for reviewing their
effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Board conducts an annual review on the effectiveness
of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance, and the adequacy of resources, qualifications and
experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, and their training programs
and budget, as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting.

The Board has considered and endorsed the Audit Committee’s assessment of the effectiveness of risk management and
internal controls systems in the Group. During the year ended 31 August 2024, there was no area of concern identified
which might materially affect the operational, financial reporting and compliance controls of the Group, and that the
existing risk management and internal control systems remain effective and adequate.




136 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                              Corporate Governance Report

Shareholders and Investors

Dividend Policy
The Company’s dividend policy is set out in the “Recommended Dividend” section on page 39 of this Report.

The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to time.

Shareholder Communication Policy
The Company has adopted a Shareholder Communication Policy (which is available on the Company’s website) to set
out the Company’s procedures in providing shareholders and the investment community with ready, equal and timely
access to balanced and understandable information about the Company, in order to help shareholders exercise their
rights in an informed manner, and to allow shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the
Company. The Company has considered the current Shareholder Communication Policy remains effective and adequate.

Shareholder Engagement
The general meetings of the Company provide a communication channel between the shareholders and the Board. An
annual general meeting of the Company is held each year at a location as may be determined by the Board. Each
general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, is called an extraordinary general meeting. The Board may,
whenever it deems fit, convene an extraordinary general meeting. Any vote of the shareholders at a general meeting
must be taken by poll except where the chairman of the general meeting, in good faith, decides to allow a resolution
which relates purely to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted by a show of hands.

Shareholders’ Rights
General meetings may be convened on the written requisition of any one member which is a recognised clearing house
(or its nominee(s)) deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases
to have such a principal office, the registered office specifying the objects of the meeting and signed by the
requisitionist, provided that such requisitionist held as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of
the paid up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting on a one vote per share basis, at general meetings
of the Company.

If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to
be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the
total voting rights of all of them, may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal meeting
place provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of
deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 137
Corporate Governance Report

Investor Relations Enquiries and Communication
The enquiries must be in writing with the detailed contact information of the requisitionists and deposited with the
Company at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as below:

HKBN Ltd.
19/F, Tower 1, The Quayside
77 Hoi Bun Road
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong

Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings
Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting in
accordance with the procedures set out on page 137 in the paragraph under “Shareholders’ Rights”. Detailed procedure
for shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director is available under the Corporate Governance section of
the Company’s website.

Information Disclosure and Investor Relations
The Board and the Company maintain an on-going dialogue with the Company’s shareholders and the investment
community mainly through the Company’s financial reports, annual general meeting and other general meetings that
may be convened, as well as by making available all the disclosures submitted to the Stock Exchange and its corporate
communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

Constitutional Document

There was no change made to the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
Company during the year ended 31 August 2024.




138 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                          Auditor’s Report




Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of HKBN Ltd. (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”)
set out on pages 146 to 233, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 August 2024, the
consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 August 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 139
Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Key audit matters (continued)
Assessing of potential impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”) and
right-of-use assets
Refer to notes 9, 10 and 11 and accounting policies in notes 1(f), 1(h) and 1(i) to the consolidated financial statements.
The Key Audit Matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit
The carrying values of the Group’s goodwill, intangible Our audit procedures to assess potential impairment of
assets, PP&E and right-of-use assets as at 31 August 2024, goodwill, intangible assets, PP&E and right-of-use assets
which amounted to HK$7,817 million, HK$2,368 million, included the following:
HK$3,133 million and HK$628 million, respectively, were
mainly contained in three cash-generating units (“CGUs”). •    evaluating the Group’s identification of CGUs and the
                                                               value of goodwill, intangible assets, PP&E and right-of-
Management performs an annual impairment assessment            use assets allocated to each of the CGUs and
of its goodwill and the associated intangible assets, PP&E     assessing the methodology applied by management
and right-of-use assets. Management compares the               in the preparation of the discounted cashflow forecasts
carrying value of each of the CGUs to which the goodwill,      with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
intangible assets, PP&E and right-of-use assets have been      accounting standards;
allocated against discounted cashflow forecast of each of
the CGUs to determine the amount of impairment loss •          evaluating the discounted cashflow forecasts prepared
which should be recognised, if any.                            by management by comparing specific data and
                                                               significant assumptions in the discounted cashflow
The preparation of discounted cashflow forecasts involves      forecasts with the financial budget which was
the exercise of significant management judgement,              approved by the Board of directors. Our evaluation
particularly in estimating the long term revenue growth        has taken into account our understanding of the
rates and the discount rates applied.                          Group’s future business plans and the observable
                                                               market data of the industry;
We identified assessing the potential impairment of
goodwill, intangible assets, PP&E and right-of-use assets •    comparing the revenue and operating costs included
as a key audit matter because the impairment assessment        in prior year’s discounted cashflow forecasts with the
prepared by management is complex and contains                 current year’s performance in order to assess the
judgemental assumptions, particularly the long term            reasonableness of prior year’s forecast and making
revenue growth rate and discount rate applied, which           enquires of management as to the reasons for any
could be subject to management bias in their selection.        significant variation identified;

                                                              •   comparing the long term revenue growth rate and
                                                                  discount rate adopted in the discounted cashflow
                                                                  forecasts with that of comparable companies and
                                                                  external market data; and

                                                              •   obtaining from management sensitivity analysis of
                                                                  long term revenue growth rate and the discount rate
                                                                  adopted in the discounted cashflow forecasts and
                                                                  assessing the impact of changes in these key
                                                                  assumptions to the conclusions reached in the
                                                                  impairment assessments and whether there were any
                                                                  indicators of management bias.


140 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                        Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Key audit matters (continued)
Accuracy of revenue due to complex billing systems
Refer to note 2 and accounting policies in note 1(u) to the consolidated financial statements.
The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group’s revenue from fixed telecommunications             Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
network services, international telecommunications            included the following:
services and other services totalled HK$5,997 million,
which accounted for 56% of the total revenue for the          •    with the assistance of our information technology
year ended 31 August 2024. The accuracy of such                    specialists, evaluating the design, implementation and
revenue recorded in the consolidated financial                     operating effectiveness of key internal controls with
statements is an inherent risk because the Group’s billing         particular emphasis on:
systems are complex, and process large volumes of data
including a variety of service packages with price                 —    the capturing and recording of data usage;
changes in the year.
                                                                   —    authorising rate changes; and

                                                                   —    calculating amounts billed to customers.

                                                              •    assessing the design, implementation and operating
                                                                   effectiveness of key non-automated internal controls
                                                                   over the revenue recognition process;

                                                              •    reconciling revenue recognised in the telecom billing
                                                                   system to the general ledger and assessing whether
                                                                   the reconciling items were properly supported by
                                                                   underlying documentation, on a sample basis;




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 141
Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Key audit matters (continued)
Accuracy of revenue due to complex billing systems (continued)
Refer to note 2 and accounting policies in note 1(u) to the consolidated financial statements. (continued)
The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
Significant management judgement can be required in           •   assessing, on a sample basis, the standalone selling
determining the appropriate measurement and timing of             prices determined by management for each distinct
recognition of different elements of revenue within               service and product offered in bundled sales
bundled sales packages, which may include                         packages, by comparison with the observable prices
telecommunication services and telecommunication                  for such services or products when the Group sells
products, and complex settings are required in the                such services or products separately in similar
Group’s information technology (“IT”) systems to                  circumstances and to similar customers;
achieve the appropriate allocation of prices for the
different elements of revenue.                                •   evaluating journal entries posted to revenue accounts,
                                                                  on a specific risk-based sample basis, and comparing
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter           the details of these journals entries with relevant
because it involves management judgement and                      underlying documentation, which included reports
complex IT systems, both of which give rise to an                 generated from the telecom billing system; and
inherent risk that revenue could be recorded in the
incorrect period or could be subject to manipulation to       •   comparing cash receipts from customers during the
meet targets or expectations.                                     year and subsequent to the financial year end with
                                                                  invoices issued to customers during the year, on a
                                                                  sample basis.




142 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                          Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 143
Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

—    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

—    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

—    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

—    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
     audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
     Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

—    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.




144 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                           Auditor’s Report

Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of HKBN Ltd. (continued)
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
—    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
     direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yip Ka Ming, Alice.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

31 October 2024




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 145
Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                              Note             $’000              $’000
Revenue                                                                           2      10,650,922          11,692,176
Other net income                                                                3(a)         24,609               20,180
Network costs and costs of sales                                                         (6,661,678)         (7,525,019)
Other operating expenses                                                        3(b)     (3,124,364)         (3,446,031)
Impairment on goodwill                                                          3(e)              –          (1,200,000)
Finance costs                                                                   3(d)       (860,236)           (702,303)
Share of losses of associates                                                  13(c)              –                 (742)
Share of losses of joint ventures                                              13(b)           (128)             (69,592)
Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                     3           29,125         (1,231,331)
Income tax expense                                                                4          (18,848)            (36,077)
Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                          10,277         (1,267,408)
Earnings/(loss) per share                                                         7
Basic                                                                                       0.8 cents       (96.7) cents
Diluted                                                                                     0.7 cents       (96.7) cents




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividend payable to equity shareholders
of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 28(b).



146 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                             For the year ended 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                       10,277           (1,267,408)
Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
   of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                                        10,422              (14,750)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                                   106                 (326)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations transferred
   to consolidated income statement upon disposal                                                       –              1,051
Other comprehensive income for the year                                                          10,528              (14,025)
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                             20,805           (1,281,433)




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 147
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                     2024         2023
                                                        Note        $’000        $’000
Non-current assets
Goodwill                                                    9    7,816,507    7,816,507
Intangible assets                                         10     2,367,621    2,775,801
Property, plant and equipment                             11     3,132,945    3,418,992
Right-of-use assets                                     11(b)      628,457      689,568
Customer acquisition and retention costs                15(b)      464,954      464,533
Interest in associates                                  13(c)            –        4,332
Interests in joint ventures                             13(b)            –        6,284
Deferred tax assets                                       26       137,853       66,674
Other non-current assets                                  14        56,023       72,289
                                                                14,604,360   15,314,980
Current assets
Inventories                                             15(a)      106,197      105,681
Trade receivables                                         17       969,297      909,394
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments               17       516,316      465,921
Contract assets                                         16(a)      255,073      315,420
Amounts due from joint ventures                           22           183        5,663
Cash and cash equivalents                                 18     1,217,406    1,016,769
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     27             –       13,777
                                                                 3,064,472    2,832,625




148 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                         At 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                            Note              $’000                $’000
Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                                19           945,879              927,666
Other payables and accrued charges — current portion                          19           950,361              869,699
Contract liabilities — current portion                                      16(b)          606,612              573,977
Deposits received                                                                           99,178               83,277
Amounts due to associates                                                         22             –                4,332
Amounts due to joint ventures                                                     22        14,877               10,000
Bank and other borrowings                                                         20       272,601              284,861
Lease liabilities — current portion                                               21       145,580              150,910
Tax payable                                                                       25       159,662              193,843
Other current liabilities                                                         23        10,588               13,575
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                        27        29,990                    –
                                                                                         3,235,328            3,112,140
Net current liabilities                                                                    (170,856)            (279,515)
Total assets less current liabilities                                                   14,433,504           15,035,465
Non-current liabilities
Other payables and accrued charges — long-term portion                        19                 –               18,000
Contract liabilities — long-term portion                                    16(b)          177,301              160,162
Deferred tax liabilities                                                      26           593,204              684,672
Lease liabilities — long-term portion                                         21           348,542              385,105
Provision for reinstatement costs                                                           55,191               54,003
Bank and other borrowings                                                         20    10,705,002           10,671,853
Other non-current liabilities                                                     23             –               10,588
                                                                                        11,879,240           11,984,383
NET ASSETS                                                                               2,554,264            3,051,082
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                                     28           132                  132
Reserves                                                                                 2,554,132            3,050,950
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             2,554,264            3,051,082


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 October 2024.

                                            )
                                            )
Chu Kwong YEUNG                             )
                                                    Directors
                                            )
                                            )
Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                          )




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 149
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                               Vendor
                                                        Share       Share        Loan        Capital        Other     Retained     Exchange
                                                       capital   premium        Notes        reserve      reserve       profits      reserve        Total
                                             Note       $’000       $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000
Balance at 1 September 2022                               132     427,882    2,349,204       40,803       596,420     1,527,522      (17,880)   4,924,083

Changes in equity for the year ended
  31 August 2023:

Loss for the year                                           –           –            –            –             –    (1,267,408)           –    (1,267,408)
Exchange differences on translation of
  financial statements of subsidiaries
  outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                    –           –            –            –             –             –      (14,750)      (14,750)
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                             –           –            –            –             –             –         (326)         (326)
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations transferred to
  consolidated income statement
  upon disposal                                             –           –            –            –             –             –        1,051        1,051
Total comprehensive income                                  –           –            –            –             –    (1,267,408)     (14,025)   (1,281,433)
Dividend approved in respect of the
  previous year                            28(b)(ii)        –    (262,320)           –            –             –             –            –     (262,320)
Dividend declared to equity shareholders
  of the Company in respect of the
  current year                             28(b)(i)         –     (98,634)           –            –             –      (163,686)           –     (262,320)
Distribution to holders of
  Vendor Loan Notes                                         –     (66,928)           –            –             –             –            –       (66,928)
Balance at 31 August 2023                                 132           –    2,349,204       40,803       596,420        96,428      (31,905)   3,051,082




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements.



150 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                           Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                              For the year ended 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                      Retained
                                                                                Vendor                                 profits/
                                                          Share       Share       Loan       Capital        Other (Accumulated      Exchange
                                                         capital   premium       Notes       reserve      reserve       losses)       reserve      Total
                                               Note       $’000       $’000      $’000         $’000        $’000        $’000          $’000      $’000
Balance at 1 September 2023                                132            –   2,349,204      40,803      596,420          96,428     (31,905) 3,051,082

Changes in equity for the year
  ended 31 August 2024:

Profit for the year                                           –           –           –            –            –         10,277           –     10,277
Exchange differences on translation of
  financial statements of subsidiaries
  outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                      –           –           –            –            –              –      10,422     10,422
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                               –           –           –            –            –              –         106        106
Total comprehensive income                                    –           –           –            –            –         10,277      10,528     20,805
Dividend approved in respect of the
  previous year                              28(b)(ii)        –           –           –            –            –       (262,320)           –   (262,320)
Dividend declared to equity shareholders
  of the Company in respect of the
  current year                               28(b)(i)         –           –           –            –            –       (196,740)          –    (196,740)
Distribution to holders of
  Vendor Loan Notes                                           –           –           –            –            –        (58,563)          –     (58,563)
Balance at 31 August 2024                                  132            –   2,349,204      40,803      596,420        (410,918)    (21,377) 2,554,264




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                    HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 151
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31 August 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                      2024          2023
                                                                         Note        $’000         $’000
Operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                           18(b)   2,274,122     2,221,539
Tax paid:
— Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                      (207,768)     (227,640)
— Tax paid outside Hong Kong                                                         (8,328)     (11,020)
— Tax refunded outside Hong Kong                                                        441            –
Net cash generated from operating activities                                     2,058,467     1,982,879
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                         (362,711)     (489,391)
Payment for the purchase of intangible assets                                         (157)             –
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                    781          1,181
Proceeds from sale of associates                                                         –         68,961
Net cash outflow in respect of deemed disposal of a subsidiary                        (155)             –
Shareholder loan to associates                                                           –          6,039
Payment for investment in a joint venture                                                –        (58,761)
Interest received                                                                    9,625          7,647
Net cash used in investing activities                                             (352,617)     (464,324)
Financing activities
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                    18(c)    (153,146)     (153,223)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                   18(c)      (22,861)      (20,853)
Proceeds from bank loans                                                 18(c)     247,074       253,809
Proceeds from other borrowings                                           18(c)       17,925             –
Repayment of bank loans                                                  18(c)    (253,809)     (508,388)
Repayment of other borrowings                                            18(c)      (30,080)      (39,316)
Repayment of other liabilities                                           18(c)      (14,043)      (14,042)
Payment of originating fee for banking facilities amendment              18(c)      (25,470)            –
Interest paid on bank and other borrowings and interest-rate swap        18(c)    (751,030)     (552,634)
Dividend paid to the equity shareholders of the Company                           (459,060)     (524,640)
Dividend paid to the holders of Vendor Loan Notes                                   (58,563)      (66,928)
Net cash used in financing activities                                            (1,503,063)   (1,626,215)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               202,787      (107,660)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                   18(a)   1,016,769     1,129,226

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              (2,150)       (4,797)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                         18(a)   1,217,406     1,016,769




The notes on pages 153 to 233 form part of these financial statements.



152 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies

    (a)   Statement of compliance
          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong
          Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and accounting principles generally accepted in
          Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial
          statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
          Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Accounting policies adopted by the Group are
          disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption
          for the current accounting period of the Group and the Company. Note 1(c) provides information on any
          changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they
          are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 August 2024 comprise the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in joint ventures and associates.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
          that the following assets and liabilities as explained in the accounting policies set out as below:

          —    financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial instruments (see note 1(g));
               and

          —    share-based payments (see note 1(r)(iv)).

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
          judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
          assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
          experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
          of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
          readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
          estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
          or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial
          statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 35.

          Going concern assumption
          As at 31 August 2024, the current liabilities of the Group exceeded their current assets by approximately $171
          million. Included in the current liabilities were (i) current portion of contract liabilities of $607 million
          recognised under HKFRS 15 which will be gradually reduced through performance obligations being satisfied
          over the contract terms and (ii) current portion of lease liabilities of $146 million recognised under HKFRS 16
          relating to leases with a lease term of more than 12 months and with a corresponding asset recorded in the
          non-current assets as right-of-use assets.

                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 153
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
            Going concern assumption (continued)
            As of 31 August 2024, the Group had bank and other borrowings totalling $10,978 million, with a principal
            amount of $5,250 million due on 24 November 2025, which is more than 12 months after the date of the
            approval of the financial statements thus is disclosed as non-current liability on the statement of financial
            position. The Group is currently in the process of refinancing the bank borrowings due on 24 November 2025
            (see note 30(b)). Management of the Group anticipates that the net cash inflows from their operations,
            together with the ability to draw down from bank loan facilities, would be sufficient to enable the Group to
            meet their liabilities as and when they fall due. Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements have
            been prepared on a going concern basis.

      (c)   Change in accounting policies
            (i) New and amended HKFRSs
                The Group has applied the following new and amended HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these
                financial statements for the current accounting period:

                  —      HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts

                  —      Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors:
                         Definition of accounting estimates

                  —      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2,
                         Making materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies

                  —      Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from
                         a single transaction

                  —      Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform — Pillar Two model rules

                  The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
                  accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the amended HKFRSs which are relevant to the Group’s
                  financial statements are discussed below:

                  Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors:
                  Definition of accounting estimates
                  The amendments provide further guidance on the distinction between changes in accounting policies
                  and changes in accounting estimates. The amendments do not have a material impact on these
                  financial statements as the Group’s approach in distinguishing changes in accounting policies and
                  changes in accounting estimates is consistent with the amendments.




154 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (c)   Change in accounting policies (continued)
          (i) New and amended HKFRSs (continued)
              Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2,
              Making materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies
              The amendments require entities to disclose material accounting policy information and provide
              guidance on applying the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosure. The Group has
              revisited the accounting policy information it has been disclosing and considered it is consistent with
              the amendments.

               Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from
               a single transaction
               The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption such that it does not apply to
               transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences on initial recognition such as
               leases and decommissioning liabilities. For leases and decommissioning liabilities, the associated
               deferred tax assets and liabilities are required to be recognised from the beginning of the earliest
               comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to retained
               earnings or other components of equity at that date. For all other transactions, the amendments are
               applied to those transactions that occur after the beginning of the earliest period presented. There was
               no material impact on the disclosure of components of deferred tax assets and liabilities in note 26 as
               no significant temporary difference was arising from the right-of-use assets and liabilities.

               Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform — Pillar Two model rules
               The amendments introduce a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the
               income tax arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model
               rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) (income
               tax arising from such tax laws is hereafter referred to as “Pillar Two income taxes”), including tax laws
               that implement qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules. The amendments
               also introduce disclosure requirements about such tax including the estimated tax exposure to Pillar
               Two income taxes. The amendments are immediately effective upon issuance and require retrospective
               application.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 155
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
            rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
            through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held
            by the Group and other parties) are considered.

            An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
            control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
            any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
            financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
            as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

            Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the
            Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those
            interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those
            interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect
            to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
            share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

            Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
            separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in
            the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated income statement and the
            consolidated statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total
            comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the
            Company.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
            equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
            interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to
            goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
            subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
            subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
            value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
            investment in a joint venture or an associate (see note 1(e)).

            In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
            impairment losses (see note 1(k)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
            group that is classified as held for sale).




156 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (e)   Associates and joint ventures
          An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
          control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to
          share control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

          An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
          under the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
          classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for
          any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over
          the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in
          the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see notes
          1(f) and (k)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results
          of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated income statement,
          whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive
          income is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture, the Group’s interest is
          reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has
          incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the
          Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s
          long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture.

          Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint
          venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
          provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in
          profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
          not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it
          is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
          recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence
          or joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial
          recognition of a financial asset.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 157
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (f)   Business combination and goodwill
            The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combination. The consideration
            transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred
            to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration
            transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration
            arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business
            combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
            controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-
            controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
            Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
            date. Contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively,
            with the corresponding adjustments made against goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are
            adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which cannot
            exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

            Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability
            is recognised in accordance with HKFRS 9 either in profit or loss or as a change to other comprehensive
            income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent
            settlement is accounted for within equity.

            Goodwill represents the excess of

            (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                   interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree;
                   over

            (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

            When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
            purchase.

            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is
            allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from
            the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 1(k)).

            On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is
            included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.




158 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (g)   Derivative financial instruments and other investments in debt and equity securities
          (i)  Derivative financial instruments
               Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value. At the end of each reporting period
               the fair value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately
               in profit or loss.

          (ii)   Investments other than equity investments
                 Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement
                 categories:

                 —    amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                      represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is
                      calculated using the effective interest method (see note 1(u)(vii)).

                 —    fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) — recycling, if the contractual cash flows
                      of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held
                      within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash
                      flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for
                      the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the
                      effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is
                      derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to
                      profit or loss.

                 —    fair value at profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at
                      amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest)
                      are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 159
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (h)   Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment, comprising cable, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and fittings,
            telecommunications, computer and office equipment, motor vehicles and right-of-use assets arising from (i)
            leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered owner of the property interest, (ii)
            interests in leasehold land where the Group is the registered owner of the property interest, and (iii)
            telecommunication facilities and computer equipment, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
            accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(k)(iii)).

            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
            residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            —     The Group’s interests in buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the
                  unexpired term of lease and their estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after the date of
                  completion
            —     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired term of the lease and their
                  estimated useful lives
            —     Leasehold land is depreciated over the unexpired term of lease
            —     Cable                                                                                        5–25 years
            —     Furniture, fixtures and fittings                                                              4–5 years
            —     Telecommunications, computer and office equipment                                            4–25 years
            —     Motor vehicles                                                                                4–5 years
            —     Investment properties are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired term of lease and their
                  estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after the date of completion

            Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
            allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
            life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

            Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
            determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are
            recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

            Major costs incurred in restoring property, plant and equipment to their normal working condition are
            charged to profit or loss. Major improvements are capitalised and depreciated over their expected useful
            lives to the Group.




160 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
          Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the
          estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 1(k)(iii)).

          Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis or
          diminishing balance method or unit of production method over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The major
          intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised from the date of acquisition and their estimated useful
          lives are as follows:

          —    Customer relationship — FTNS business                                                               14–18 years
          —    Customer relationship — International telecommunications services (“IDD”) business                      14 years
          —    Customer relationship — Broadband wireless (“Wi-Fi”) connectivity business                              18 years
          —    Customers relationship — Cloud services                                                                  7 years
          —    Customers relationship — IT business                                                                 7–18 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “HKBN” & “WTT” for FTNS business                                              11–20 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “IDD0030”, “IDD1666”, “IDD007” & “IDD1507” for IDD business                   11–14 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “Y5Zone” for Wi-Fi business                                                       20 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “ICG” for Cloud services                                                          11 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “WTT” for IT business                                                             11 years
          —    Brand and trademark — “JOS” for IT business                                                             11 years
          —    Backlog                                                                                              1.5–6 years

          Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

          Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that
          the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
          circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the
          change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of
          change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out
          above.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 161
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (j)   Leased assets
            At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
            contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
            in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of
            the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

            (i)   As a lessee
                  Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected
                  not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated
                  non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                  At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
                  for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which,
                  for the Group are primarily photocopiers. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value
                  asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                  associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic
                  basis over the lease term.

                  Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                  payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
                  rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition,
                  the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective
                  interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in
                  the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period
                  in which they are incurred.

                  The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                  comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                  commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-
                  use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore
                  the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease
                  incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment losses (see notes 1(h) and 1(k)(iii)).

                  The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change
                  in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable
                  under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the
                  Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the
                  lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of
                  the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has
                  been reduced to zero.




162 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                       Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (j)   Leased assets (continued)
          (i)  As a lessee (continued)
               The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration
               for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not
               accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised
               lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.
               The only exceptions are any rent concessions which arose as a direct consequence of the COVID-19
               pandemic and which satisfied the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such
               cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess whether the rent
               concessions are lease modifications, and recognised the change in consideration as negative variable
               lease payments in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the rent
               concessions occurred.

                  The Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the statement of financial
                  position.

                  In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
                  determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                  months after the reporting period.

          (ii)    As a lessor
                  When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease
                  or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
                  rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the
                  lease is classified as an operating lease.

                  When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                  operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 1(u).

          (iii)   Sale and leaseback transactions
                  A sale and leaseback transaction involves the sale of an asset by the Group and the leasing of the same
                  asset back to the Group. The lease payments and the sale price are usually interdependent as they are
                  negotiated as a package. Sale and leaseback arrangements that result in substantially all of the risks and
                  rewards of ownership of assets being transferred to the lessor are accounted for as operating leases.
                  Any excess of sales proceeds over the carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss as gain on
                  disposal, if the sales prices and lease back arrangements for these transactions are determined based
                  on the prevailing market prices. Payments made under operating leases are charged to profit or loss on
                  a straight-line basis over the lease periods.




                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 163
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets
            (i)  Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other receivables, deposits
                 and prepayments), contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 1(m)) and lease receivables.

                  Measurement of ECLs
                  ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                  value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                  accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                  The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                  discounting is material:

                  —      trade receivables, other receivables, deposits and prepayments and contract assets: effective
                         interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                  —      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                  —      lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable.

                  The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                  the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                  In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is
                  available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions
                  and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                  ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                  —      12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within
                         the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                  —      lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                         expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                  Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
                  lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the
                  Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
                  assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                  For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                  unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                  recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




164 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (i)  Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (continued)
               Significant increases in credit risk
               In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
               recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
               the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the
               Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations
               to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
               the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
               information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
               information that is available without undue cost or effort.

               In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
               increased significantly since initial recognition:

               —     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

               —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                     rating (if available);

               —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

               —     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                     have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

               Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit
               risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed
               on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics,
               such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

               ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
               since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in
               profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
               corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 165
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
            (i)  Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (continued)
                 Basis of calculation of interest income
                 Interest income recognised in accordance with note 1(u)(vi) is calculated based on the gross carrying
                 amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income
                 is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the
                 financial asset.

                  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset
                  is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
                  flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                  Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                  —      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                  —      a breach of contract such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;

                  —      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                         reorganisation; or

                  —      significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                         adverse effect on the debtor.

                  Write-off policy
                  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) to
                  the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                  determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                  cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                  Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                  impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




166 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
               Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments
               to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs because a
               specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

               Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised within “trade and other payables” at fair value,
               which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for similar services,
               when such information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the actual rates
               charged by lenders when the guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that lenders would
               have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of such information can
               be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the
               consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s policies applicable to that category of asset.
               Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is recognised in profit or
               loss on initial recognition of any deferred income.

               Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in
               profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.

               The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and recognises a
               provision when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the amount carried
               in “trade and other payables” in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially recognised, less
               accumulated amortisation).

               To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified debtor since the
               issuance of the guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will
               default has increased significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is
               measured. The same definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk
               as described in note 1(k)(i) apply.

               As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in
               accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the
               expected (payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the
               Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The
               amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 167
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
            (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets
                  Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                  indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment
                  loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

                  —      property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

                  —      intangible assets;

                  —      customer acquisition and retention costs;

                  —      goodwill;

                  —      investment in associates and joint ventures; and

                  —      investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                  If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill,
                  intangible assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives,
                  the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

                  —      Calculation of recoverable amount
                         The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                         in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                         value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                         money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                         independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                         group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                  —      Recognition of impairment losses
                         An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                         generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
                         recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
                         any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                         carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that
                         the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of
                         disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).




168 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets (continued)
                —    Reversals of impairment losses
                     In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a
                     favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment
                     loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                      A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                      determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment
                      losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

          (iv)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                 Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                 Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                 reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                 Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of
                 the financial year (see notes 1(k)(i) and (ii)).

                 Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a
                 subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had
                 the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

    (l)   Inventories and other contract costs
          (i)  Inventories
               Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                 Cost is calculated using the first in, first out cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase and other
                 costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

                 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                 costs necessary to make the sale.

                 When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the
                 period in which the related revenue is recognised.

                 The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
                 recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of
                 any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as
                 an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 169
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (l)   Inventories and other contract costs (continued)
            (ii) Other contract costs
                 Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the
                 costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see note 1(l)(i)), other
                 property, plant and equipment (see note 1(h)) or intangible assets (see note 1(i)).

                  Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
                  a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained e.g. an incremental
                  sales commission. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs
                  relate to revenue which will be recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be
                  recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.

                  Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a
                  specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide
                  goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an
                  existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct
                  materials, allocations of costs, costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that
                  are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract (for example, payments to sub-
                  contractors). Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, other property,
                  plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

                  Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
                  Impairment losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract cost asset
                  exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange
                  for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any costs that relate directly to providing
                  those goods or services that have not yet been recognised as expenses.

                  Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the
                  asset relates is recognised. The accounting policy for revenue recognition is set out in note 1(u).

      (m)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
            A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 1(u)) before being
            unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets
            are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(k)(i) and are reclassified to receivables
            when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note 1(n)).

            A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
            related revenue (see note 1(u)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional
            right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a
            corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 1(n)).

            For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
            multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
            basis.

            When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
            under the effective interest method (see note 1(k)(i)).

170 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (n)   Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to
          receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
          consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
          consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see note 1(m)).

          Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses
          (see note 1(k)(i)).

    (o)   Interest-bearing borrowings
          Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
          recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
          Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
          note 1(x)).

    (p)   Trade and other payables
          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Except for financial guarantee liabilities
          measured in accordance with note 1(k)(ii), trade and other payables are subsequently stated at amortised cost
          unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amount.

    (q)   Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
          months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of
          the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
          purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECLs in
          accordance with the policy set out in note 1(k)(i).

    (r)   Talent benefits
          (i)  Short term Talent benefits
               Salaries, paid annual leave and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the
               associated services are rendered by Talents. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect
               would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

          (ii)    Profit sharing and bonus plans
                  Provisions for profit sharing and bonus plans are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
                  constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by Talents and a reliable estimate of the
                  obligation can be made.

          (iii)   Retirement benefit costs
                  The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement schemes which are available to certain
                  Talents. Contributions to the schemes by the Group are calculated as a percentage of Talents’ basic
                  salaries and charged to profit or loss. The Group’s contributions are reduced by contributions forfeited
                  by those Talents who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in the contributions.

                  The assets of the scheme are held in an independently administered fund that is separated from the
                  Group’s assets.
                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 171
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (r)   Talent benefits (continued)
            (iv) Share-based payments
                 (a) Equity-settled share-based payments
                      The fair value of Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) granted to Talents of the Group in Hong Kong
                      under the Co-Ownership Plan II is recognised as a Talent cost with a corresponding increase in a
                      capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date using the binomial lattice
                      model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the RSUs were granted. Where
                      the Talents have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the
                      RSUs, the total estimated fair value of the RSUs is spread over the vesting period, taking into
                      account the probability that the RSUs will vest.

                         During the vesting period, the number of RSUs that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting
                         adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the profit
                         or loss for the year of the review, unless the original Talent expenses qualify for recognition as an
                         asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                         recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of RSUs that vest (with a
                         corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not
                         achieving vesting conditions that relate to the service condition. The equity amount is recognised
                         in the capital reserve until the RSUs are vested (when it is included in the amount recognised in
                         share premium for the shares vested).

                  (b)    Cash-settled share-based payments
                         The fair value of the amount payable to Talents of the Group in the People’s Republic of China
                         (the “PRC”) in respect of RSUs under the Co-Ownership Plan II, which are to be settled in cash and
                         based on the price of the equity instruments of the Company, is recognised as a Talent cost with a
                         corresponding increase in liabilities. Where the Talents have to meet vesting conditions before
                         becoming unconditionally entitled to payment, the total estimated fair value of the RSUs is spread
                         over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the RSUs will vest. The liability is
                         remeasured at the end of each reporting period and at settlement date. Any changes in the fair
                         value of the liability are recognised as Talent costs in profit or loss.

                  (c)    Share-based payments among group entities
                         In the Company’s statement of financial position, the Company recognises the fair value of the
                         RSUs granted by the Company to the subsidiaries as a capital contribution to the subsidiaries with
                         an increase in its investments in the subsidiaries. The Company recognises the reimbursement by
                         the subsidiaries of this capital contribution by recognising a recharge asset and a corresponding
                         adjustment (credit) to the carrying amount of the investments in the subsidiaries.




172 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (s)   Income tax
          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current
          tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent
          that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the
          relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
          substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
          previous years.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
          the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
          their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

          The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
          liabilities and right-of-use assets.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
          differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can
          be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
          differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in
          full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based
          on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
          reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
          realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

          The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
          arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect
          neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary
          differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the
          Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
          foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the
          future.

          The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
          settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
          enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

          The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to
          the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax
          benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient
          taxable profits will be available.

          Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay
          the related dividends is recognised.

                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 173
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (s)   Income tax (continued)
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
            other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
            against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

            —      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a
                   net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

            —      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same
                   taxation authority on either:

                   —     the same taxable entity; or

                   —     different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                         liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                         and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

      (t)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
            (i)  Contingent liabilities assumed in business combinations
                 Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination which are present obligations at the date of
                 acquisition are initially recognised at fair value, provided the fair value can be reliably measured. After
                 their initial recognition at fair value, such contingent liabilities are recognised at the higher of the
                 amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation where appropriate, and the amount that
                 would be determined in accordance with note 1(t)(ii).

            (ii)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                   Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the
                   Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an
                   outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                   made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the
                   expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

                   Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                   estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
                   of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                   occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                   unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




174 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (u)   Revenue and other income
          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services
          or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

          Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee has
          the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
          entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or
          other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
          customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
          discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
          customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract
          contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue
          recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
          effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of
          financing is 12 months or less.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)     Revenue for the provision of international telecommunications and fixed telecommunications
                  network service
                  Revenue is recognised over time on the basis of units of traffic/data processed and/or contracted fees
                  for telecommunications services that have been provided and based on the relative fair value of the
                  services rendered. Tariff-free period granted to customers are recognised in profit or loss rateably over
                  the term of the service subscription agreement. Amount received in advance for the provision of
                  services is deferred and included under contract liabilities and subsequently recognised as revenue over
                  the related service period.

                  Revenue from international telecommunications and fixed telecommunications services was recognised
                  on a similar basis in the comparative period.

          (ii)    Revenue from contracts with customers for fibre construction
                  Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the
                  amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled.

          (iii)   Product revenue
                  Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the goods. If the goods are
                  a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue
                  recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated
                  between all the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price
                  basis.

                  Revenue for sale of goods was recognised on a similar basis in the comparative period.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 175
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (u)   Revenue and other income (continued)
            (iv) Revenue from system integration services
                 Revenue from a fixed price contract is recognised using the percentage of completion method,
                 measured by reference to the percentage of contract costs incurred to date to estimated total contract
                 costs for the contract. When the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is
                 recognised only to the extent that it is probable the contract costs incurred will be recoverable.
                 Accumulated experience is used to estimate the variable consideration to the extent that it is highly
                 probable that a significant reversal will not occur, using the expected value method, to be included in
                 the transaction price.

                   If at any time the costs to complete the contract are estimated to exceed the remaining amount of the
                   consideration under the contract, then a provision is recognised in accordance with the policy set out in
                   note 1(t)(ii).

            (v)    Rental income from operating leases
                   Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over
                   the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
                   pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                   recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.
                   Contingent rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

            (vi)   Dividends
                   Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder’s right to receive
                   payment is established.

            (vii) Interest income
                  Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.




176 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Material accounting policies (continued)

    (v)   Research and development costs
          Research and development costs of new services and enhancements to existing services are charged to profit
          or loss as incurred.

    (w)   Translation of foreign currencies
          The Group’s functional currency is Hong Kong dollars. Foreign currency transactions during the year are
          translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities
          denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the
          reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.

          Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
          translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign
          exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

          The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
          the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items,
          including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars
          at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences
          are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange
          reserve.

          On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
          foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

    (x)   Borrowing costs
          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
          necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
          of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

    (y)   Related parties
          (a) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

               (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

               (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

               (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 177
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     Material accounting policies (continued)

      (y)   Related parties (continued)
            (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                  (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                          subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                  (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                          member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                  (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                  (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                  (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                          an entity related to the Group.

                  (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                  (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                  (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                         services to the Group.

            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
            influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

      (z)   Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
            position where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amount and there is an intention
            to settle on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

      (aa) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
           identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
           management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
           various lines of business and geographical locations.

            Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
            segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
            services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
            the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
            which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.




178 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2   Revenue and segment reporting

    The principal activities of the Group are (i) provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international
    telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii) system
    integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and software,
    telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.

    (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
          Revenue represents revenue from (i) fixed telecommunications network services, international
          telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii)
          system integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and
          software, telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.

          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major categories is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                   $’000                $’000
                Disaggregated by major products or service lines:
                Fixed telecommunications network services                                     4,574,694            4,670,790
                International telecommunications services                                     1,071,683            1,117,214
                Other services                                                                  350,362              368,288
                Fees from provision of telecommunications services                            5,996,739            6,156,292
                Product revenue                                                               3,478,486            4,474,348
                Technology solution and consultancy services                                  1,175,697            1,061,536
                Revenue from contracts with customers within
                  the scope of HKFRS 15                                                     10,650,922            11,692,176
                Disaggregated by major categories:
                Residential Solutions revenue                                                 2,344,060            2,392,820
                Enterprise Solutions revenue                                                  4,828,376            4,825,008
                Enterprise Solutions related products revenue                                 1,846,125            1,934,378
                Handset and other products revenue                                            1,632,361            2,539,970
                                                                                            10,650,922            11,692,176


                During the years ended 31 August 2024 and 2023, product revenue is recognised at a point-in-time and
                revenue from the provision of telecommunications services is substantially recognised over time.

                One customer of the Group contributed 14.5% of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended 31
                August 2024 (2023: 20.9%).




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 179
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (a)   Disaggregation of revenue (continued)
            (ii) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                 existence at the reporting date
                 As at 31 August 2024, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                 performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is $5,263,589,000 (2023: $5,217,446,000).
                 This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future from contracts for products or
                 services entered into by the customers with the Group. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
                 in future when or as the service is performed or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur
                 over the next 1 to 25 years (2023: 1 to 11 years).

      (b)   Segment reporting
            The Group’s most senior executive management reviews the Group’s internal reporting for the purposes of
            assessing the performance and allocates the resources of the Group by geographical location. In a manner
            consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
            management for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented
            the following two reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following
            reportable segments.

            (i)    Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
                   Include provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international telecommunications
                   services, mobile services to residential and enterprise customers and technology-related services in
                   Hong Kong.

            (ii)   Telecom and technology solutions (non-Hong Kong)
                   Include the provision of telecommunications and technology solutions and consultancy services in
                   mainland China and Macao.




180 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (iii) Segment results, assets and liabilities
                The Group’s senior executive management monitors the performance attributable to each reportable
                segment on the following basis:

               The segment revenue of the Group is based on geographical location of customers. Income and
               expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated by those
               segments and expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arisen from the depreciation or
               amortisation of assets attributable to those segments. The inter-segment transactions are conducted on
               normal commercial terms and are priced with reference to prevailing market prices and in the ordinary
               course of business.

               The performance measure used for reportable segment profit is earnings before finance costs, interest
               income, income tax, depreciation, amortisation of intangibles assets (net of direct cost incurred),
               impairment on goodwill, amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs.

               In addition to receiving segment information concerning the reportable segment profit, management is
               provided with segment information concerning inter segment sales, interest income and expense from
               cash balances and borrowings managed directly by the segments, depreciation, amortisation, capital
               expenditures and income tax.

               Inter-segment sales are priced with reference to prices charged to external parties for similar orders.

               Segment assets and liabilities of the Group are not reported to the Group’s chief operating decision
               makers regularly. As a result, reportable assets and liabilities have not been presented in these financial
               statements.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 181
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
            (iii) Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)
                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition, as well as
                  information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior
                  executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
                  performance for the years ended 31 August 2024 and 2023 is set out below.

                                                              Telecom and                  Telecom and
                                                          technology solutions         technology solutions
                                                              (Hong Kong)                (non-Hong Kong)                   Total
                                                                 2024         2023         2024           2023          2024             2023
                                                                $’000        $’000        $’000          $’000         $’000            $’000
                  Reportable segment revenue             9,663,382      10,698,859    1,318,075      1,328,866    10,981,457       12,027,725
                  Inter-segment revenue                    (33,459)        (39,007)    (297,076)      (296,542)     (330,535)        (335,549)
                  Revenue from external customers        9,629,923      10,659,852    1,020,999      1,032,324    10,650,922       11,692,176
                  Disaggregated by timing
                     of revenue recognition
                  Point in time                          2,645,384       3,604,800     833,102         869,548     3,478,486        4,474,348
                  Over time                              6,984,539       7,055,052     187,897         162,776     7,172,436        7,217,828
                  Revenue from external customers        9,629,923      10,659,852    1,020,999      1,032,324    10,650,922       11,692,176
                  Reportable segment profit              2,286,894       2,146,875      74,150          75,717     2,361,044        2,222,592
                  Interest income                               8,057        7,560        1,568          1,293        9,625             8,853
                  Finance costs                               858,661      700,309        1,575          1,994      860,236           702,303
                  Impairment on goodwill                            –    1,200,000            –              –            –         1,200,000
                  Depreciation and amortisation
                     during the year                     1,500,071       1,571,345      23,318          31,209     1,523,389        1,602,554
                  Addition to property, plant and
                     equipment                                387,468     400,218         3,535          3,146      391,003          403,364
                  Income tax expenses                           9,166      24,586         9,682         11,491       18,848           36,077




182 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (iv) Reconciliation between segment profit derived from Group’s external customers and consolidated
               profit/(loss) before taxation

                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                Reportable segment profit derived from
                   Group’s external customers                                                2,361,044             2,222,592
                Finance costs                                                                 (860,236)             (702,303)
                Interest income                                                                  9,625                 8,853
                Depreciation                                                                  (840,828)             (900,820)
                Amortisation of intangible assets                                             (366,258)             (384,727)
                Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs                      (274,222)             (274,926)
                Impairment on goodwill                                                               –            (1,200,000)
                Consolidated profit/(loss) before taxation                                      29,125            (1,231,331)


          (v)   Geographic information
                The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from
                external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible
                assets, goodwill, customer acquisition and retention costs, contract assets, interests in joint ventures
                and associates and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location
                of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods delivered. The
                geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset,
                in the case of property, plant and equipment, the location of the operation to which they are allocated,
                in the case of right-of-use assets, intangible assets, goodwill, customer acquisition and retention costs,
                contract assets and other non-current assets and the location of operations, in the case of interests in
                joint ventures and associates and loan to associates.

                                                                                                 Revenues from
                                                                                               external customers
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                Hong Kong (place of domicile)                                                9,629,923           10,659,852
                Mainland China                                                                 590,620              656,716
                Macao                                                                          430,379              375,608
                                                                                             1,020,999            1,032,324
                                                                                           10,650,922            11,692,176


                The majority of the specified non-current assets were located in Hong Kong.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 183
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Profit/(loss) before taxation

      Profit/(loss) before taxation is arrived at after (crediting)/charging:



                                                                                                                     2024         2023
                                                                                                                    $’000        $’000
      (a)    Other net income
             Interest income                                                                                        (9,625)      (8,853)
             Net foreign exchange loss                                                                               7,117        2,460
             Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                                               (22,381)         (584)
             Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets, net                                                                –         (888)
             Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                        3,715            –
             Gain on disposal of associates                                                                              –       (6,264)
             Other income                                                                                           (3,435)      (6,051)
                                                                                                                  (24,609)      (20,180)
      (b)    Other operating expenses
             Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                   26,870        61,734
             Depreciation
               — Property, plant and equipment                                                                   676,389       714,198
               — Right-of-use assets                                                                             163,843       184,714
             Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and
               contract assets (note 30(a))                                                                        56,765        66,786
             Talent costs (note 3(c))                                                                           1,066,852     1,217,586
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                    366,258       384,727
             Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs (note 15(b))                                274,222       274,926
             Others                                                                                               493,165       541,360
               — Rental and utilities                                                                              50,884        63,481
               — Site expenses                                                                                     75,061        86,946
               — Bank handling charges                                                                             36,123        37,174
               — Maintenance                                                                                       85,269       120,467
               — Subscription and license fees                                                                    106,527       109,064
               — Legal and professional fees                                                                       36,378        33,173
               — Printing, telecommunication and logistics expenses                                                34,032        36,506
               — Others                                                                                            68,891        54,549

                                                                                                                3,124,364     3,446,031

      #
            Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.




184 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3   Profit/(loss) before taxation (continued)

                                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                                          $’000                   $’000
    (c)    Talent costs
           Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                      1,391,834                1,540,648
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                                                      97,484                  113,716
                                                                                                                   1,489,318                1,654,364
           Less: Talent costs capitalised as property, plant and equipment                                            (48,414)                 (51,149)
                 Talent costs capitalised as customer acquisition and retention costs                               (134,907)                (125,643)
                 Talent costs included in network costs and costs of sales                                          (239,145)                (259,986)
                                                                                                                   1,066,852                1,217,586
    (d)    Finance costs
           Interest and finance charges on bank loans                                                                 833,130                  681,096
           Interest on other borrowings                                                                                 2,709                     4,283
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                               22,861                    20,853
           Interest on other liabilities                                                                                  468                       829
           Originating fee for banking facilities amendment                                                                 –                    25,470
           Fair value loss/(gain) on interest-rate swaps                                                                1,068                   (30,228)
                                                                                                                      860,236                  702,303
    (e)    Other items
           Amortisation of intangible assets (note 10)                                                                408,339                  426,808
           Depreciation
             — Property, plant and equipment (note 11(a))                                                             676,389                  714,198
             — Right-of-use assets (note 11(b))                                                                       164,439                  186,622
           Rental charges
             — Telecommunications facilities and computer equipment                                                   472,427                  514,060
           Lease expenses relating to short-term leases, in respect of:
             — Land and buildings                                                                                       16,317                  11,848
           Auditor’s remuneration
             — Audit services                                                                                          3,598                    6,959
             — Review services                                                                                           400                      785
             — Tax services                                                                                              540                      719
             — Other services                                                                                          1,001                    1,508
           Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets                                     56,765                   66,786
           Impairment on goodwill (note 9)                                                                                 –                1,200,000
           Research and development costs                                                                             28,221                   32,201
           Cost of inventories (note 15)                                                                           3,334,002                4,255,791
           Write down of inventories (note 15)                                                                         7,464                    1,068

    #
          Network costs and costs of sales includes $239,145,000, $595,000 and $42,081,000 for the year ended 31 August 2024 (2023: $259,986,000,
          $1,908,000 and $42,081,000), relating to Talent costs, and depreciation of right-of-use assets and amortisation of intangible assets respectively
          which amount is also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in notes 3(b) and 3(c) for each of these types of
          expenses.




                                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 185
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4     Income tax in the consolidated income statement

      (a)   Taxation in the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
            Current tax — Hong Kong Profits Tax
            Provision for the year                                                            172,612            181,497
            Over-provision in respect of prior years                                             (763)              (907)
            Current tax — Outside Hong Kong
            Provision for the year                                                              10,777              8,366
            (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                     (1,163)            3,133
            Deferred tax
            Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 26)                       (162,615)          (156,012)
            Tax expenses                                                                        18,848             36,077


            The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
            assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is qualifying corporation under
            the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

            For this subsidiary, the first $2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable
            profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the
            same basis in 2023.

            Taxation for subsidiaries outside Hong Kong is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in
            the relevant jurisdictions.

      (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit/(loss) at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
            Profit /(loss) before taxation                                                      29,125         (1,231,331)
            Notional tax on profit/(loss) before taxation, calculated at the rates
              applicable to profits/(loss) in the tax jurisdictions concerned                     3,047          (201,946)
            Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                              145,178            323,173
            Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                     (2,789)            (3,304)
            Adjustment to deferred tax assets previously not recognised                       (125,128)           (84,921)
            Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                         (222)              (186)
            (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                     (1,926)             2,226
            Others                                                                                  688              1,035
            Actual tax expense                                                                  18,848             36,077




186 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



5   Directors’ emoluments

    The Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
    the Group. The Independent Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their services as directors of the
    Company.

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
    the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

                                                                            2024
                                                             Salaries,
                                                          allowances                         Retirement
                                            Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary           scheme
                                                 fees         in kind         bonuses      contributions            Total
                                                $’000          $’000             $’000             $’000            $’000
    Executive directors
    Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                             –           8,290                –              821             9,111
    Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI
      (resigned on 28 February 2024)                –         10,680                 –              290           10,970

    Non-executive directors
    Mr. Liyang ZHANG
     (appointed on 15 June 2023)                    –               –                –                 –                 –
    Mr. Zubin Jamshed IRANI
     (resigned on 15 June 2023)                     –               –                –                 –                 –
    Mr. Agus TANDIONO
     (resigned on 13 September 2023)                –               –                –                 –                 –
    Ms. Shengping Yu                                –               –                –                 –                 –

    Independent non-executive directors
    Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                       653               –                –                 –              653
    Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG
      (appointed on 13 September 2023)            631               –                –                 –              631
    Ms. Cordelia CHUNG
      (appointed on 15 December 2023)             465               –                –                 –              465
    Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG
      (appointed on 13 September 2023)            631               –                –                 –              631
    Mr. Stanley CHOW
      (resigned on 15 December 2023)              190               –                –                 –              190
    Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW
      (resigned on 15 December 2023)              190               –                –                 –              190
    Ms. Edith Manling NGAN
      (appointed on 1 September 2022 and
      resigned on 13 September 2023)               22               –                –                 –               22
                                                2,782         18,970                 –            1,111           22,863




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 187
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



5     Directors’ emoluments (continued)

                                                                                       2023
                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances                       Retirement
                                                      Directors’    and benefits    Discretionary         scheme
                                                           fees          in kind         bonuses    contributions    Total
                                                          $’000            $’000            $’000           $’000    $’000
      Executive directors
      Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                       –         10,440              439          1,082    11,961
      Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI                                        –          7,207              292            730     8,229

      Non-executive directors
      Mr. Liyang ZHANG
       (appointed on 15 June 2023)                              –              –                –              –        –
      Mr. Zubin Jamshed IRANI
       (resigned on 15 June 2023)                               –              –                –              –        –
      Mr. Agus TANDIONO
       (resigned on 13 September 2023)                          –              –                –              –        –
      Ms. Shengping Yu                                          –              –                –              –        –

      Independent non-executive directors
      Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                                 645              –                –              –      645
      Mr. Stanley CHOW                                        645              –                –              –      645
      Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW                                  645              –                –              –      645
      Ms. Edith Manling NGAN
        (appointed on 1 September 2022 and
        resigned on 13 September 2023)                        645              –                –              –      645
                                                          2,580           17,647              731          1,812    22,770


      During the year ended 31 August 2024, salaries, allowance and benefits in kind included $7.3 million paid to a
      director as a compensation for loss of office (2023: Nil). There were no amounts paid or payable to the directors as
      an inducement to join or upon joining the Group (2023: Nil). There was no arrangement under which a director
      waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year ended 31 August 2024 (2023: Nil).




188 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



6   Individuals with highest emoluments

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2023: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed
    in note 5. Except for disclosed in note 5, there was no amount paid or payable to the remaining three individuals as
    an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during the year ended
    31 August 2024 (2023: nil). The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2023: three) individuals
    are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                 $’000                $’000
    Salaries and other emoluments                                                              11,020                11,262
    Performance bonuses                                                                         2,865                   823
    Retirement scheme contributions                                                             1,038                   934
                                                                                               14,923                13,019


    The emoluments of the three (2023: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                                           Number of            Number of
                                                                                           individuals          individuals
    $3,500,001–$4,000,000                                                                             1                    –
    $4,000,001–$4,500,000                                                                             1                    2
    $4,500,001–$5,000,000                                                                             –                    1
    $5,000,001–$5,500,000                                                                             –                    –
    $5,500,001–$6,500,000                                                                             –                    –
    $6,500,001–$7,500,000                                                                             1                    –
                                                                                                      3                    3




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 189
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



7     Earnings/(loss) per share

      (a)   Basic earnings/(loss) per share
            The calculation of basic earnings/(loss) per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
            shareholders of the Company of $10,277,000 (2023: loss of $1,267,408,000) and the weighted average number
            of ordinary shares in issue calculated as follows:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                    ’000               ’000
            Issued ordinary shares at 1 September                                             1,311,599          1,311,599
            Less: unvested shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II RSUs                           (760)              (760)
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year               1,310,839          1,310,839


      (b)   Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
            During the year ended 31 August 2024, the calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit
            attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of $10,277,000 and the weighted average
            number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II after adjusting for the dilutive
            effect of the Company’s Co-Ownership Plan II and the Vendor Loan Notes, calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                                                      ’000
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares less shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II            1,310,839
            Add: effect of the Vendor Loan Notes                                                                  167,322
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                                                1,478,161


            During the year ended 31 August 2023, the diluted loss per share is same as the basic loss per share since the
            Vendor Loan Notes as at 31 August 2023 have an anti-dilutive effort to the loss per ordinary share and there
            are no other potential dilutive ordinary shares in existence.




190 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



8   Retirement benefit costs

    The Group contributes to an Occupational Retirement Scheme (the “ORSO Scheme”), a defined contribution
    retirement scheme, which is available to some of its Talents in Hong Kong. Under the ORSO Scheme, the Talents
    are required to contribute 5% of their monthly salaries, while the Group’s contributions are calculated at 10% and
    5% of the monthly salaries of senior Talents and other Talents respectively. The Talents are entitled to 100% of the
    employer’s contributions after 10 years of completed service, or at a reduced scale after completion of 3 to 9 years’
    service. Contributions to the ORSO Scheme are reduced by contributions forfeited by those Talents who leave the
    ORSO Scheme prior to vesting fully in the Group’s contributions.

    A mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) has been established under the Hong Kong Mandatory
    Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in December 2000. The existing Talents of the Group in Hong Kong could elect
    to join the MPF Scheme, while all new Talents joining the Group in Hong Kong from then onwards are required to
    join the MPF Scheme. Both the Group and the Talents are required to contribute 5% of each individual’s relevant
    income with a maximum amount of $1,250 per month before 1 June 2014, and commenced from 1 June 2014, the
    maximum amount has been increased to $1,500, as a mandatory contribution. Employer’s mandatory contributions
    are 100% vested in the Talents as soon as they are paid to the MPF Scheme. Senior Talents may also elect to join a
    Mutual Voluntary Plan (the “Mutual Plan”) in which both the Group and senior Talents, on top of the MPF Scheme
    mandatory contributions, make a voluntary contribution to the extent of contributions that would have been made
    under the ORSO Scheme. During the year, forfeited contributions totalling $122,000 (2023: $938,000) were used to
    reduce the current year’s level of contributions and $Nil was available at 31 August 2024 (2023: $Nil) to reduce
    future year’s contributions.

    Pursuant to the relevant regulations in the PRC, the Group contributes to a defined contribution retirement scheme
    organised by the local social security bureau for each Talent of the subsidiary in the PRC at the rate of 20% of a
    standard salary base as determined by the local social security bureau, the rate has been decreased to 14%
    effective from 1 January 2015. The Group has no other obligation to make payments in respect of retirement
    benefits of these Talents.

    Retirement benefits for employees in mainland China and other locations are based primarily on local mandatory
    requirements.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 191
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



9     Goodwill

                                                                                                                 $’000
      Cost:
      At 1 September 2022, 31 August 2023, 1 September 2023 and 31 August 2024                                9,016,507
      Accumulated impairment losses:
      At 1 September 2022                                                                                             –
      Impairment for the year                                                                                 1,200,000
      At 31 August 2023, 1 September 2023 and 31 August 2024                                                  1,200,000
      Carrying amount:
      At 31 August 2024                                                                                       7,816,507
      At 31 August 2023                                                                                       7,816,507


      Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
      Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”) identified according to operating segments as
      follows:

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000
      Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
        — fixed telecommunications network service (residential solutions and
            enterprise solutions)                                                          7,733,317          7,733,317
        — technology related services                                                         83,190             83,190
                                                                                           7,816,507          7,816,507


      The recoverable amount of the CGUs is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash
      flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period of five years except for
      the enterprise solutions and technology related services CGU covering ten years because of the longer period to
      revamp the business, assumptions reflective of the prevailing market conditions, and are discounted appropriately.

      The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation are (i) the average annual growth rate of revenue of the
      fixed telecommunications network services (including Wi-Fi connectivity services) and technology solutions and
      consultancy services, (ii) terminal growth rates and (iii) discount rates, which are determined based on the past
      performance and management’s expectation for market development. The discount rate used is pre-tax and
      reflects specific risks relating to the relative segment. Any adverse change in the key assumptions could result in
      further impairment loss.




192 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



9   Goodwill (continued)

    Key assumptions adopted in the cash flow projections for impairment reviews are as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                 2023
    Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
      — fixed telecommunications network service (residential solutions and
           enterprise solutions)
    Revenue growth rate                                                                           2%                  3%
    Long-term growth rate                                                                       2–3%                2–3%
    Pre-tax discount rate                                                                        12%              12–13%


                                                                                                 2024                 2023
    Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
      — technology related services
    Revenue growth rate                                                                           2%                   8%
    Long-term growth rate                                                                         3%                   2%
    Pre-tax discount rate                                                                        17%                  17%


    Management of the Group performs impairment assessment of goodwill on annual basis. At 31 August 2023,
    management determined to recognise an impairment loss of approximately $1,200,000,000 in relation to goodwill
    allocated to one of the CGUs under telecommunication business with the assistance of the professional valuer with
    relevant expertise. The carrying amount of that cash generating unit has been written down to its recoverable
    amount of $9,139,000,000 based on the impairment assessment conducted by management of the Group.

    At 31 August 2024, no impairment loss was recognised based on the impairment assessment. There were no
    material changes in the methodology and sources of market data applied in the valuation between 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 193
                                   10 Intangible assets

                                                                                   Customer relationship                                       Brand and trademark
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                  For FTNS    For IDD    For Wi-Fi For Cloud         For IT   For FTNS    For IDD    For Wi-Fi For Cloud        For IT           Computer intangible
                                                                   business   business    business business        business    business   business    business business       business   Backlog software     assets        Total
                                                                     $’000      $’000       $’000      $’000         $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000      $’000        $’000      $’000    $’000     $’000        $’000
                                      Cost:
                                      At 1 September 2022         2,886,029    164,000      9,296          1,229    513,316   1,461,205     48,819      7,721        12,228    205,461   213,977    27,899    549,778   6,100,958
194 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024


                                      Exchange difference                 –          –          –              –          –           –          –          –             –          –         –       (48)         –         (48)
                                      At 31 August 2023           2,886,029    164,000      9,296          1,229    513,316   1,461,205     48,819      7,721        12,228    205,461   213,977    27,851    549,778   6,100,910
                                      At 1 September 2023         2,886,029    164,000      9,296          1,229    513,316   1,461,205     48,819      7,721        12,228    205,461   213,977    27,851    549,778   6,100,910
                                      Addition                            –          –          –              –          –           –          –          –             –          –         –       159          –         159
                                      Exchange difference                 –          –          –              –          –           –          –          –             –          –         –        13          –          13
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




                                      At 31 August 2024           2,886,029    164,000      9,296          1,229    513,316   1,461,205     48,819      7,721        12,228    205,461   213,977    28,023    549,778   6,101,082
                                      Accumulated amortisation:
                                      At 1 September 2022         1,149,646    120,068      4,988           952     102,945     724,187     26,350      3,731         4,521     76,282   213,977    26,128    444,576   2,898,351
                                      Charge for the year           181,786     11,714        516           176      31,588     130,436      4,978        386         1,112     20,485         –     1,550     42,081     426,808
                                      Exchange difference                 –          –          –             –           –           –          –          –             –          –         –       (50)         –         (50)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements


                                      At 31 August 2023           1,331,432    131,782      5,504          1,128    134,533     854,623     31,328      4,117         5,633     96,767   213,977    27,628    486,657   3,325,109
                                      At 1 September 2023         1,331,432    131,782      5,504          1,128    134,533     854,623     31,328      4,117         5,633     96,767   213,977    27,628    486,657   3,325,109
                                      Charge for the year           181,786     11,718        517            101     31,588     115,697      4,368        386         1,112     18,906         –        79     42,081     408,339
                                      Exchange difference                 –          –          –              –          –           –          –          –             –          –         –        13          –          13
                                      At 31 August 2024           1,513,218    143,500      6,021          1,229    166,121     970,320     35,696      4,503         6,745    115,673   213,977    27,720    528,738   3,733,461
                                      Net book value:
                                      At 31 August 2024           1,372,811     20,500      3,275             –     347,195     490,885     13,123      3,218         5,483     89,788        –        303     21,040   2,367,621
                                      At 31 August 2023           1,554,597     32,218      3,792           101     378,783     606,582     17,491      3,604         6,595    108,694        –        223     63,121   2,775,801
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



10 Intangible assets (continued)

   The identifiable intangible assets recognised by the Group upon the business combinations completed on 30 May
   2012, 4 January 2013, 31 March 2016, 30 May 2018, 30 April 2019 and 13 December 2019 include:

   —    Customer relationship of FTNS and IDD business
   —    Brand and trademark of FTNS and IDD business, including “HKBN”, “WTT”, “IDD1666”, “IDD0030”,
        “IDD007”, “IDD1507”
   —    Customer relationship of Wi-Fi business
   —    Brand and trademark of Wi-Fi business
   —    Customer relationship of Cloud business
   —    Brand and trademark of Cloud business
   —    Customer relationship of IT business
   —    Brand and trademark of IT business
   —    Backlog of FTNS business

   The fair value of the intangible assets at the dates of completion of the business combinations were appraised by
   independent valuers.

   Other intangible assets include contractual right to receive future benefits and licences.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 195
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



11 Property, plant and equipment

      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                                Telecommunications,
                                                    Leasehold                    Furniture,              computer
                                                     land and      Leasehold       fixtures              and office      Motor
                                          Cable      buildings improvements     and fittings            equipment       vehicles       Total
                                          $’000          $’000         $’000          $’000                  $’000        $’000       $’000
            Cost:
            At 1 September 2022           52,449       111,195       106,778         12,228               8,142,442       5,209    8,430,301
            Exchange adjustments               –             –          (895)          (230)                  (2,011)         –        (3,136)
            Additions                          –             –         1,390          1,925                 399,213         836      403,364
            Disposals                          –             –        (1,934)        (1,544)               (143,391)       (372)    (147,241)
            At 31 August 2023             52,449       111,195       105,339         12,379               8,396,253       5,673    8,683,288
            At 1 September 2023           52,449       111,195       105,339         12,379               8,396,253       5,673    8,683,288
            Exchange adjustments               –             –         1,523            410                   1,649           –        3,582
            Additions                          –             –        18,864            142                 371,997           –      391,003
            Disposals                          –             –        (7,249)        (2,555)                (15,221)       (777)     (25,802)
            Disposals of a subsidiary          –             –           (22)           (58)                   (707)          –         (787)
            At 31 August 2024             52,449       111,195       118,455         10,318               8,753,971       4,896    9,051,284
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 September 2022           47,245        16,212        77,315           7,852              4,546,283       3,958    4,698,865
            Exchange adjustments               –             –          (676)           (149)                 (1,328)         –        (2,153)
            Charge for the year              281         4,008        10,330           1,757                697,129         693      714,198
            Written back on disposals          –             –        (1,934)         (1,509)              (142,799)       (372)    (146,614)
            At 31 August 2023             47,526        20,220        85,035          7,951               5,099,285       4,279    5,264,296
            At 1 September 2023           47,526        20,220        85,035           7,951              5,099,285       4,279    5,264,296
            Exchange adjustments               –             –         1,442             404                  1,424           –        3,270
            Charge for the year              286         4,137         8,650           1,739                660,988         589      676,389
            Written back on disposals          –             –        (7,249)         (2,528)               (14,633)       (777)     (25,187)
            Disposals of a subsidiary          –             –            (1)            (13)                  (415)          –         (429)
            At 31 August 2024             47,812        24,357        87,877          7,553               5,746,649       4,091    5,918,339
            Net book value:
            At 31 August 2024              4,637        86,838        30,578          2,765               3,007,322         805    3,132,945
            At 31 August 2023              4,923        90,975        20,304          4,428               3,296,968       1,394    3,418,992


            At 31 August 2024 and 2023, the Group has certain agreements with third parties (the “Contract Parties”) in
            which the Group would provide its network capacity to the Contract Parties in certain period, and in
            exchange, the Contract Parties would provide the Group the right to use the network capacity of the Contract
            Parties in the same period. The directors of the Group consider that since the arrangements involve exchange
            of a similar nature and value, the exchange is not recognised as a transaction which generates revenue, and
            accordingly, the network capacity of the Contract Parties under the agreements have not been recognised as
            an asset and no revenue or deferred revenue have been recognised in the financial statements of the Group.




196 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

   (b)   Right-of-use assets
         The analysis of net book values of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                Note               $’000                $’000
         Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
            depreciated cost, with remaining lease term of:                         (i)
         — 10 years or less                                                                       3,242                3,474
         — between 10 and 50 years                                                              207,187              216,097
         — 50 years or more                                                                       4,587                4,975
                                                                                                215,016              224,546
         Other properties leased for own used, carried at
           depreciated cost                                                        (ii)         377,139              363,223
         Telecommunication facilities and computer equipment                      (iii)          36,302              101,799
                                                                                                628,457              689,568


         The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                   $’000                $’000
         Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
         Interests in leasehold land held for own use                                             9,357                9,336
         Other properties leased for own used                                                   143,191              149,334
         Telecommunication facilities and computer equipment                                     11,891               27,952
                                                                                                164,439              186,622


         During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were $113,705,000 (2023: $147,472,000). This amount primarily
         related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

         Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 18(e)
         and 21 respectively.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 197
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

      (b)   Right-of-use assets (continued)
            (i)  Interests in leasehold land held for own use
                 The Group holds several commercial buildings, industrial buildings, hub sites and car park space for its
                 business and is the registered owner of these property interests. Lump sum payments were made
                 upfront to acquire these property interests from their previous registered owners.

            (ii)    Properties leased for own use
                    The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its office, data centre, server rooms,
                    warehouse and retail stores through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of
                    2 to 10 years (2023: 2 to 10 years).

                    The Group leased a number of retail stores which contain variable lease payment terms that are based
                    on 1%–5% of sales generated from the retail stores and minimum fixed lease payment terms. No
                    variable lease payment occurred during the years ended 31 August 2024 and 2023.

            (iii)   Telecommunications facilities and computer equipment
                    The Company leases telecommunications facilities and computer equipment under leases expiring from
                    2 to 9 years (2023: 2 to 9 years). None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

      (c)   Sales and leaseback arrangement contracts
            The Group entered into sale and leaseback arrangement contracts with third-party leasing companies, with
            contract terms of three years. The substance of the arrangement is that the lessors provide finance to the
            Group with the asset as security. The Group continues to account for the assets in its consolidated statement
            of financial position. The sales proceeds are recorded as other borrowings in the consolidated statement of
            financial position (note 20(b)(vi)).

      (d)   Security
            At 31 August 2024, certain telecommunications, computer and office equipment with carrying amount of
            $56,806,000 (2023: $81,868,000) were pledged against the other loan (note 20(b)(vii)).




198 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12 Investments in subsidiaries

   The following is a list of principal subsidiaries of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise
   stated.

                                           Place of       Particulars of    Percentage of
                                    incorporation/     issued and paid          ownership               Principal activities and
   Name of company                   establishment     up share capital      interest held                  place of operation
   COL LIMITED                         Hong Kong          40,000 shares                 100        Provision of data processing
                                                                                                         services in Hong Kong

   COSMO TRUE LIMITED                          BVI                US$1                  100                Property investment
                                                                                                                in Hong Kong

   DYNAMIC FUTURE                      Hong Kong                1 share                 100     Property holding in Hong Kong
    INVESTMENTS LIMITED

   EC TELECOM LIMITED                  Hong Kong               2 shares                 100     Provision of telecommunication
                                                                                                         services in Hong Kong

   Guangzhou Cangxun Electron                 PRC#           $1,000,000                 100     Provision of telecommunication
    Technology Service Limited                                                                               services in the PRC
    Company*

   Guangzhou City Telecom                     PRC#           $8,000,000                 100          Provision of administrative
    Customer Services Co. Ltd.*                                                                     support services in the PRC

   HKBN Corporate Limited              Hong Kong             100 shares                 100        Office administration, office
                                                                                                support activities in Hong Kong

   HKBN Enterprise Solutions       Cayman Islands                 US$1                  100                 Investment holding
    Cayman Corp (“HKBNESCC”)                                                                                     in Hong Kong

   HKBN Enterprise Solutions           Hong Kong             100 shares                 100              Provision of consulting
    Cloud Services Limited                                                                               services in Hong Kong

   HKBN Enterprise Solutions       Cayman Islands              US$0.01                  100                 Investment holding
    Development Limited                                                                                          in Hong Kong
    (“HKBNESDL”)




                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 199
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                      Place of         Particulars of         Percentage of
                                               incorporation/       issued and paid               ownership                    Principal activities and
      Name of company                           establishment       up share capital           interest held                       place of operation
      HKBN Enterprise Solutions HK                 Hong Kong            1,752,079,583                      100 Investment holding and provision
       Limited (“HKBNESHKL”)                                                   shares                                     of telecommunication
                                                                                                                         services in Hong Kong

      HKBN Enterprise Solutions                    Hong Kong 10,000,000 shares                             100         Provision of telecommunication
       Limited                                                                                                                  services in Hong Kong

      HKBN Enterprise Solutions Net                Hong Kong                  2 shares                     100         Provision of telecommunication
       Limited                                                                                                                  services in Hong Kong

      HKBN Group Limited                                     BVI             US$5,294                      100                      Investment holding
       (“HKBNGL”)                                                                                                                        in Hong Kong

      HKBN JOS Limited                             Hong Kong 33,000,000 shares                             100            Enterprise systems technical
                                                                                                                         services and distribution and
                                                                                                                       logistics services in Hong Kong

      HKBN JOS (MACAU) LIMITED                           Macao           MOP$25,000                        100            Enterprise systems in Macao

      HKBN JOS (Shanghai) Company                          PRC#           $30,000,000                      100                  Technical services and
       Limited*                                                                                                               product sales in the PRC

      HKBN JOS (Zhuhai) Company                            PRC#             $2,500,000                     100                  Technical services and
       Limited*                                                                                                               product sales in the PRC

      Hong Kong Broadband Network                  Hong Kong           383,049 shares                      100                   Provision of internet,
       Limited (“HKBN”)                                                                                               telecommunications and security
                                                                                                                           devices installation services
                                                                                                                                         in Hong Kong

      Jiuxin (Guangzhou) Electron                          PRC#             $1,300,000                     100         Provision of telecommunication
         Technology Service Limited                                                                                                 services in the PRC
         Company*

      Metropolitan Light Company              Cayman Islands                 US$1,000                      100                      Investment holding
       Limited (“MLCL”)                                                                                                                  in Hong Kong

      *   The English names are translated for reference only. The official names of these entities are in Chinese.

      #
          Wholly owned foreign enterprise registered under the PRC law.




200 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13 Interest in joint ventures and associates

    (a)   Details of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method
          in the consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                           Percentage of
                                         Form of             Place of    Particulars of        ownership
                                         business     incorporation/        issued and      interest held             Principal activities
          Name of joint venture         structure      establishment    paid up capital   by a subsidiary         and place of operation
          BROADBANDgo Company     Limited liability      Hong Kong          100 shares                60            Provision of broadband
            Limited                     company                                                                          and Wi-Fi services
            (“BROADBANDgo”)                                                                                                   in Hong Kong

          TGgo Company Limited    Limited liability      Hong Kong          100 shares                40     Provision of cloud computing
            (“TGgo”)                    company                                                                     services in Hong Kong


          BROADBANDgo and TGgo are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market prices are not available. In
          the opinion of the directors, these are arrangements whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree
          to share control of the arrangements, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangements. Accordingly,
          these investments have been accounted for as joint ventures.

    (b)   Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:

                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                            $’000                   $’000
          Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures
            in the consolidated financial statements                                                            –                   6,284
          Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those joint ventures’
          — Loss and other comprehensive income for the year                                                 (128)               (69,592)
          — Total comprehensive income                                                                       (128)               (69,592)


          On 30 August 2023, the Group disposed of the remaining 40% interest of JOS (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD., JOS
          (SG) PTE. LTD. and JOS APPLICATIONS (S) PTE. LTD. to a third party at a consideration of $68,961,000.




                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 201
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13 Interest in joint ventures and associates (continued)

      (c)   Aggregate information of associates:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
            Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates
              in the consolidated financial statements                                                 –             4,332
            Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associate
            — Loss for the year                                                                        –              (742)
            — Other comprehensive income                                                               –              (326)
            — Total comprehensive income                                                               –            (1,068)


14 Other non-current assets

      Other non-current assets mainly comprise prepayments and deposits for purchase of property, plant and
      equipment. The amounts are neither past due nor impaired.

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
      Prepayments                                                                               48,652             62,670
      Deposits                                                                                   7,371              9,619
                                                                                                56,023             72,289


15 Inventories and customer acquisition and retention costs

      (a)   Inventories
            Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise finished goods.

            The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
            Carrying amount of inventories sold                                              3,334,002          4,255,791
            Write down of inventories                                                            7,464              1,068
                                                                                             3,341,466          4,256,859


            The write-down of inventories made due to the decrease in net realisable value of goods for resale.




202 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Inventories and customer acquisition and retention costs (continued)

   (b)   Customer acquisition and retention costs

                                                                                                                     $’000
         Cost:
         At 1 September 2022                                                                                     1,635,178
         Additions                                                                                                 226,414
         At 31 August 2023 and 1 September 2023                                                                  1,861,592
         Additions                                                                                                 274,643
         At 31 August 2024                                                                                       2,136,235
         Accumulated amortisation:
         At 1 September 2022                                                                                     1,122,133
         Charge for the year                                                                                       274,926
         At 31 August 2023 and 1 September 2023                                                                  1,397,059
         Charge for the year                                                                                       274,222
         At 31 August 2024                                                                                       1,671,281
         Carrying amount:
         At 31 August 2024                                                                                         464,954
         At 31 August 2023                                                                                         464,533


         Customer acquisition and retention costs capitalised as at 31 August 2024 and 2023 relate to the (i) customer
         acquisition costs paid to Talents or agents whose selling activities resulted in customers entering into
         contracts for the provision of telecommunications services which the contract periods are over 12 months at
         the reporting date and (ii) customer retention costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer which the
         contract periods are over 12 months at the reporting date to generate or enhance resources of the Group
         that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in the future.

         Customer acquisition costs and customer retention costs are recognised as part of “other operating
         expenses” in the consolidated income statement in the period in which revenue from the related contracts is
         recognised.

         There was no impairment in relation to the customer acquisition and retention costs capitalised during the
         year.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 203
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



16 Contract assets and contract liabilities

      (a)   Contract assets

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
            Arising from international telecommunications services                              62,937            120,909
            Arising from product revenue bundled with telecommunication services               144,228            134,428
            Arising from system integration services contracts with conditional
              payment terms                                                                     47,908             60,083
                                                                                               255,073            315,420


            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:

            —     International telecommunications services
                  The Group provides international telecommunications services to telecommunications operators. The
                  Group and certain telecommunications operators enter into contracts with minimum commitments on
                  either transaction amount or unit of traffic to be processed and contract term would usually last for over
                  three months. Such contracts involve large amount of transactions and both parties are required to
                  verify and reconcile the transactions details received from counter party against their own records. Once
                  the verification and reconciliation work have been completed, the Group will issue an invoice to the
                  telecommunications operator. The Group’s right to the consideration is generally unconditional upon
                  the completion of verification and reconciliation work from both parties as well as the issuance of
                  invoice.

            —     Sales of equipment and mobile handsets bundled with services
                  The Group offers packages to the customer which include the bundle sales of products and provision of
                  services. In this situation, the customer pays to the Group in accordance with the predetermined
                  payment schedule. If the performance obligations fulfilled by the Group exceed the total payments
                  received to date, a contract asset is recognised. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when
                  the Group’s rights to the contract consideration become unconditional.

            —     System integration services with conditional payment terms
                  System integration services is one of the services to enterprise customers. The Group’s project based
                  system integration services include payment schedules which require stage payments over the project
                  period once milestones are reached. This gives rise to contract assets when the revenue recognised on
                  the project exceeds the amount of the payment made by customer.

            All of the current contract assets are expected to be recovered within one year.




204 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



16 Contract assets and contract liabilities (continued)

    (b)   Contract liabilities

                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                 $’000                $’000
          Indefeasible right of use (“IRU”) arrangement
          — Billing in advance of performance                                                  46,176                61,483
          Telecom and technology solutions services
          — Billing in advance of performance                                                 737,737              672,656
                                                                                              783,913              734,139
          Represented by:
          — Non-current portion                                                               177,301              160,162
          — Current portion                                                                   606,612              573,977
                                                                                              783,913              734,139


          Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

          IRU arrangements
          The Group received 100% of the contract value when they sign the IRU arrangement contract with customer.
          This consideration is recognised as contract liabilities upon receipt.

          Telecom and technology solutions services — Billing in advance of performance
          The Group’s telecom and technology solutions services normally include payment schedules which require
          advance payments from customers for the services. This gives rises to contract liabilities until revenue
          recognised on the services are provided.

          During the year ended 31 August 2024, the amount of 734,139,000 (2023: 745,904,000) recognised in contract
          liabilities at beginning of the year has substantially been recognised as revenue during the year.

          The amount of billings in advance of performance and upfront service fees received in advance expected to
          be recognised as income after more than one year is $177,301,000 (2023: $161,762,000).




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 205
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



17 Trade receivables, other receivables, deposits and prepayments

      Trade receivables, other receivables, deposits and prepayments

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000
      Trade debtors, net of loss allowances                                                  969,297           909,394
      Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                            516,316           465,921
                                                                                           1,485,613          1,375,315


      All of the other receivables, deposits and prepayments are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense
      within one year.

      Ageing analysis
      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net
      of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000
      Within 30 days                                                                         404,816           408,287
      31 to 60 days                                                                          263,951           175,967
      61 to 90 days                                                                          109,524            96,351
      Over 90 days                                                                           191,006           228,789
                                                                                             969,297           909,394


      The majority of the Group’s trade receivables is due within 30-90 days from the date of billing. Further details on
      the Group’s credit policy are set out in note 30(a).




206 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



18 Cash and cash equivalents

   (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                              $’000                $’000
         Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement               1,217,406            1,016,769


   (b)   Reconciliation of profit/(loss) before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                             Note             $’000                $’000
         Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                      29,125            (1,231,331)
         Adjustments for:
           Amortisation of intangible assets                                  10           408,339              426,808
           Depreciation                                                     3(e)           840,828              900,820
           Interest income                                                  3(a)              (9,625)             (8,853)
           Finance costs                                                    3(d)           860,236              702,303
           Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net        3(a),(b)           (22,381)                (584)
           Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets, net                     3(b)                   –                (888)
           Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                      12,122               (8,362)
           Share of losses of joint ventures                                 13(b)               128             69,592
           Share of losses of associates                                     13(c)                 –                 742
           Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                   3(a)             3,715                   –
           Gain on disposal of associates                                     3(a)                 –              (6,264)
           Impairment on goodwill                                             3(e)                 –          1,200,000
         Changes in working capital:
           Decrease in other non-current assets                                               8,089                7,113
           (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                  (738)               6,462
           (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                         (58,020)              64,521
           Increase in other receivables, deposits and prepayments                          (39,278)                (981)
           (Increase)/decrease in customer acquisition and
              retention costs                                                                 (421)               48,512
           Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                           60,347              (78,231)
           Decrease in amounts due from joint ventures                                      16,513                51,780
           Decrease in amounts due from associates                                               –                     25
           Increase in trade payables                                                       15,485              143,292
           Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accrued charges                        77,419               (46,077)
           Increase/(decrease) in deposits received                                         15,901                 (5,867)
           Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                      56,338               (12,993)
         Cash generated from operations                                                  2,274,122            2,221,539




                                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 207
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



18 Cash and cash equivalents (continued)

      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
            non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
            cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as financing activities.

                                                                                      Other
                                                                    Bank and     non-current
                                                                        other    and current      Accrued         Lease
                                                       Interest-   borrowings      liabilities   borrowing     liabilities
                                                     rate swap      (Note 20)      (Note 23)       costs (*)   (Note 21)          Total
                                                          $’000         $’000          $’000         $’000         $’000          $’000

            At 1 September 2022                         (76,387)   11,210,917        37,376            376      518,121      11,690,403


            Changes from financing cash flows:


            Proceeds from bank and other
              borrowings, net of transaction costs            –       253,809               –             –             –      253,809
            Repayment of bank loans                           –      (508,388)              –             –             –      (508,388)
            Repayment of other borrowings and
              other liabilities                               –       (39,316)       (14,042)             –             –       (53,358)
            Capital element of lease rentals paid             –             –               –             –    (153,223)       (153,223)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid            –             –               –             –      (20,853)       (20,853)
            Interest received/(paid)                     92,838        (4,283)              –     (641,189)             –      (552,634)

            Total changes from financing
              cash flows                                 92,838      (298,178)       (14,042)     (641,189)    (174,076)     (1,034,647)

            Changes in fair value                       (30,228)            –               –             –             –       (30,228)
            Exchange adjustments                              –             –               –             –         (605)          (605)


            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from
              entering into new leases
              during the year                                 –             –               –             –     171,722        171,722
            Interest and finance charges                      –        43,975            829       641,404       20,853        707,061
            Originating fee for banking
              facilities amendment                            –             –               –       25,470              –       25,470

            Total other charges                               –        43,975            829       666,874      192,575        904,253

            At 31 August 2023                           (13,777)   10,956,714        24,163         26,061      536,015      11,529,176




208 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                               Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



18 Cash and cash equivalents (continued)

   (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities: (continued)

                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                Bank and     non-current
                                                                                    other    and current      Accrued         Lease
                                                                   Interest-   borrowings      liabilities   borrowing     liabilities
                                                                 rate swap      (Note 20)      (Note 23)       costs (*)   (Note 21)          Total
                                                                     $’000          $’000         $’000          $’000        $’000           $’000

         At 1 September 2023                                        (13,777) 10,956,714          24,163         26,061      536,015      11,529,176


         Changes from financing cash flows:


         Proceeds from bank loans, net of transaction costs               –      247,074                –             –             –      247,074
         Proceeds from other borrowings                                   –       17,925                –             –             –       17,925
         Repayment of bank loans                                          –      (253,809)              –             –             –      (253,809)
         Repayment of other borrowings and other liabilities              –       (30,080)      (14,043)              –             –       (44,123)
         Payment of originating fee for
               banking facilities amendment                               –             –               –      (25,470)             –       (25,470)
         Capital element of lease rentals paid                            –             –               –             –    (153,146)       (153,146)
         Interest element of lease rentals paid                           –             –               –             –     (22,861)        (22,861)
         Interest received/(paid)                                   42,699         (2,709)              –     (791,020)             –      (751,030)

         Total changes from financing cash flows                    42,699        (21,599)      (14,043)      (816,490)    (176,007)       (985,440)

         Changes in fair value                                       1,068              –               –             –             –         1,068
         Exchange adjustments                                             –             –               –             –          205           205


         Other changes:
         Increase in lease liabilities from
               entering into new leases
               during the year                                            –             –               –             –     114,001        114,001
         Interest and finance charges                                     –       42,488             468      793,351        22,861        859,168
         Disposal of a subsidiary                                         –             –               –             –       (2,953)        (2,953)

         Total other charges                                              –       42,488             468      793,351       133,909        970,216

         At 31 August 2024                                          29,990     10,977,603        10,588          2,922      494,122      11,515,225

         (*)
                    Accrued borrowing costs are included in “Other payables and accrued charges — current portion” in the consolidated statement of
                    financial position.




                                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 209
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



18 Cash and cash equivalents (continued)
      (d)   Material non-cash transactions:
            (i) During the year ended 31 August 2024, additions to certain property, plant and equipment of the
                Group financed by other borrowings and other liabilities were $17,925,000 (2023: $Nil).

      (e)   Total cash outflow for leases
            Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
            Within operating cash flows                                                       16,317          11,848
            Within financing cash flows                                                      176,007         174,076
                                                                                             192,324         185,924

            These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
            Lease rentals paid                                                               192,324         185,924


19 Trade payables, other payables and accrued charges

                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
      Trade payables                                                                         945,879         927,666
      Other payables and accrued charges
      — Current portion                                                                      950,361         869,699
      — Long-term portion                                                                          –          18,000
                                                                                         1,896,240         1,815,365

      All trade payables, other payables and accrued charges are expected to be settled within one year, except other
      payables and accrued charges of $Nil (2023: $18,000,000) are expected to be settled after more than one year and
      are classified as non-current liabilities.

      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as
      follows:

                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
      Within 30 days                                                                         449,928         305,627
      31 to 60 days                                                                          140,924         217,892
      61 to 90 days                                                                          122,060         111,128
      Over 90 days                                                                           232,967         293,019
                                                                                             945,879         927,666




210 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



20 Bank and other borrowings

   (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of bank and other borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                                $’000                 $’000
         Bank borrowings
         — unsecured                                                                     10,940,812             10,907,770

         Other borrowings
         — secured                                                                             36,791                48,944
                                                                                         10,977,603             10,956,714

         Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                        (272,601)              (284,861)
                                                                                         10,705,002             10,671,853


   (b)   As at 31 August 2024, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                                $’000                 $’000
         Bank borrowings (unsecured)
         Within 1 year on demand                                                            247,074                253,808
         After 1 year but within 2 years                                                 10,693,738                      –
         After 2 years but within 5 years                                                         –             10,653,962
                                                                                         10,940,812             10,907,770
         Other borrowings (secured)
         Within 1 year on demand                                                               25,527                31,052
         After 1 year but within 2 years                                                        6,503                17,892
         After 2 years but within 5 years                                                       4,761                     –
                                                                                               36,791                48,944
         Bank and other borrowings                                                       10,977,603             10,956,714

         Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                        (272,601)              (284,861)
                                                                                         10,705,002             10,671,853


         (i)   On 13 November 2020, the Group entered into term loan facility of $5,500,000,000 in aggregate with
               various international banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with a principal amount of
               $5,000,000,000 and $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 23
               November 2020 and 22 February 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross
               guarantee arrangement issued by the Company, MLCL, HKBNGL, HKBN, HKBNESDL, HKBNESCC,
               HKBNESHKL and COL Limited, and repayable in full upon maturity on 24 November 2025. The interest
               loan rate was renewed to HIBOR plus a margin of 2.75% per annum from 4 January 2024. The
               outstanding amount of this term loan facility principal was $5,250,000,000 at 31 August 2024.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 211
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



20 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

      (b)   As at 31 August 2024, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows: (continued)
            (ii) On 31 March 2021, the Group entered into a term loan facility of $5,500,000,000 in aggregate with
                 various international banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with principal amount of
                 $5,000,000,000 and $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 9 April
                 2021 and 24 May 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross guarantee
                 arrangement issued by the Company, MLCL, HKBNGL, HKBN, HKBNESDL, HKBNESCC, HKBNESHKL
                 and Col Limited, and repayable in full upon maturity on 9 April 2026. The interest loan rate was renewed
                 to HIBOR plus a margin of 2.75% per annum from 4 January 2024. The outstanding principal amount of
                 the term loan facility was $5,500,000,000 at 31 August 2024.

            (iii)   On 9 December 2021, HKBN entered into a master buyer agreement for supply chain financing from a
                    bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $160,252,000 was utilised as of 31 August 2024. The bank
                    charges a handling fee based on the amount of supplier’s invoices applied. The facility was unsecured
                    and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The extended credit term ranged
                    from 60 to 180 days from the date of utilisation.

            (iv)    On 11 April 2022, HKBN entered into an import invoice financing agreement for supply chain financing
                    from a bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $86,822,000 was utilised as of 31 August 2024. The
                    bank charges at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.15% per annum on the amount of supplier’s invoices applied.
                    The facility was unsecured and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The
                    agreement grants up to 120 days of payment term from the date of utilisation.

            (v)     The bank loans mentioned in note (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are recognised initially at fair value less attributable
                    transactions costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the bank loans are stated at amortised cost with
                    any difference between the amount initially recognised and interest payable using the effective interest
                    method.

                    The bank loans mentioned in note (i) and (ii) above are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
                    certain balance sheet ratios of the Group. As at 31 August 2024 and 2023, the Group complied with all
                    of the covenants relating to bank loans.

                    To calculate the effective interest in each reporting period, the effective interest rate is applied to the
                    amortised cost of the bank loan at the end of the previous reporting period.

                    The effective interest rate of the bank loans as of 31 August 2024 is 5.53% per annum (2023: 5.77%).

            (vi)    The Group entered into sale and leaseback arrangement contracts with third-party leasing companies,
                    with contract terms of three years. The substance of the arrangement was that the lessors provide
                    finance to the Group with the assets as security. The Group accounted for the assets in its consolidated
                    statement of financial position. The sales proceeds are recorded as other borrowings in the
                    consolidated statement of financial position. As at 31 August 2024, the aggregate book value of the
                    assets was $5,289,000 (2023: $11,615,000) and the balance of other borrowings amounting to $586,000
                    (2023: $2,582,000) was recorded as a current liability and $491,000 (2023: $1,077,000) was recorded as a
                    non-current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. The effective interest
                    rate of the other loans is 0% to 4.70% (2023: 0% to 4.70%).




212 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



20 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

    (b)   As at 31 August 2024, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows: (continued)
          (vii) The Group entered into financing arrangement contracts with third-party company, with contract terms
                of three years and four months. The Group has obtained a other loan with principal amount of
                $100,160,000 at effective interest rate of 6% per annum. The loan was secured by assets of the Group
                amounting to $56,806,000 (2023: $81,868,000). The Group shall repay the interest and principal of the
                loan in 40 monthly instalments. As at 31 August 2024, the balance of other borrowings amounting to
                $19,219,000 (2023: $28,470,000) was recorded as a current liability and $Nil (2023: $16,815,000) was
                recorded as a non- current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

          (viii) The Group entered into financing arrangement contracts with third-party company, with contract terms
                 of three years to five years during the year ended 31 August 2024. The Group has obtained other loans
                 with aggregate principal amount of $17,925,000 at effective interest rate 4.74% per annum. The loan
                 was secured by assets of the Group amounting to $17,803,000. As at 31 August 2024, the balance of
                 other borrowings amounting to $5,722,000 was recorded as a current liability and $10,773,000 was
                 recorded as a non-current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

21 Lease liabilities

    As at 31 August 2024, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                               Present               Present
                                                                                           value of the          value of the
                                                                                              minimum              minimum
                                                                                                  lease                 lease
                                                                                             payments              payments
                                                                                                 $’000                 $’000
    Within 1 year                                                                              145,580               150,910
    After 1 year but within 2 years                                                            123,389               129,043
    After 2 years but within 5 years                                                           202,745               236,240
    After 5 years                                                                               22,408                19,822
                                                                                               348,542               385,105
                                                                                               494,122               536,015


22 Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures and associates

    The amounts due from/(to) joint ventures and an associate are unsecured, interest free and recoverable/(repayable)
    on demand.

23 Other non-current and other current liabilities

    As of 31 August 2024 and 2023, the balance represented the interest free payable to a specific supplier.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 213
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



24 Share-based transactions

      The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
      The Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to incentivise
      Participants to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022-2024 financial years of the Group. Due to
      macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated by geopolitics and rising interest
      rates, the Company has changed the company-wide performance targets from being based on adjusted free cash
      flow to focusing on earnings and revenue. Accordingly, the Company considered it appropriate to extend the
      performance targets to cover the 2023-2025 financial years of the Company and better align the incentives of its
      Talents to the Company’s overall performance targets. The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV became
      effective on 11 May 2023 (the “Commencement Date”).

      The total maximum number of Shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the Amended and
      Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 Shares (being approximately 2.50% of the Shares in Issue (on a fully
      diluted and as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the Company approving the amendments
      and restatements of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (as may be adjusted in the event of a
      subdivision or consolidation of the Shares). Since the Commencement Date and up to 31 August 2024, a total of
      16,679,892 award shares have been granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV. During the
      year ended 31 August 2024, 4,283,254 RSUs have been forfeited and the number of award share that may be issued
      in respect of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be 12,396,638
      shares. The total number of Shares available for future grant under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan
      IV is 24,576,401 Shares, representing approximately 1.87% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of
      this Report.

      The fair value of the RSUs granted on 30 August 2023 under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was
      $0 at the date of grant. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on a binomial lattice model, taking
      into account the terms and conditions upon which the RSUs were granted. Please refer to note 1 to the
      consolidated financial statements contained in this Report for the accounting policies adopted in relation to the
      Talents benefits which are also applicable to the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.

25 Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position

      Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                              $’000              $’000
      Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for the year                                     172,612             181,497
      Balance of Profits Tax provision relating to prior years                              (19,396)             7,589
                                                                                           153,216             189,086
      Provision for tax outside Hong Kong                                                    6,446               4,757
                                                                                           159,662             193,843




214 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



26 Deferred tax in the consolidated statement of financial position

    (a)   Deferred tax liabilities and assets recognised:
          The components of deferred tax (liabilities)/assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
          position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                 Depreciation
                                                 allowances in
                                                    excess of     Amortisation
                                                   the related    of intangible    Contract    Credit loss
                                                 depreciation           assets        costs     allowance     Tax losses       Others        Total
                                                        $’000            $’000       $’000          $’000         $’000         $’000        $’000

          Deferred tax arising from:
          At 1 September 2022                         (306,451)        (510,824)     (5,409)       23,161        24,076         1,509      (773,938)
          Credited/(charged) to profit or loss          40,369          63,234        4,090         (3,741)      52,052             8      156,012
          Exchange difference                                –                –           –              –            –           (72)          (72)

          At 31 August 2023 and
            1 September 2023                          (266,082)        (447,590)     (1,319)       19,420        76,128         1,445      (617,998)
          Credited/(charged) to profit or loss          34,851          60,429        1,319         (5,189)      71,205             –      162,615
          Exchange difference                                –                –           –              –            –            32           32

          At 31 August 2024                           (231,231)        (387,161)          –        14,231       147,333         1,477      (455,351)


          (i)     Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                                       $’000                $’000
                  Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position                                                                           137,853                66,674
                  Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position                                                                           (593,204)             (684,672)
                                                                                                                   (455,351)             (617,998)


    (b)   Deferred tax assets not recognised
          In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(s), the Group had not recognised deferred tax
          assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of $1,859,530,000 (2023: $2,040,507,000) as it was not probable that
          future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
          and entity. The tax losses did not expire under current tax legislation.

          At 31 August 2024, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries
          amounted to RMB209,701,000 (equivalent to $232,098,000) (2023: RMB190,162,000 (equivalent to
          $205,946,000)). Deferred tax liabilities amounted to 10% (or 5% if tax treaty is available) of the undistributed
          profits have not been recognised in respect of the tax that would be payable on the distribution of these
          retained profits as the Company controls the dividend policy of the subsidiaries and it has been determined
          that it is probable that these profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 215
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



27 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                  $’000               $’000
      Current assets
      Interest-rate swap                                                                               –            13,777

      Current liabilities
      Interest-rate swap                                                                        29,990                    –


      In 2021, the Group entered into an interest-rate swap (“the 2021 interest-rate swap”), to hedge the floating interest
      rate after the maturity of the current interest-rate swap. The 2021 interest-rate swap has a notional amount of
      $3,900,000,000 and with a maturity date on 31 May 2023. In June 2023, the Group entered into another interest-rate
      swap (“the 2023 interest-rate swap”), to hedge the floating interest rate. The 2023 interest-rate swap has a notional
      amount of $5,250,000,000 and with a maturity date on 24 November 2025.

      Under these arrangements, the Group pays a fixed rate interest on the notional amount on a monthly basis, net of
      a floating rate interest at 1-month Hong Kong Inter-bank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) in the corresponding period.

      These derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value and remeasured at the end of each
      reporting period. These derivative financial instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9,
      Financial instruments, and therefore, it is accounted for as FVPL and measured at fair value.

      As at 31 August 2024, the fair value of the interest-rate swap was $29,990,000 (liabilities). As at 31 August 2023, the
      fair value of the interest-rate swap was $13,777,000 (assets).




216 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                         Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



28 Capital, reserves and dividends

   (a)   Movements in components of equity
         The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
         consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
         the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out
         below:

         The Company

                                                                                  Vendor
                                                          Share       Share         Loan       Capital      Retained
                                                         capital   premium         Notes       reserve        profits        Total
                                               Note       $’000       $’000        $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000
         Balance at 1 September 2022                        132     427,882     2,349,204        40,803     4,514,178    7,332,199
         Changes in equity for the
           year ended 31 August 2023:

         Profit and total comprehensive
           income for the year                                –            –            –            –       520,206       520,206
         Dividend approved to equity
           shareholders of the
           Company in respect of the
           previous year                     28(b)(ii)        –     (262,320)           –            –              –     (262,320)
         Dividend declared to equity
           shareholders of the
           Company in respect of the
           current year                      28(b)(i)         –      (98,634)           –            –       (163,686)    (262,320)
         Distribution to holders of
           Vendor Loan Notes                                  –      (66,928)           –            –              –       (66,928)
         Balance at 31 August 2023 and
           1 September 2023                                 132            –    2,349,204        40,803     4,870,698    7,260,837
         Changes in equity for the year
           ended 31 August 2024:

         Profit and total comprehensive
           income for the year                                –            –            –            –       449,875       449,875
         Dividend approved to equity
           shareholders of the Company
           in respect of the previous year   28(b)(ii)        –            –            –            –       (262,320)    (262,320)
         Dividend declared to equity
           shareholders of the Company
           in respect of the current year    28(b)(i)         –            –            –            –       (196,740)    (196,740)
         Distribution to holders of
           Vendor Loan Notes                                  –            –            –            –        (58,563)      (58,563)
         Balance at 31 August 2024                          132            –    2,349,204        40,803     4,802,950    7,193,089




                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 217
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



28 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

      (b)   Dividends
            (i)  Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
                   Interim dividend declared and paid of 15 cents per ordinary share
                      (2023: 20 cents per ordinary share)                                     196,740            262,320
                   Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of
                      16.5 cents per ordinary share (2023: 20 cents per ordinary share)       216,414            262,320
                                                                                              413,154            524,640


                   The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability
                   at the end of the reporting period.

            (ii)   Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
                   year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
                   Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
                     and paid during the year, of 20 cents per ordinary share
                     (2023: 20 cents per ordinary share)                                      262,320            262,320


      (c)   Share capital

                                                                                          No. of shares            $’000
            Authorised:
            At 1 September 2022, 31 August 2023,
              1 September 2023 and 31 August 2024                                         3,800,000,000               380
            Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
            At 31 August 2023 and 1 September 2023                                        1,311,599,000               132
            At 31 August 2024                                                             1,311,599,000               132


            The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
            to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the
            Company’s residual assets.

      (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves
            (i)  Share premium
                 The application of the share premium account is governed by Section 34(2) of the Companies Law (2013
                 Revision) of the Cayman Islands. Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the
                 share premium account of the Company are distributable to shareholders of the Company provided
                 that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company
                 will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of the business.


218 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



28 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

   (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)
         (ii) Capital reserve
              The capital reserve represents the portion of the grant date fair value of RSUs granted to the directors
              and Talents of the Group in Hong Kong that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting
              policy adopted for share-based payments in note 1(r)(iv)(a).

         (iii)   Other reserve
                 The entire issued share capital of MLCL was transferred to the Company in consideration for an issue of
                 the Company’s share to Metropolitan Light Holdings Limited on 17 February 2015 (the “Share
                 Transfer”). Upon completion of the Share Transfer, the Company became the holding company of the
                 Group, and the combined share capital and share premium prior to the Share Transfer, amounting to
                 $8,000 and $1,757,197,000 respectively, were eliminated against the investment in MLCL with a carrying
                 amount of $1,160,785,000. The remaining balance of $596,420,000 was recorded in the other reserve.

         (iv)    Exchange reserve
                 The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                 financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong.

   (e)   Capital management
         The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
         going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
         by pricing services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable
         cost.

         The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the
         higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and
         security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
         changes in economic conditions.

         The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a gearing ratio. For this purpose, gearing ratio is
         calculated as gross debt divided by total equity.

         The gearing ratio at 31 August 2024 and 2023 was as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                              Note                $’000                $’000
         Bank borrowings (principal amount)                                      20        10,997,074            11,003,809
         Other borrowings                                                        20            36,791                48,944
         Lease liabilities                                                       21           494,122               536,015
         Gross debt                                                                        11,527,987            11,588,768
         Total equity                                                                        2,554,264            3,051,082
         Gearing ratio                                                                            451%                 380%


         Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries were subject to externally imposed capital requirements
         during the years presented.


                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 219
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



29 Vendor Loan Notes

      On 30 April 2019, the Company issued the Vendor Loan Notes with a nominal amount of $1,940,937,656 as part of
      the consideration of the WTT Acquisition. The Vendor Loan Notes are zero coupon convertible notes which may be
      converted into new ordinary shares to be issued by the Company at the initial conversion price of $11.60 per share
      pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Vendor Loan Notes. The Vendor Loan Notes has no maturity date and
      the holders of the Vendor Loan Notes have the right to receive an amount equal to any dividends made by the
      Company on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Vendor Loan Notes are classified as equity instruments and
      recorded in equity in the consolidated statement of financial position.

30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments

      Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

      The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
      manage these risks are described below.

      (a)   Credit risk
            Credit risk refers to the risk that counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
            loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables and contract assets.
            The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited because the
            counterparties are banks and financial institutions with sound credit rating, for which the Group considers to
            have low credit risk.

            Except for the financial guarantees given by the Group as set out in note 32, the Group does not provide any
            other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk in
            respect of these financial guarantees at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in note 32.

            Trade receivables and contract assets
            The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer.
            Concentrations of credit risk with trade receivables and contract assets are limited due to Group’s customer
            being large and unrelated.




220 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
          Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
          evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and
          take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in
          which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30–90 days from the date of billing.
          Subscribers with receivables that are more than 3 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding
          balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

          The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
          ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
          indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past
          due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

          The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
          receivables and contract assets as at 31 August 2024 and 31 August 2023:

                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                Gross
                                                                         Expected             carrying               Loss
                                                                          loss rate           amount            allowance
                                                                                 %              $’000               $’000
          Current (not past due)                                             1.0%             744,602                7,144
          Less than 30 days past due                                         1.3%             217,725                2,887
          31 to 60 days past due                                             3.0%             100,140                3,003
          Over 60 days past due                                             28.9%             246,031               71,094
                                                                                            1,308,498               84,128


                                                                                              2023
                                                                                                  Gross
                                                                          Expected              carrying                Loss
                                                                           loss rate            amount            allowance
                                                                                  %                $’000               $’000
          Current (not past due)                                               1.6%             756,894               11,991
          Less than 30 days past due                                           3.2%             175,705                5,606
          31 to 60 days past due                                               8.8%              94,199                8,250
          Over 60 days past due                                               29.3%             316,638               92,775
                                                                                              1,343,436             118,622


          Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past year. These rates are adjusted to reflect
          differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected,
          current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 221
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

      (a)   Credit risk (continued)
            Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
            Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year is
            as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                         $’000               $’000
            Balance at the beginning of the year                                                   118,622                 153,791
            Amounts written off during the year                                                     (91,259)              (101,955)
            Impairment losses recognised during the year (note 3(b))                                 56,765                 66,786
            Balance at the end of the year                                                              84,128             118,622


      (b)   Liquidity risk
            The Group has a cash management policy, which includes the short term investment of cash surpluses and
            the raising of loans and other borrowings to cover expected cash demands. The Group’s policy is to regularly
            monitor its current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure
            that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate
            committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and
            longer term.

            The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
            Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
            payments computed using contractual rates) and the earliest date the Group is required to pay.

                                                                                      2024
                                                                Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                More than    More than
                                                       Within   1 year but   2 year but                                   Carrying
                                                    1 year or    less than    less than    More than                     amount at
                                                  on demand        2 years      5 years       5 year             Total   31 August
                                                       $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000              $’000       $’000
            Trade payables                            945,879            –           –             –         945,879        945,879
            Other payables and accrued charges        950,361            –           –             –         950,361        950,361
            Deposits received                          99,178            –           –             –          99,178         99,178
            Amounts due to joint ventures              14,877            –           –             –          14,877         14,877
            Bank and other borrowings               1,069,691   11,055,401           –             –      12,125,092     10,977,603
            Lease liabilities                         168,118      139,215     220,949        23,023         551,305        494,122
            Other liabilities                          10,607            –           –             –          10,607         10,588
                                                    3,258,711   11,194,616     220,949        23,023      14,697,299     13,492,608


            As shown in the above analysis, bank loans with principal amount of totalling $10.75 billion are due to be
            repaid more than 1 year but less than 2 years, of which a principal amount of $5.25 billion will be matured on
            24 November 2025. The Group has engaged an external consultant to arrange for the refinancing of the bank
            loans with a detailed action plan targeting to complete by end of March 2025. The Group will continue to
            monitor its compliance with the financial covenants of its bank loans.


222 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

    (b)   Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                                                       2023
                                                             Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                             More than       More than
                                                   Within    1 year but      2 year but                                   Carrying
                                                 1 year or    less than       less than       More than                  amount at
                                               on demand        2 years         5 years          5 year        Total     31 August
                                                    $’000         $’000           $’000           $’000        $’000         $’000
          Trade payables                           927,666           –                –               –      927,666        927,666
          Other payables and accrued charges       869,699      18,000                –               –      887,699        887,699
          Deposits received                         83,277           –                –               –       83,277         83,277
          Amount due to associates                   4,332           –                –               –        4,332          4,332
          Amounts due to joint ventures             10,000           –                –               –       10,000         10,000
          Bank and other borrowings              1,093,992     823,140       11,054,882               –   12,972,014     10,956,714
          Lease liabilities                        172,232     144,285          252,827          20,353      589,697        536,015
          Other liabilities                         14,043      10,697                –               –       24,740         24,163
                                                 3,175,241     996,122       11,307,709          20,353   15,499,425     13,429,866


    (c)   Interest rate risk
          The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank borrowings and interest-rate swap. Financial
          instruments with variable interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s interest-
          bearing financial instruments are set out in (ii) below. The interest rates and terms of repayment of interest-
          bearing borrowings of the Group are disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

          (i)   Hedging
                An interest-rate swap, denominated in Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”), has been entered into achieve an
                appropriate mix of fixed and floating rate exposure consistent with the Group’s policy. At 31 August
                2024, the Group had interest-rate swaps with a notional contract amount of $5,250,000,000 (2023:
                $5,250,000,000) which were not designated as cash flow hedging instrument. The net fair value of swaps
                entered into by the Group at 31 August 2024 was $29,990,000 (liabilities) (2023: $13,777,000 (assets)).




                                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 223
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

      (c)   Interest rate risk (continued)
            (ii) Interest-bearing financial instruments
                  The following table details the interest-bearing financial instruments of the Group at the end of the
                  reporting period.

                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                   $’000               $’000
                    Fixed rate instruments
                    Lease liabilities                                                           494,122             536,015
                    Other borrowings                                                             36,791              48,944
                    Other financial liabilities                                                  10,588              24,163
                                                                                                541,501             609,122
                    Variable rate instruments
                    Bank borrowings                                                          10,940,812          10,907,770
                    Derivative financial instrument — interest-rate swap                         29,990              (13,777)
                                                                                             10,970,802          10,893,993
                    Total borrowings                                                         11,512,303          11,503,115
                    Fixed rate borrowings as a percentage of total borrowings                         5%                 5%


            (iii)   Sensitivity analysis
                    At 31 August 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates,
                    with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and
                    increased/decreased accumulated loss by approximately $28,454,000. At 31 August 2023, it is estimated
                    that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held
                    constant, would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss after tax and decrease/increase retained
                    profits by approximately $28,289,000. Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected
                    by the changes in interest rates.

                    The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax and
                    retained profits that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of
                    the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group
                    which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of
                    the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by
                    the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit after tax and retained
                    profits is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expenses of such a change in interest rate.




224 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

    (d)   Currency risk
          All the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities are primarily denominated in either HKD or USD. Given the
          exchange rate of the HKD to the USD has remained close to the current pegged rate of HKD7.80 = USD1.00
          since 1983, management does not expect significant foreign exchange gains or losses between the two
          currencies.

          The Group is also exposed to a certain amount of foreign exchange risk based on fluctuations between the
          HKD and the Renminbi (“RMB”) arising from its operations in the PRC. In order to limit this foreign currency
          risk exposure, the Group ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level of buying or selling
          foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to address short-term imbalances.

          (i)   Exposure to currency risk
                The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
                of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                HKD, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.

                                                                2024                                    2023
                                                            USD               RMB                   USD                RMB
                                                           $’000             $’000                 $’000               $’000
                Cash and cash equivalents               262,756            14,177               372,284                4,718
                Trade receivables                       256,829                 –               122,418                  116
                Other receivables, deposit
                  and prepayment                              –              1,401                    –                    –
                Trade payables                         (293,457)           (14,700)            (342,399)                (477)
                Other payables and accrued
                  charges                                 (5,561)           (2,286)               (2,243)                 (68)
                Net exposure arising from
                 recognised assets and
                 liabilities                            220,567             (1,408)             150,060                4,289




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 225
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

      (d)   Currency risk (continued)
            (ii) Sensitivity analysis
                 The Group’s foreign currency risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of the RMB against the HKD.
                 It is assumed that the pegged rate between the HKD and the USD would be materially unaffected by
                 any changes in movement in value of the USD against other currencies. The following table details the
                 Group’s sensitivity to a 10% increase or decrease in the HKD against other currencies. The sensitivity
                 analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items including inter-
                 company payables and receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than
                 the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower, and adjusts their translation at the year end for a
                 10% change in foreign currency rates. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the
                 translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                                 2024                                       2023
                                                 Increase/                                   Increase/
                                               (decrease)     (Decrease)/    (Increase)/   (decrease)    (Decrease)/     Increase/
                                                in foreign     increase in decrease in      in foreign    increase in (decrease) in
                                                exchange            profit accumulated      exchange              loss    retained
                                                     rates       after tax          loss         rates       after tax      profits
                                                                    $’000         $’000                         $’000        $’000
                  RMB                                10%             (116)         (116)         10%            (436)          436
                                                     (10)%            116           116          (10)%           436          (436)


                  Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous
                  effects on each of the Group entities’ profit/(loss) after tax and equity measured in the respective
                  functional currencies, translated into HKD at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period
                  for presentation purposes.

                  The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-
                  measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency risk
                  at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the Group
                  which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower.
                  The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of
                  operations outside Hong Kong into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the
                  same basis for 2023.




226 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

    (e)   Fair value measurement
          (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                Fair value hierarchy
                The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of
                the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
                in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is
                determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
                technique as follows:

               —     Level 1 valuations: Fair values measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                     active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

               —     Level 2 valuations: Fair values measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                     meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for
                     which market data are not available

               —     Level 3 valuations: Fair values measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                           Fair value            Fair value measurements as at
                                                        at 31 August           31 August 2024 categorised into
                                                                2024           Level 1        Level 2        Level 3
                                                               $’000            $’000           $’000          $’000
               Recurring fair value measurement
               Financial Liabilities:
               Derivative financial instrument:
               Interest-rate swap                            (29,990)                  –          (29,990)                  –


                                                            Fair value            Fair value measurements as at
                                                         at 31 August            31 August 2023 categorised into
                                                                  2023           Level 1        Level 2         Level 3
                                                                 $’000            $’000           $’000          $’000
               Recurring fair value measurement
               Financial Assets:
               Derivative financial instrument:
               Interest-rate swap                               13,777                  –           13,777                   –


               During the year ended 31 August 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers
               into or out of Level 3 (year ended 31 August 2023: $Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
               between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 227
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



30 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

      (e)   Fair value measurement (continued)
            (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                  Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurement
                  The fair value of interest-rate swap is the estimated amount that the Group would receive or pay to
                  terminate the swap at the end of the reporting period, taking into account current interest rates and the
                  current creditworthiness of the swap counterparty.

            (ii)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not
                   materially different from their fair values as at 31 August 2024 and 2023.

      (f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
            The Group enters into netting arrangements with its carriers. The outstanding transactions with these
            counterparties are settled on a net basis and result in offsetting the assets and liabilities in the statement of
            financial position.

                                                                                                2024
                                                                                            Gross amounts        Net amounts
                                                                                              of recognised        of financial
                                                                                           financial assets/            assets/
                                                                                                  (liabilities)     (liabilities)
                                                                  Gross amounts                 offset in the presented in the
                                                                    of recognised              consolidated      consolidated
                                                                 financial assets/             statement of      statement of
                                                                        (liabilities)    financial position financial position
                                                                             $’000                     $’000             $’000
            Trade receivables                                           1,310,173                 (340,876)                969,297
            Trade payables                                             (1,286,755)                 340,876                (945,879)


                                                                                                2023
                                                                                            Gross amounts             Net amounts
                                                                                              of recognised             of financial
                                                                                           financial assets/                 assets/
                                                                                                  (liabilities)          (liabilities)
                                                                   Gross amounts                offset in the      presented in the
                                                                     of recognised             consolidated           consolidated
                                                                  financial assets/            statement of           statement of
                                                                         (liabilities)   financial position       financial position
                                                                               $’000                    $’000                  $’000
            Trade receivables                                             1,174,256                 (264,862)                909,394
            Trade payables                                               (1,192,528)                 264,862                (927,666)




228 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



31 Commitments

   (a)   Capital commitments
         At 31 August 2024, the Group had the following capital commitments:

                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                             $’000                 $’000
         Contracted but not provided for
          — Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                     207,179               199,955


   (b)   Commitment under operating leases
         At 31 August 2024, the Group’s total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases
         are receivable as follows:

                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                             $’000                 $’000
         Leases in respect of telecommunications facilities
           which are receivable:
         Within 1 year                                                                    220,442               151,913
         After 1 year but within 5 years                                                  176,911               158,957
         After 5 years                                                                     51,831                54,399
                                                                                          449,184               365,269




                                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 229
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



32 Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                                 $’000               $’000
      Bank guarantee in lieu of payment of utility deposits                                     3,622               3,622
      Bank guarantee in lieu of performance guarantees                                        293,847             263,459
                                                                                              297,469             267,081

      The Group is subject to certain corporate guarantee obligations to guarantee the performance of its subsidiaries in
      the normal course of their businesses. The amount of liabilities arising from such obligations, if any, cannot be
      ascertained but the directors are of the opinion that any resulting liability will not materially affect the financial
      position of the Group.

      During the year ended 31 August 2023, a subsidiary of the Group received a claim from a vendor regarding early
      termination charges under several agreements. The Group considered the claim to be invalid and, therefore,
      continued to deny the liability. Based on the legal advice received, management believed that the probability of a
      successful claim was low. The potential exposure of the Group was estimated to be approximately $24 million. No
      provision was made in respect of this claim for the year ended 31 August 2023.

      As at 31 August 2024, the above claim expired as a result of time lapse. The Group and the vendor agreed to
      negotiate the claim under arbitration proceedings. The claim amount is subject to negotiation between the Group
      and the vendor, and therefore, cannot be estimated reliably at the end of the reporting period. Based on the legal
      advice received, management believes that it is at early stage to assess the claim amount and the probability of
      successful claim. No provision has been made in respect of this claim for the year ended 31 August 2024.

33 Material related party transactions

      In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group entered
      into the following material related party transactions:

      (a)   Key management personnel remuneration
            Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the directors of the
            Company as disclosed in note 5 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 6, as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                                 $’000               $’000
            Short-term employee benefits                                                        52,423             37,910
            Post-employment benefits                                                             3,228              3,239
                                                                                                55,651             41,149

            Total remuneration is included in “Talent costs” (see note 3(c)).

      (b)   In connection with the acquisition of the telecommunication business by MLCL from HKTV, completed on 30
            May 2012, the Group granted indefeasible rights of use in favour of HKTV allowing it to use certain capacity
            of the Group’s network for a term of 20 years from 30 May 2012, on a free of charge basis. In addition, the
            Group agreed to provide certain telecommunication services to HKTV, at no additional cost, for a period of
            10 years from 30 May 2012. The incremental costs associated with fulfilling the obligations under the granting
            of indefeasible rights of use to HKTV are expected to be insignificant to the Group. Accordingly, no provision
            was made by the Group in this connection.


230 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



34 Company-level statement of financial position

                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                             Note             $’000                $’000
   Non-current assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                                                          1,165,126             1,165,125
                                                                                        1,165,126             1,165,125
   Current assets
   Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                149                   161
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                        6,716,465             6,665,140
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   49                    42
                                                                                        6,716,663             6,665,343
   Current liabilities
   Other payables and accrued charges                                                       12,377                6,195
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                             676,323              563,436
                                                                                           688,700              569,631
   Net current assets                                                                   6,027,963             6,095,712
   NET ASSETS                                                                           7,193,089             7,260,837
   CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                      28(a)
   Share capital                                                                              132                   132
   Reserves                                                                             7,192,957             7,260,705
   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         7,193,089             7,260,837




   Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 October 2024.

                                                          )
                                                          )
   Chu Kwong YEUNG                                        )
                                                          )      Directors
                                                          )
                                                          )
                                                          )
   Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                                     )




                                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 231
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



35 Accounting judgement and estimates

      Sources of estimation uncertainty
      Note 30 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to financial instruments. Other
      key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

      (a)   Loss allowance for credit losses
            The Group maintains impairment loss for doubtful debts based upon evaluation of the recoverability of the
            trade and other receivables which takes into account the historical write-off experience and recovery rates. If
            the financial condition of the customers were to deteriorate, additional impairment may be required.

      (b)   Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
            The Group tests annually whether goodwill and other assets in the cash generating units has suffered any
            impairment in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(k)(iii).

            The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit has been determined based on its value-in-use.
            These calculations require the use of estimates. There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved
            for the preparation of cash flow projections for the period covered by the approved budget and the
            estimated terminal value. Key assumptions include the expected operating margin, growth rates and
            selection of discount rates, to reflect the risks-involved and the earnings multiple that can be realised for the
            estimated terminal value.

            Management prepared the financial budgets reflecting actual performance and market development
            expectations. Judgement is required to determine key assumptions adopted in the cash flow projections and
            changes to key assumptions can significantly affect these cash flow projections and therefore the result of the
            impairment reviews.




232 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but
   not yet effective for the year ended 31 August 2024

   Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
   standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 August 2024 and which have not been adopted in
   these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                      accounting periods
                                                                                                    beginning on or after
   Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:                                               1 January 2024
    Classification of liabilities as current or non-current

   Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:                                               1 January 2024
    Non-current liabilities with covenants

   Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback                                   1 January 2024

   Amendments to HKFRS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial Instruments:                        1 January 2024
    Disclosures: Supplier finance arrangements

   Amendments to HKFRS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates:                                 1 January 2025
    Lack of exchangeability


   The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
   in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
   impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 233
Five year summary
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



The following table summaries the consolidated results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the five years ended 31
August 2024.

                                                                    Years ended 31 August
                                                   2024            2023         2022              2021           2020
                                                  $’000           $’000        $’000             $’000          $’000
Results
Revenue                                     10,650,922       11,692,176     11,626,164     11,463,745       9,452,957
Profit/(loss) from operations                  889,489         (458,694)     1,000,750         837,802        619,305
Finance costs                                 (860,236)        (702,303)      (239,204)       (481,029)      (526,961)
Share of profits of associates                    (128)             (742)         4,167               –             –
Share of losses of joint ventures                    –           (69,592)       (53,497)        (31,508)         (242)
Profit/(loss) before taxation                    29,125      (1,231,331)       712,216         325,265         92,102
Income tax (expense)/credit                     (18,848)         (36,077)     (158,895)       (118,393)         4,509
Profit/(loss) for the year                      10,277       (1,267,408)       553,321        206,872          96,611




234 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                            Five year summary
                                                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                As at 31 August
                                                                  2024                  2023              2022                  2021                 2020
                                                                 $’000                 $’000             $’000                 $’000                $’000
Assets and liabilities
Goodwill                                                   7,816,507             7,816,507            9,016,507           9,016,507           9,016,507
Intangible assets                                          2,367,621             2,775,801            3,202,607           3,606,163           4,200,644
Property, plant and equipment                              3,132,945             3,418,992            3,731,436           3,901,090           4,112,260
Investment properties                                              –                     –                    –             198,828             206,800
Right-of-use assets                                          628,457               689,568              705,607             681,349             886,709
Customer acquisition and retention costs                     464,954               464,533              513,045             564,849             595,149
Interest in an associate                                           –                 4,332               56,920               4,816               4,438
Interest in joint ventures                                         –                 6,284               17,110              17,879               9,387
Deferred tax assets                                          137,853                66,674               26,724              68,913              91,258
Finance lease liabilities                                          –                     –                    –                   –               6,534
Loan to associates                                                 –                     –               15,359                   –                   –
Other non-current assets                                      56,023                72,289               98,531              91,958              81,012
Net current liabilities                                      (170,856)             (279,515)             (87,576)           (248,163)         (1,718,533)
Total assets less current liabilities                    14,433,504             15,035,465          17,296,270          17,904,189           17,492,165
Other payables and accrued charges
  — long-term portion                                               –                (18,000)            (54,000)             (30,397)            (87,677)
Contract liability — long-term portion                       (177,301)             (160,162)           (145,807)            (194,818)           (219,939)
Obligations under granting of rights
  — long-term portion                                               –                     –                   –                    –               (6,771)
Deferred tax liabilities                                    (593,204)             (684,672)           (800,662)            (904,848)          (1,033,447)
Lease liabilities                                           (348,542)             (385,105)           (381,850)            (305,129)            (445,804)
Provision for reinstatement costs                             (55,191)              (54,003)            (52,492)             (62,442)             (67,320)
Bank and other borrowings                                (10,705,002)          (10,671,853)        (10,913,214)         (10,831,416)          (5,018,368)
Senior notes                                                        –                     –                   –                    –          (4,101,847)
Other non-current liabilities                                       –               (10,588)            (24,162)             (37,376)             (50,493)
NET ASSETS                                                 2,554,264             3,051,082            4,924,083           5,537,763           6,460,499
Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                    132                   132                  132                 132                 132
Reserves                                                   2,554,132             3,050,950            4,923,951           5,537,631           6,460,367
TOTAL EQUITY                                               2,554,264             3,051,082            4,924,083           5,537,763           6,460,499

Notes to the five year summary:

1    As a result of the adoption of HKFRS 16, Leases, with effect from 1 September 2019, the Group has changed its accounting policies in respect of the
     lessee accounting model. In accordance with the transitional provisions of the standard, the changes in accounting policies were adopted by way of
     opening balance adjustments to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as at 1 September 2019. After initial recognition of these assets and
     liabilities, the Group as a lessee is required to recognise interest expense accrued on the outstanding balance of the lease liability, and the
     depreciation of the right-of-use asset, instead of the previous policy of recognising rental expenses incurred under operating leases on a straight-line
     basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 235
ESG Limited Assurance Report




INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER’S LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT
TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF HKBN LTD.
We have undertaken a limited assurance engagement in respect of the selected sustainability information of HKBN Ltd.
(the “Company”) listed below and identified with a ✓ in the Company’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 August
2024 (“the 2024 Annual Report”), published in the Annual Report Website (https://www.hkbn.net/group/en/
investor-engagement/financial-results1) (the “Identified Sustainability Information”).

Identified Sustainability Information
The Identified Sustainability Information for the year ended 31 August 2024 is summarised below:

    Indicators (KPIs)                                                      Units                                           Amount

    Environmental
    Sulphur oxides (SOx)                                                   kg                                              0.71
    Nitrogen oxides (NOx)                                                  kg                                              393.86
    Particulate matter (PM)                                                kg                                              36.35
    Scope 1 Greenhouse Gases (GHG) emissions                               Tonne CO2e                                      3,493.36
    Scope 2 Greenhouse Gases (GHG) emissions                               Tonne CO2e                                      36,130.72
    Total Greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and                            Tonne CO2e                                      39,624.08
      Scope 2 GHG emissions)
    Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (Scope 1 and                        Tonne CO2e/Revenue ($ million)                  3.72
    Scope 2 GHG emissions)
    Direct energy consumption                                              kWh                                             584,090.64
    Direct energy intensity                                                kWh/Revenue ($million)                          54.84
    Indirect energy consumption                                            kWh                                             84,659,396.22
    Indirect energy intensity                                              kWh/Revenue ($million)                          7,948.49
    Water consumption                                                      M   3
                                                                                                                           4,974.00
    Water intensity                                                        M3/Revenue ($million)                           0.47
    Hazardous waste generated                                              Tonnes                                          104.57
    Hazardous waste intensity                                              Tonnes/Revenue ($million)                       0.01
    Non-hazardous waste generated                                          Tonnes                                          361.97
    Non-hazardous waste intensity                                          Tonnes/Revenue ($million)                       0.03
    Waste diverted                                                         Tonnes                                          150.54
    Waste diversion rate                                                   %                                               41.59%

1
      The maintenance and integrity of the HKBN Ltd.’s website is the responsibility of the directors; the work carried out by the assurance provider does
      not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the assurance provider accepts no responsibility for any differences between the selected
      sustainability information of HKBN Ltd. on which the assurance report was issued or the assurance report that was issued and the information
      presented on the website.




236 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                      ESG Limited Assurance Report




Indicators (KPIs)                                     Units                           Amount

Employment
Total workforce                                       Number                          3,987
Total workforce by gender                             Number                          Female: 1,410
                                                                                      Male: 2,453
Total workforce by employment type                    Number                          Full Time: 3,863
                                                                                      Part Time: 35
                                                                                      Contract: 89
Total workforce by age-group                          Number                          ≤ 30: 586
                                                                                      31–50: 2,722
                                                                                      ≥ 50: 555
Total workforce by geographical region                Number                          Hong Kong: 2,160
                                                                                      Macao: 42
                                                                                      Mainland China: 1,661
Employee turnover rate by gender                      %                               Female: 20.94%
                                                                                      Male: 28.89%
Employee turnover rate by age group                   %                               ≤ 30: 40.83%
                                                                                      31–50: 23.16%
                                                                                      ≥ 50: 22.22%
Employee turnover rate by geographical region         %                               Hong Kong: 29.98%
                                                                                      Macao: 12.82%
                                                                                      Mainland China: 21.16%
Health and Safety
Fatalities — full-time employees only                 Number                          0
Fatalities rate — full-time employees only            Number per 200,000 manhour      0
Work-related injury rate — full-time employees only   Number per 200,000 manhour      0.57
Lost days due to work-related injury — full-time      Number                          1,805
employees only




                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 237
ESG Limited Assurance Report




 Indicators (KPIs)                                       Units    Amount

 Development and Training
 The percentage of employees trained by gender           %        Female: 97.91%
                                                                  Male: 97.69%
 The percentage of employees trained by employee         %        Managerial-or-above-
 category                                                         level Talents: 94.85%
                                                                  Supervisory-level
                                                                  Talents: 99.76%
                                                                  All other Talents: 97.87%
 The average training hours completed per employee       Number   Female: 15.48
 by gender                                                        Male: 15.36
 The average training hours completed per employee       Number   Managerial-or-above-
 by category                                                      level Talents: 7.44
                                                                  Supervisory-level
                                                                  Talents: 12.07
                                                                  All other Talents: 16.82
 Supply Chain Management
 Number of suppliers by geographical region              Number   Hong Kong: 1,725
                                                                  Mainland China: 912
                                                                  Macao: 88
                                                                  Other: 132
 Product Responsibility
 Number of products and service-related complaints       Number   2,672
 received
 Anti-corruption
 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt       Number   Nil
 practices brought against the issuer or its employees
 during the reporting period and the outcomes of the
 cases
 Volunteering
 Total volunteering hours contributed by the Company     Number   725
 Phishing assessment
 Phishing assessment average failure rate                %        1.49%




238 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                          ESG Limited Assurance Report




 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
 — Telecommunication Services KPIs                       Units                               Amount

 Environmental
 (1) Total Energy Consumed                               GJ                                  306,876.31
 (2) Percentage grid electricity                         %                                   99.31%
 (3) Percentage renewable                                %                                   0%
 Data Privacy
 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal    Reporting Currency                  Nil
 proceedings associated with customer privacy
 Data Security
 (1) Number of data breaches,                            Number, %                           Nil
 (2) percentage involving personally identifiable
     information (PII),
 (3) number of customers affected
 Competitive Behavior & Open Internet
 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal  Reporting Currency                    Nil
 proceedings associated with anticompetitive behaviour
 regulations
 Activity Metrics
 (1) Number of wireless subscribers                      Number (in thousands)               Residential business: 217
                                                                                             Enterprise business: 22
 (2) Number of wireline subscribers                      Number (in thousands)               Residential business: 343
                                                                                             Enterprise business: 357
 (3) Number of broadband subscribers                     Number (in thousands)               Residential business: 907
                                                                                             Enterprise business: 110
 (4) Network traffic                                     Petabytes                           5,425

Our assurance was with respect to the year ended 31 August 2024 information only and we have not performed any
procedures with respect to earlier periods or any other elements included in the 2024 Annual Report and, therefore, do
not express any conclusion thereon.

Criteria
The criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identified Sustainability Information is set out in 2024 Annual Report
under the section titled “About this Report”, “Environmental Performance Summary”, “Social Performance Summary”
and “ESG Content Indexes”.




                                                                                      HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 239
ESG Limited Assurance Report




The Company’s Responsibility for the Identified Sustainability Information
The Company is responsible for the preparation of the Identified Sustainability Information in accordance with the
Criteria. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation of Identified Sustainability Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Inherent limitations
The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial
information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability
between entities. In addition, GHG quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because of incomplete scientific
knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine emissions of different gases.

Our Independence and Quality Management
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards
Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and
operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Our Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the Identified Sustainability Information based on the
procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained. We conducted our limited assurance engagement
in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements other
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and, in respect of greenhouse gas emissions, International
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3410, Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements, issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. These standards require that we plan and perform this
engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Identified Sustainability Information is free from material
misstatement.

A limited assurance engagement involves assessing the suitability in the circumstances of the Company’s use of the
Criteria as the basis for the preparation of the Identified Sustainability Information, assessing the risks of material
misstatement of the Identified Sustainability Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks
as necessary in the circumstances, and evaluating the overall presentation of the Identified Sustainability Information. A
limited assurance engagement is substantially less in scope than a reasonable assurance engagement in relation to both
the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal control, and the procedures performed in
response to the assessed risks.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and included inquiries, observation of
processes performed, inspection of documents, analytical procedures, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification
methods and reporting policies, and agreeing or reconciling with underlying records.




240 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                           ESG Limited Assurance Report




Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above we:

•   made inquiries of the persons responsible for the Identified Sustainability Information;
•   understood the process for collecting and reporting the Identified Sustainability Information;
•   performed limited substantive testing on a selective basis of the Identified Sustainability Information to check that
    data had been appropriately measured, recorded, collated and reported; and
•   considered the disclosure and presentation of the Identified Sustainability Information.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than
for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance
engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had we performed a reasonable
assurance engagement. Accordingly, we do not express a reasonable assurance opinion about whether the Company’s
Identified Sustainability Information has been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria.

Limited Assurance Conclusion
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention
that causes us to believe that the Company’s Identified Sustainability Information for the year ended August 31, 2024 is
not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria.

Our report has been prepared solely for the board of directors of the Company and is not to be used for any other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other parties for the content of this report.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 31 October 2024




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 241
Environmental Performance Summary

                                                         Unit                FY22               FY23            FY24

 The types of emissions and respective
 emissions data

 Sulphur oxides (SOx)1                                    kg                   0.94              0.79           0.71

 Nitrogen oxides (NOx)1                                   kg                479.02             444.92         393.86

 Particulate matter (PM)1                                 kg                 44.22              41.09          36.35

 Greenhouse gas emissions

 Scope 1 emissions2                                     tCO2e              4,073.64          3,733.87       3,493.36

 Scope 2 emissions3                                     tCO2e            44,989.424         40,123.08      36,130.72

 Total scope 1 and 2 emissions                          tCO2e            49,063.065         43,856.956     39,624.08

 Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity   7
                                                    tCO2e/Revenue             4.22   5
                                                                                                 3.756
                                                                                                                3.72
                                                       ($million)

 Scope 3 emissions by category8

   Category 1: Purchased goods and services             tCO2e           203,013.58        269,404.7310    268,820.82

   Category 2: Capital goods                            tCO2e             22,198.90        14,774.1211     23,483.07

   Category 3: Fuel and energy-related activities       tCO2e             19,741.61         17,614.17      15,859.70

   Category 11: Use of sold products                    tCO2e           120,291.92         109,088.43    123,864.2212

   Other categories9                                    tCO2e              3,959.03          4,958.87       3,652.69

 Direct energy consumption13                             kWh            763,643.43         621,106.17     584,090.64

 Direct energy intensity7                            kWh/Revenue             65.68              53.12          54.84
                                                       ($ million)

 Indirect energy consumption14                           kWh         105,303,888.68      94,120,130.20 84,659,396.22

 Indirect energy intensity7                          kWh/Revenue           9,057.62          8,049.96       7,948.49
                                                       ($ million)

 Water consumption                                        m3               5,442.87          4,957.61       4,974.00

 Water intensity7                                    m3/Revenue                0.47              0.42           0.47
                                                      ($ million)

 Waste

 Hazardous waste generated15                            tonnes               77.13              52.15        104.5716

 Hazardous waste intensity7                         tonnes/Revenue             0.01            0.00417          0.01
                                                       ($ million)

 Non-hazardous waste generated18                        tonnes              256.58             264.37        361.9719

 Non-hazardous waste intensity7                     tonnes/Revenue             0.02              0.02           0.03
                                                       ($ million)

 Waste diverted20                                       tonnes              130.77             141.20         150.54

 Waste diversion rate                                     %                  50.97              53.41         41.5919


242 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                           Environmental Performance Summary

1
     This KPI is concerned with the air pollution produced by the issuer. Air pollution includes NOx, SOx, and respiratory suspended particles, also known
     as Particulate Matter (“PM”) produced by HKBN’s motor vehicles powered by fuel. The air emission factors are based on the Hong Kong
     Environmental Protection Department’s (EPD) EMFAC-HK Vehicle Emission Calculation model and the United States Environmental Protection
     Agency’s (USEPA’s) Vehicle Emission Modeling Software — MOBILE6.1.
2
     Scope 1 emissions are direct Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by HKBN such as emissions from fuel of
     company vehicles and genset, the refrigerant of air conditioning and chiller, and fire suppression equipment. The emission factors are based on the
     Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Synthesis Report (AR6) (2021) and EPD’s Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse
     Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong 2010 Edition. Scope 1 emissions for FY22
     and FY23 have been restated due to the expansion of data coverage to include refrigerants from air conditioning and chiller systems, as well as fire
     extinguishers. This update aligns with the data reporting approach for FY24 and maintains the consistency across reporting periods. The originally
     disclosed figures were 196.73 tCO2e for FY22 and 162.30 tCO2e for FY23.
3
     Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emission resulting from the generation of electricity purchases by HKBN. For Hong Kong operation, emission
     factor adopted for purchased electricity are 0.66 kgCO2e/kWh and 0.39 kgCO2e/kWh as provided by HK Electric Investments Sustainability Report
     2023 and CLP Sustainability Report 2023 respectively, subjecting to the location of operation. For Macao operation, emission factor adopted for
     purchased electricity is 0.608 kgCO2e/kWh as provided by CEM Sustainability Report 2023. For mainland China operation, the emission factor adopted
     for purchased electricity is 0.5703 tCO2/MWh, which is referenced from the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of People’s Republic of China (MEE).
4
     Scope 2 emissions of FY22 has been restated due to the adoption of an updated emission factor for mainland China operation. The originally
     disclosed figure was 45,460.70 tCO2e, calculated using the emission factor referenced from the 《2019年度減排項目中國區域電網基準線排放因子》,
     published by the MEE in 2020. The restated figure is calculated using the updated emission factor referenced from the 《關於做好2023–2025年發電行
     業企業溫室氣體排放報告管理有關工作的通知》, published by the MEE in 2023. This update specifically applies to the emissions from our mainland
     China operation.
5
     Total scope 1 and 2 emissions and Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity of FY22 have been restated as a result of the restated Scope 1 emissions and
     Scope 2 emissions of FY22.
6
     Total scope 1 and 2 emissions and Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity of FY23 have been restated as a result of the restated Scope 1 emissions of FY23.
7
     The revenue as of 31 August 2022, 31 August 2023 and 31 August 2024 was $11,626m, $11,692m and $10,651m, rounded from the precise figures.
8
     Scope 3 emissions are other indirect GHG emissions that occur in the value chain of HKBN. These emissions are mainly associated with purchased
     goods and services (Category 1), capital goods (Category 2), fuel and energy-related activities not included in scope 1 or 2 (Category 3), and use of
     sold products (Category 11). The compilation of our scope 3 GHG emissions is based on the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3)
     Accounting and Reporting Standard. Relevant emission factors were sourced from product-specific carbon footprint data, environmentally-extended
     input output (EEIO) database EXIOBASE 3 for spend-based category data, and well-to-tank factors from UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for
     Company Reporting for fuel and energy-related activities.
9
     Other categories, which include emissions from transportation and distribution (Category 4 and 9), waste generated in operations (Category 5),
     business travel (Category 6), employee commuting (Category 7), leased assets (Category 8 and 13), end-of-life treatment of sold products (Category
     12) and investments (Category 15), each contribute less than 1% to the total scope 3 emissions.
10
     The increase in Scope 3 Category 1 emissions for FY2023 is attributed to an uptick in procurement spending.
11
     The decrease in Scope 3 Category 2 emissions for FY2023 is attributed to a reduction in construction-related activities.
12
     The increase in Scope 3 Category 11 emissions for FY2024 is attributed to expansion of portfolio offerings for both residential and enterprise
     customers.
13
     Vehicle, generator and mobile generator fuel consumption are included in the direct energy consumption.
14
     Electricity purchases are included in the indirect energy consumption.
15
     Hazardous waste generated comprised uninterruptible power system and lighting tube.
16
     The rise in hazardous waste during FY24 is primarily due to the disposal of lead-acid batteries. This increase aligns with our facility upgrades and the
     natural end of the batteries’ lifecycle. The lead-acid batteries are sustainably disposed of at the Hong Kong Battery Recycling Centre.
17
     All figures are rounded to two decimal places except for values less than 0.01, which are rounded to three decimal places.
18
     Non-hazardous waste included construction waste and general waste in offices, shops and data centres.
19
     The reported increase in waste generation and the subsequent decrease in the waste diversion rate for FY24 can be primarily attributed to the
     additional waste generated from the relocation of our office to The Quayside. This is a one-off occurrence, and we anticipate that waste generation
     figures will normalise after the completion of this transition.
20
     Waste diverted from landfills included paper, plastic, metal, wooden, e-waste, food waste and glass.




                                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 243
Social Performance Summary

                                                           Unit                    FY22                     FY23                      FY24
    Workforce statistics
    Total                                                 Talent                   5,015                    4,558                    3,9872
                               Female                    Talent (%)        1,695           34.85%   1,579           35.66%   1,410           36.50%
    By gender1
                               Male                      Talent (%)        3,169           65.15%   2,849           64.34%   2,453           63.50%
                               Full Time                 Talent (%)        4,864           96.99%   4,428           97.15%   3,863           96.89%

    By employment type         Part Time                 Talent (%)         56              1.12%    51              1.12%    35              0.88%
                               Contract                  Talent (%)         95              1.89%    79              1.73%    89              2.23%
                               ≤ 30                      Talent (%)        1,035           21.28%   820             18.52%   586             15.17%

    By age-group1              31–50                     Talent (%)        3,281           67.45%   3,047           68.81%   2,722           70.46%
                               ≥ 50                      Talent (%)         548            11.27%   561             12.67%   555             14.37%
                               Hong Kong                 Talent (%)        2,856           58.72%   2,489           56.21%   2,160           55.92%
    By geographical
                               Macao                     Talent (%)         36              0.74%    36              0.81%    42              1.09%
    region1
                               Mainland China            Talent (%)        1,972           40.54%   1,903           42.98%   1,661           43.00%
    Employee turnover rate1
                               Female                        %                     33.22%                   31.45%                   20.94%
    By gender
                               Male                          %                     33.92%                   37.80%                   28.89%
                               ≤ 30                          %                     60.85%                   64.44%                   40.83%
    By age-group               31–50                         %                     28.48%                   30.60%                   23.16%
                               > 50                          %                     17.89%                   20.43%                   22.22%
                               Hong Kong                     %                     32.43%                   36.41%                   29.98%
    By geographical
                               Macao                         %                     20.00%                   13.89%                   12.82%
    region
                               Mainland China                %                     35.90%                   34.84%                   21.16%
    Percentage of employees trained     1


                               Female                        %                     97.41%                   98.19%                   97.91%
    By gender
                               Male                          %                     99.40%                   98.07%                   97.69%
                               Managerial-or-                %                     95.41%                   97.94%                   94.85%
                               above-level Talents
    By employee
                               Supervisory-level             %                     98.99%                   99.35%                   99.76%
    category
                               Talents
                               All other Talents             %                     98.97%                   97.97%                   97.87%




1
       Only cover full-time Talents.
2
       The decrease in total workforce is attributed to the company’s restructuring efforts.




244 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                    Social Performance Summary

                                                             Unit                  FY22                          FY23                          FY24
     Average training hours completed per employee1
                                    Female                 hours per               17.38                         18.06                        15.48
                                                            Talent
     By gender
                                    Male                   hours per               16.87                         16.31                        15.36
                                                            Talent
                                    Managerial-or-         hours per                6.95                          9.05                         7.44
                                    above-level Talents     Talent
                                    Supervisory-level      hours per               15.25                         12.86                        12.07
     By employee category
                                    Talents                 Talent
                                    All other Talents      hours per               18.20                         18.28                        16.82
                                                            Talent
     Work-related fatalities1
     Number of work-related fatalities                     Number                    0                             14                            0
     Work-related fatalities rate   3
                                                          Number per                 0                            0.02                           0
                                                           200,000
                                                           manhour
     Work-related injuries1
     Lost days due to work-related injury5                   Day                   2,692                         9357                         1,8058
     Work-related injury rate6                            Number per                0.37                         0.417                         0.57
                                                           200,000
                                                           manhour
     Number of suppliers
                                    Hong Kong              Number                  1,642                         1,853                        1,725
     By geographical                Mainland China         Number                   542                           734                          912
     region                         Macao                  Number                    50                           53                            88
                                    Other                  Number                   443                           146                          132
     Number of products and service-related complaints received
     Number of complaints received from                    Number                  2,302                         1,754                        2,6729
     residential and enterprise business
     Community Investment
     Total volunteering hours contributed                   hours                  464.0                        1,377.5                        72510
     by the Company

3
        The work-related fatality rate represents the number of reported fatalities per 100 full-time employees per year. It is calculated as “total number of
        work-related fatalities multiplied by 200,000 and then divided by total hours worked.” The factor 200,000 represents the annual hours worked by 100
        full-time employees, based on 40 hours per week for 50 weeks a year.
4
        An employee experienced a fatal incident while riding an electric bicycle after work on 27 November 2020. The employee unfortunately passed away
        on 16 October 2022. It was considered as a fatal work incident according to the Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurance of the Mainland China.
5
        “Lost days” is the sum total of calendar days (consecutive or otherwise) for the days on which the work-related injuries and work-related ill health
        occurred. For Hong Kong, a “Lost day” occurs when, in the opinion of a physician, an employee cannot work. “Lost day” is calculated based on the
        total of calendar days (consecutive or otherwise) starting from the lost day occurs. While for mainland China, it is calculated based on the total of
        calendar days (consecutive or otherwise) for the days on which the work-related injuries and work-related ill health occurred.
6
        The work-related injury rate represents the number of reported injuries per 100 full-time employees per year. It is calculated as “total number of work-
        related injuries multiplied by 200,000 and then divided by total hours worked.” The factor 200,000 represents the annual hours worked by 100 full-time
        employees, based on 40 hours per week for 50 weeks a year.
7
        Upon review, one work-related injury case reported in FY24 was identified as occurring in FY23. As a result, the “Work-related injury rate” and the “Lost
        days due to work-related injury” in FY23 have been revised.
8
        The operational approach requires field engineers to conduct various on-site equipment installations in response to business demands. This change
        increases the likelihood of accidents while travelling and executing their responsibilities.
9
        As the Company implemented stricter credit adjustment and waiver protocols, as well as re-classification of sales-related complaints, the number of
        customer complaints increased.
10
        The Company’s corporate social investment (CSI) strategy was revamped to prioritise digital inclusivity initiatives for social profit organisations and
        marginalised groups in addition to volunteering engagement.


                                                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 245
ESG Content Indexes

SASB Content Index

Telecommunications Services

SASB Activity Metrics

                                                                                                                               Assured by
                                                                                                                               independent
    SASB Code           Activity Metric                     FY22                      FY23                     FY24            practitioner
    TC-TL-000.A         Number of wireless                  Residential               Residential              Residential
                        subscribers                         business: 241             business: 239            business: 217
                        (in thousands)
                                                            Enterprise                Enterprise               Enterprise
                                                            business: 32              business: 26             business: 22
                        Wireless subscribers are defined as those customers that contract with the entity for mobile
                        services, which include cellular phone service and/or wireless data service.
    TC-TL-000.B         Number of wireline                  Residential               Residential              Residential
                        subscribers                         business: 432             business: 386            business: 343
                        (in thousands)
                                                            Enterprise                Enterprise               Enterprise
                                                            business: 454             business: 388            business: 357
                        Wireline subscribers are defined as those customers that contract with the entity for fixed line
                        phone services.
    TC-TL-000.C         Number of broadband                 Residential               Residential              Residential
                        subscribers                         business: 897             business: 920            business: 907
                        (in thousands)
                                                            Enterprise                Enterprise               Enterprise
                                                            business: 115             business: 117            business: 110
                        Broadband subscribers are defined as those customers that contract with the entity for fixed
                        line cable and internet services, which include WiFi connections.
    TC-TL-000.D         Network traffic                     5,544 Pb1                 5,349 Pb1                5,425 Pb
                        The system of rules applied in recording and reporting network traffic statistics complies with
                        Office of the Communications Authority.




1
      The network traffic of FY22 and FY23 have been restated with the most accurate information at the time of reporting.




246 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                    ESG Content Indexes

SASB Accounting Metrics

                                                                                                                   Assured by
                                                                                                                   independent
 SASB Code        Accounting Metric                  FY22                FY23                 FY24                 practitioner
 Environmental Footprint of Operations

 TC-TL-130a.1     (1) Total energy consumed,         (1) 381,843.12 GJ   (1) 341,068.18 GJ    (1) 306,876.31 GJ
                  (2) Percentage grid electricity,   (2) 99.29%          (2) 99.34%           (2) 99.31%
                  (3) Percentage renewable           (3) 0%              (3) 0%               (3) 0%
                  Please refer to the Climate Action section of this Report for further detail on our energy target and
                  reduction initiatives.
 Data Privacy

 TC-TL-220a.1     Description of policies and practices relating to behavioural advertising and customer privacy
                  Please refer to the Data Privacy & Security section of this ESG report, Personal Data & Privacy Statement
                  and Personal Information Collection Statement for details.
 TC-TL-220a.2     Number of customers                N/A                 N/A                  N/A
                  whose information is used
                  for secondary purposes
                  Personal information of our customers is used for purposes stated in our privacy policies only.
 TC-TL-220a.3     Total amount of monetary           Nil                 Nil                  Nil
                  losses as a result of legal
                  proceedings associated with
                  customer privacy
                  There were no recorded monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with customer
                  privacy in FY23 and FY24.
 TC-TL-220a.4     (1) Number of law                  N/A                 N/A                  N/A
                      enforcement requests
                      for customer
                      information,
                  (2) Number of customers
                      whose information was
                      requested,
                  (3) Percentage resulting in
                      disclosure
                  Currently we do not disclose these metrics. In handling such requests, we follow relevant laws and
                  regulations of the jurisdictions we operate in.




                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 247
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                                         Assured by
                                                                                                                                         independent
    SASB Code           Accounting Metric                   FY22                      FY23                     FY24                      practitioner
    Data Security

    TC-TL-230a.11       (1) Number of data                  Nil                       Nil                      Nil
                            breaches,
                        (2) Percentage involving
                            personally identifiable
                            information (PII),
                        (3) Number of customers
                            affected
                        There were no recorded data breaches in FY23 and FY24.
    TC-TL-230a.2        Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party
                        cybersecurity standards
                        Please refer to the Data Privacy & Security section of this ESG report for details.
    Product End-of-life Management

    TC-TL-440a.1        (1) Materials recovered             (1) 0.21 tonnes           Nil                      Nil
                            through take back               (2) 100%
                            programmes,
                        (2) Percentage of recovered
                            materials that were
                            recycled
                        There was sporadic device recovery during the year with limited data availability. Please refer to the
                        Climate Action section of this ESG report for details on the take back programme.




1
      Data breach, personally identifiable information and customer affected are limited to concluded cases with legal claims and penalties brought against
      the Group and its subsidiaries during the reporting period.




248 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                    ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                    Assured by
                                                                                                                    independent
SASB Code       Accounting Metric               FY22                   FY23                   FY24                  practitioner
Competitive Behaviour & Open Internet

TC-TL-520a.1    Total amount of monetary        Nil                    Nil                    Nil
                losses as a result of legal
                proceedings associated with
                anticompetitive behaviour
                regulations
                There were no recorded monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anticompetitive
                behaviour regulations in FY23 and FY24.
TC-TL-520a.2    Average actual sustained        We have not            •     1000 Mbp         •     2000 Mbp
                download speed of owned         started reporting            Plan: 916.5            Plan: 1816.1
                and commercially-               on this metric in            Mbps                   Mbps
                associated content and non-     FY22.                  •     500 Mbp Plan:    •     1000 Mbp
                associated content                                           545.8 Mbps             Plan: 928.2
                                                                       •     100 Mbp Plan:          Mbps
                                                                             95.8 Mbps        •     500 Mbp Plan:
                                                                                                    549.5 Mbps
                                                                       Please refer below
                                                                       for details.           Please refer below
                                                                                              for details.
                There is no difference in the download speed of associated and non-associated content, and we do not
                measure download speeds on the bases specified in the standard.

                We report the average download speed of our most common Broadband service plan tiers (which
                represent over 80% of our residential and enterprise installations (including new installations, relocation
                and maintenance) in Q4 of FY24) be:

                2000 Mbp Plan: 1816.1 Mbps
                1000 Mbp Plan: 928.2 Mbps
                500 Mbp Plan: 549.5 Mbps

                Remarks:

                •   The average download speeds were calculated from speed tests conducted during successful new
                    installations, relocation and maintenance in Q4 of FY24.
                •   Our technicians have ensured the speed test of each of such successful new installations, relocation
                    and maintenance meets the guaranteed standard and the result is endorsed by the respective
                    customer.
                •   The actual bandwidth customers enjoyed may be affected by their hardware/software, router
                    specification, site traffic loading, type of content being accessed and other environmental factors.
TC-TL-520a.3    Description of risks and opportunities associated with net neutrality, paid peering, zero rating, and related
                practices
                Regulations on net neutrality, paid peering, zero rating and related practices vary across different
                jurisdictions, and we comply with any applicable regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in.




                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 249
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                              Assured by
                                                                                                              independent
 SASB Code        Accounting Metric              FY22                 FY23                  FY24              practitioner
 Managing Systemic Risks from Technology Disruptions
 TC-TL-550a.1     (1) System average             We have not          (1) 0.211             (1) 0.188
                      interruption frequency     started reporting    (2) 0.378             (2) 0.411
                      (disruptions per           on this metric in
                      customer)                  FY22
                  (2) Customer average
                      interruption duration
                      (hours per customer)
                  By considering that connectivity of the broadband services of enterprise solutions is governed by diverse
                  service-level agreements, we are currently reporting on the performances of residential solutions with the
                  below calculation methodologies:

                  (1) System Average Interruption Frequency = Total Number of Affected Customers/Total Customers
                  (2) Customer Average Interruption Duration = Accumulated Affected Customers Hours/Total Customers
 TC-TL-550a.2     Discussion of systems to provide unimpeded service during service interruptions
                  Please refer to the Reliable and Responsible Service section of this Report for details.




250 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                   ESG Content Indexes

HKEX ESG Guide Content Index
The Report is in compliance with the mandatory disclosure requirements and “comply or explain” provisions of the HKEX
ESG Guide.

                                                                                                                 Assured by
                                                                     Reporting           Reference and           independent
 Mandatory Disclosure Requirements                                   Location            Remarks                 practitioner
 Governance      A statement from the Board containing the           Our Approach to     Corporate
 Structure       following elements:                                 ESG Governance      Governance
                                                                     & Management
                 (i) a disclosure of the Board’s oversight of ESG                        https://www.hkbn.net/
                     issues;                                                             group/en/our-story/
                                                                                         corporate-governance
                 (ii) the Board’s ESG management approach and
                      strategy, including the process used to
                      evaluate, prioritise and manage material
                      ESG-related issues (including risks to the
                      issuer’s businesses); and

                 (iii) how the Board reviews progress made
                       against ESG-related goals and targets with
                       an explanation of how they relate to the
                       issuer’s businesses.
 Reporting       A description of, or an explanation on, the         About This Report
 Principles      application of the following Reporting Principles   — Reporting
                 in the preparation of the ESG report:               principles

                 Materiality: The ESG report should disclose:        Communication
                                                                     and Engagement
                 (i) the process to identify and the criteria        with Stakeholders
                     for the selection of material ESG factors;
                                                                     Materiality
                 (ii) if a stakeholder engagement is                 Assessment
                      conducted, a description of significant
                      stakeholders identified, and the process
                      and results of the issuer’s stakeholder
                      engagement.

                 Quantitative: Information on the standards,
                 methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation
                 tools used, and source of conversion factors
                 used, for the reporting of emissions/energy
                 consumption (where applicable) should be
                 disclosed.

                 Consistency: The issuer should disclose in the
                 ESG report any changes to the methods or KPIs
                 used, or any other relevant factors affecting a
                 meaningful comparison.
 Reporting       A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries     About This Report
 Boundary        of the ESG report and describing the process        — Reporting
                 used to identify which entities or operations are   boundaries
                 included in the ESG report. If there is a change
                 in the scope, the issuer should explain the
                 difference and reason for the change.

                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 251
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                            Assured by
                                                                                                            independent
 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs          Reporting Location   Reference and Remarks   practitioner

 A. Environment

 Aspect A1: Emissions

 General      Information on:                                  Climate Action       Environmental Policy
 Disclosure   a. the policies; and
              b. compliance with relevant laws and                                  https://www.hkbn.net/
                  regulations that have a significant impact                        env_policy/en
                  on the issuer

              relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions,
              discharges into water and land, and generation
              of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

 KPI A1.1     The types of emissions and respective            Climate Action,
              emissions data.                                  Environmental
                                                               Performance
                                                               Summary

 KPI A1.2     Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect             Climate Action,
              (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in           Environmental
              tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity.       Performance
                                                               Summary

 KPI A1.3     Total hazardous waste produced (in               Climate Action,
              tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity.       Environmental
                                                               Performance
                                                               Summary

 KPI A1.4     Total non-hazardous waste produced (in           Climate Action,
              tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity.       Environmental
                                                               Performance
                                                               Summary

 KPI A1.5     Description of emission target(s) set and        Climate Action
              steps taken to achieve them.

 KPI A1.6     Description of how hazardous and non-            Climate Action
              hazardous wastes are handled, and a
              description of reduction target(s) set and
              steps taken to achieve them.




252 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                   Assured by
                                                                                                                   independent
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs          Reporting Location   Reference and Remarks           practitioner

Aspect A2: Use of Resources

General      Policies on the efficient use of resources,      Climate Action       Environmental Policy
Disclosure   including energy, water and other raw
             materials.                                                            https://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                   env_policy/en

KPI A2.1     Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by     Climate Action,
             type in total and intensity.                     Environmental
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary

KPI A2.2     Water consumption in total and intensity.        Climate Action,
                                                              Environmental
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary

KPI A2.3     Description of energy use efficiency target(s)   Climate Action
             set and steps taken to achieve them.

KPI A2.4     Description of whether there is any issue in     Climate Action       There were no issues
             sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water                         related to sourcing water
             efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to                           that was fit for purpose.
             achieve them.                                                         Water consumption is not
                                                                                   a significant source of
                                                                                   carbon emissions for
                                                                                   HKBN, and as such is not
                                                                                   considered material to
                                                                                   our Group’s ESG
                                                                                   priorities. Despite this, we
                                                                                   still strive to improve
                                                                                   water consumption
                                                                                   efficiency in our offices via
                                                                                   various water saving
                                                                                   initiatives.

KPI A2.5     Total packaging material used for finished                            Packaging material is not
             products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with                         applicable to the nature
             reference to per unit produced.                                       of our operations and
                                                                                   business.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 253
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                  Assured by
                                                                                                                  independent
 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs            Reporting Location       Reference and Remarks   practitioner

 Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

 General      Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant    Climate Action           Environmental Policy
 Disclosure   impact on the environment and natural
              resources.                                                                  https://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                          env_policy/en

 KPI A3.1     Description of the significant impacts of          Climate Action
              activities on the environment and natural
              resources and the action taken to manage
              them.

 Aspect A4: Climate Change

 General      Policies on identification and mitigation of       Climate Action           Environmental Policy
 Disclosure   significant climate-related issues which have
              impacted, and those which may impact, the                                   https://www.hkbn.net/
              issuer.                                                                     env_policy/en

 KPI A4.1     Description of the significant climate-related     Climate Action
              issues which have impacted, and those which
              may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken
              to manage them.

 B. Social

 Aspect B1: Employment

 General      Information on:                                    Talent Interest
 Disclosure   a. the policies; and                               Alignment, Talent
              b. compliance with relevant laws and               Obsessed
                  regulations that have a significant            Engagement &
                  impact on the issuer                           Development,
                                                                 Diversity & Inclusion
              relating to compensation and dismissal,
              recruitment and promotion, working
              hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
              diversity, anti- discrimination, and other
              benefits and welfare.

 KPI B1.1     Total workforce by gender, employment type         Diversity & Inclusion,
              (for example, full- or part-time), age group and   Social Performance
              geographical region.                               Summary

 KPI B1.2     Employee turnover rate by gender, age group        Diversity & Inclusion,
              and geographical region.                           Social Performance
                                                                 Summary




254 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                            Assured by
                                                                                                            independent
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs          Reporting Location    Reference and Remarks   practitioner

Aspect B2: Health and Safety

General      Information on:                                  Talent Obsessed
Disclosure   a. the policies; and                             Engagement &
             b. compliance with relevant laws and             Development
                 regulations that have a significant impact
                 on the issuer

             relating to providing a safe working
             environment and protecting employees from
             occupational hazards.

KPI B2.1     Number and rate of work-related fatalities       Talent Obsessed
             occurred in each of the past three years         Engagement &
             including the reporting year.                    Development, Social
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary

KPI B2.2     Lost days due to work injury.                    Talent Obsessed
                                                              Engagement &
                                                              Development, Social
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary

KPI B2.3     Description of occupational health and safety    Talent Obsessed
             measures adopted, and how they are               Engagement &
             implemented and monitored.                       Development

Aspect B3: Development and Training

General      Policies on improving employees’ knowledge       Talent Obsessed
Disclosure   and skills for discharging duties at work.       Engagement &
             Description of training activities.              Development

KPI B3.1     The percentage of employees trained by           Talent Obsessed
             gender and employee category (e.g. senior        Engagement &
             management, middle management).                  Development, Social
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary

KPI B3.2     The average training hours completed per         Talent Obsessed
             employee by gender and employee category.        Engagement &
                                                              Development, Social
                                                              Performance
                                                              Summary




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 255
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                   Assured by
                                                                                                                   independent
 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs           Reporting Location      Reference and Remarks      practitioner

 Aspect B4: Labour Standards

 General      Information on:                                   Diversity & Inclusion
 Disclosure   a. the policies; and
              b. compliance with relevant laws and
                  regulations that have a significant
                  impact on the issuer

              relating to preventing child and forced
              labour.

 KPI B4.1     Description of measures to review employment      Diversity & Inclusion
              practices to avoid child and forced labour.

 KPI B4.2     Description of steps taken to eliminate such      Diversity & Inclusion
              practices when discovered.

 Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

 General      Policies on managing environmental and social     Win-win Partnership     Supplier Code of Conduct
 Disclosure   risks of the supply chain.                        & Value Chain
                                                                                        https://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                        new/uploads/page/
                                                                                        about-us/2016/corporate-
                                                                                        governance/HKBN_
                                                                                        Group_Supplier_Code_
                                                                                        of_Conduct_en.pdf

 KPI B5.1     Number of suppliers by geographical region.       Win-win Partnership
                                                                & Value Chain, Social
                                                                Performance
                                                                Summary

 KPI B5.2     Description of practices relating to engaging     Win-win Partnership
              suppliers, number of suppliers where the          & Value Chain
              practices are being implemented, and how
              they are implemented and monitored.

 KPI B5.3     Description of practices used to identify         Win-win Partnership
              environmental and social risks along the supply   & Value Chain
              chain, and how they are implemented and
              monitored.

 KPI B5.4     Description of practices used to promote          Win-win Partnership
              environmentally preferable products and           & Value Chain
              services when selecting suppliers, and how
              they are implemented and monitored.




256 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                    ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                    Assured by
                                                                                                                    independent
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs             Reporting Location      Reference and Remarks      practitioner

Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

General      Information on:                                     Impactful Customer      Code of Practices on
Disclosure   a. the policies; and                                Experience, Reliable    Marketing Call
             b. compliance with relevant laws and                & Responsible
                 regulations that have a significant impact      Service, Data Privacy   https://www.hkbn.net/
                 on the issuer                                   & Security,             personal/support/en/
                                                                 Corporate               code-of-practices-on-
             relating to health and safety, advertising,         Governance Report       marketing-calls
             labelling and privacy matters relating to
             products and services provided and methods
             of redress.

KPI B6.1     Percentage of total products sold or shipped        Reliable &
             subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.   Responsible Service

KPI B6.2     Number of products and service related              Impactful Customer
             complaints received and how they are dealt          Experience
             with.

KPI B6.3     Description of practices relating to observing      Corporate
             and protecting intellectual property rights.        Governance Report

KPI B6.4     Description of quality assurance process and        Reliable &
             recall procedures.                                  Responsible Service

KPI B6.5     Description of consumer data protection and         Data Privacy &          Personal Data & Privacy
             privacy policies, and how they are implemented      Security                Statement
             and monitored.
                                                                                         http://www.hkbn.net/pps/
                                                                                         en

                                                                                         Personal Information
                                                                                         Collection Statement

                                                                                         http://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                         pics/en




                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 257
ESG Content Indexes

                                                                                                                       Assured by
                                                                                                                       independent
 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs            Reporting Location      Reference and Remarks         practitioner
 Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
 General      Information on:                                    Corporate               Anti-Bribery, Anti-
 Disclosure   a. the policies; and                               Governance Report       Corruption, Anti-Fraud and
              b. compliance with relevant laws and                                       Conflict of Interest Policy
                  regulations that have a significant impact
                  on the issuer                                                          https://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                         anti-bribery
              relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
              laundering.                                                                Whistleblowing Policy

                                                                                         https://www.hkbn.net/
                                                                                         whistleblowing
 KPI B7.1     Number of concluded legal cases regarding          Corporate
              corrupt practices brought against the issuer or    Governance Report
              its employees during the reporting period and
              the outcomes of the cases.
 KPI B7.2     Description of preventive measures and             Corporate
              whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are       Governance Report
              implemented and monitored.
 KPI B7.3     Description of anti-corruption training provided   Corporate
              to directors and staff.                            Governance Report
 Aspect B8: Community Investment
 General      Policies on community engagement to                Digital Inclusion for   Corporate Social
 Disclosure   understand the needs of the communities            our Communities         Investment Policy
              where the issuer operates and to ensure its
              activities take into consideration the                                     https://www.hkbn.net/
              communities’ interests.                                                    csi_policy/en
 KPI B8.1     Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,       Digital Inclusion for
              environmental concerns, labour needs, health,      our Communities
              culture, sport).
 KPI B8.2     Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to      Digital Inclusion for
              the focus area.                                    our Communities,
                                                                 Social Performance
                                                                 Summary




258 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                  Corporate Information

Chairman and Independent                            Executive Directors
Non-executive Director
                                                    Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                             Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI (1)

Non-executive Directors                             Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Shengping YU                                    Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG (3)
Mr. Liyang ZHANG                                    Ms. Cordelia CHUNG (4)
Mr. Agus TANDIONO (2)                               Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG (3)
                                                    Mr. Stanley CHOW (5)
                                                    Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW (5)
                                                    Ms. Edith Manling NGAN (2)

Company Secretary                                   Authorised Representatives

Ms. Chung Man CHENG                                 Ms. Chung Man CHENG
                                                    Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG (6)
                                                    Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI (1)


Composition of Board Committees (as at the date of this Report)

                                                                                            Environmental,
                                                                                              Social and
                                          Audit     Nomination         Remuneration          Governance
  Director                              Committee   Committee           Committee             Committee

  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                Member       Chairman           Chairman
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                                                           Member
  Ms. Shengping YU                                    Member
  Mr. Liyang ZHANG                       Member                              Member
  Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG                                                  Member            Chairman
  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                                  Member                 Member
  Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                Chairman      Member                                    Member


Notes:

(1)   Resigned on 28 February 2024.

(2)   Resigned on 13 September 2023.

(3)   Appointed on 13 September 2023.

(4)   Appointed on 15 December 2023.

(5)   Retired on 15 December 2023.

(6)   Appointed on 28 February 2024.




                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024 259
Corporate Information

Registered Office                                                 Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and
                                                                  Transfer Office
P.O. Box 309
Ugland House                                                      COMPUTERSHARE HONG KONG INVESTOR SERVICES
Grand Cayman KY1-1104                                             LIMITED
Cayman Islands                                                    Rooms 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                                  Hopewell Centre
Head Office and Principal Place of                                183 Queen’s Road East
Business in Hong Kong                                             Wanchai
                                                                  Hong Kong
19/F, Tower 1, The Quayside
77 Hoi Bun Road                                                   Principal Bankers
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong                                                         CITIBANK, N.A., HONG KONG BRANCH
                                                                  50th Floor, Champion Tower
Auditor                                                           3 Garden Road, Central
                                                                  Hong Kong
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance           STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG)
  with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance   LIMITED
8th Floor, Prince’s Building                                      3rd Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
10 Chater Road                                                    4–4A Des Voeux Road Central
Central                                                           Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                                                  Company’s Website
Cayman Principal Share Registrar and
Transfer Office                                                   www.hkbnltd.net

MAPLES FUND SERVICES (CAYMAN) LIMITED                             Stock Code
P.O. Box 1093
Boundary Hall                                                     1310
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




260 HKBN Ltd. Annual Report 2024
