Unless otherwise stated, all monetary figures from this report are in Hong Kong dollars. This report is published
in both English and Chinese. Where the English and the Chinese texts conflict, the English text shall prevail.
In the span of over two decades, HKBN evolved from
a Telco to an ICT Powerhouse. This transcendence
reflects our shift from connecting society to actively
driving its progress and development via technologies,
solutions, services, products and experiences that are
now integral to every aspect of modern life.




CONTENTS
2     Shareholder Letter
3     Our Purpose
4     Key Financial and Operational Summary
6     Management Discussion and Analysis
10    Key Awards and Recognitions
12    Special Feature: Empowering Businesses
14    Special Feature: Transcending for Consumers
16    A Look at 1H2024
29    Review Report
30    Unaudited Consolidated Income Statement
31    Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
32    Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
34    Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
36    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
37    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
61    Other Information
71    Corporate Information
Shareholder Letter

Dear Fellow Shareholders,


                       Building a Solid Foundation for Sustainable Growth
We are persevering and heading in the right direction to establish a solid foundation for continued growth of our
Enterprise Solutions and Residential Solutions businesses.

Enterprise Solutions: Capturing Growth Through ICT Transcendence
Our Enterprise Solutions business continued to transform into an ICT Powerhouse, as we achieved increased market
penetration through the acquisition of new customers from the public sector, large enterprises, and through
strengthening our position in the SME segment. Our genre-redefining solutions, such as IT·Simplified and AegisConnect,
have gained significant traction among our enterprise customers. Tailored IT package solutions like OFFICE-IN-A-BOX
and SHOP-IN-A-BOX were introduced to address sector-specific IT challenges. These developments highlight our
strategic synergies in increasing enterprise wallet share through cross-selling fixed telecom network services and system
integration solutions. We will continuously pursue premium ICT solutions to empower businesses to thrive.

Residential Solutions: Ongoing Infinite-play Strategy for ARPH Growth
As the premier broadband provider offering money-back guaranteed service, HKBN is committed to delivering a wide
range of choices. Our Infinite-play strategy remains instrumental in driving sustainable growth of our average revenue
per household (ARPH). As Hong Kong’s only ecosystem to offer Netflix, Disney+, myTV SUPER, and iQIYI, we provide
unparalleled entertainment options for consumers. With the addition of N mobile, our new travel and lifestyle mobile
brand, complementing our existing MVNO mobile services — which is backed by China Mobile Hong Kong, SmarTone
and 3HK — we now offer one of the market’s most comprehensive selections of local and roaming options to cater to
our enterprise and residential customers.

Leading the Evolution of Connectivity
Through a strategic alliance with Nokia, we are poised to change the industry by offering pre-sales of Hong Kong’s first
25Gbps fibre network across the city^ to enterprise and residential customers. With this bold step, we anticipate steadily
gaining market share and improving revenue from high-margin core services over the next 12–18 months, positioning us
for solid growth in a key business area.

Looking ahead, our commitment to ICT transcendence remains rock-solid, and the effectiveness of our ongoing Infinite-
play strategy is proven. We prioritise prudent resource management and allocation, enhancing operating expenses and
capital expenditures to ensure maximum returns for growth.

Sincerely yours,




William Yeung
Co-Owner, Executive Vice-chairman & Group CEO


^
    According to the market data disclosed by major telecommunication service providers in Hong Kong as at 26 April 2024, HKBN is the first
    telecommunication service provider to pre-sell 25Gbps broadband service in Hong Kong.


2    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                Our Purpose



MAKE
OUR HOME
A BETTER PLACE
TO LIVE
At HKBN, we believe that purpose without action is meaningless. While many companies
and organisations speak of the importance of purpose, only a few possess the culture,
commitment, and Talents to consistently bring their purpose to life in a sustainable
manner. We go to great lengths to ensure that our purpose is not merely an empty
mission statement, but rather deeply ingrained across all aspects of our operations.


Our Core Purpose, “Make our Home a Better Place to Live”, guides everything we do. Like our North Star, it serves as
a constant presence, shaping our actions and decisions. We understand that our pursuit of profits must always be
accompanied by integrity, especially as we leverage our technology, scale and resources to create positive impacts for all
stakeholders, including our Talents, shareholders, customers, partners & suppliers, local communities, and the
environment. Moreover, we embrace inclusivity as a fundamental value, fostering an environment that is fair and
transparent.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   3
Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 1: Financial highlights
                                                                  For the six months ended
                                                                  29 February      28 February    Change
                                                                        2024             2023        YoY
    Key financials ($’000)
    Revenue                                                        5,809,091         6,707,216      -13%
    – Enterprise Solutions                                         2,310,418         2,348,457       -2%
    – Enterprise Solutions related products                          951,692         1,039,731       -8%
    – Residential Solutions                                        1,181,509         1,196,941       -1%
    – Handset and other products                                   1,365,472         2,122,087      -36%
    Profit for the period                                              1,534            23,238      -93%
    Adjusted Net Profit     1,2
                                                                      85,508           102,208      -16%
    EBITDA   1,3
                                                                   1,151,172         1,195,742       -4%
    Adjusted Free Cash Flow 1,4                                      124,248           367,648      -66%
    Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Profit 1,2
    Profit for the period                                              1,534            23,238      -93%
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                185,771           195,991       -5%
    Deferred tax arising from amortisation of intangible assets       (30,652)         (32,100)      -5%
    Deferred tax recognised on unused tax losses                      (71,145)         (84,921)     -16%
    Adjusted Net Profit                                               85,508           102,208      -16%
    Reconciliation of EBITDA & Adjusted Free Cash Flow    1,3,4


    Profit for the period                                              1,534            23,238      -93%
    Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs         135,127           138,945       -3%
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                185,771           195,991       -5%
    Depreciation                                                     423,891           466,287       -9%
    Finance costs                                                    400,712           324,445     +24%
    Income tax charge/(credit)                                         6,254           (12,196)   >100%
    Interest income                                                    (5,832)          (4,702)    +24%
    Loss on disposal of subsidiary                                     3,715                 –      100%
    Share of loss of discontinued operation                                 –           63,734     -100%
    EBITDA                                                         1,151,172         1,195,742       -4%
    Capital expenditure                                             (204,240)         (304,234)     -33%
    Changes in working capital                                        (16,929)         159,811    ->100%
    Customer acquisition and retention costs                        (139,556)         (120,573)    +16%
    Income tax paid                                                 (212,551)         (234,305)      -9%
    Lease payment in relation to right-of-use assets                  (91,504)         (88,654)     +3%
    Net interest paid                                               (362,144)         (240,139)    +51%
    Adjusted Free Cash Flow                                          124,248           367,648      -66%



4      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                      Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 2: Operational highlights

                                                                                 For the six months ended
                                                                    29 February                 31 August             28 February                  Change
                                                                          2024                       2023                   2023                      YoY

  Enterprise business
  Commercial building coverage                                               8,120                    8,090                    8,033                    +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    – Broadband                                                                110                       117                     119                     -8%
    – Voice                                                                    373                       388                     401                     -7%
  Enterprise customers 5 (’000)                                                  97                      101                     103                     -6%
  Residential business
  Residential homes passed (’000)                                            2,579                    2,560                    2,543                    +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    – Broadband                                                                903                       920                     915                     -1%
    – Voice                                                                    367                       386                     411                    -11%
  Residential ARPU 6                                                          $181                     $177                    $179                     +1%
  Mobile business
  Subscriptions (’000)                                                         234                       239                     241                     -3%
  Residential customers (’000)                                                 956                       972                     980                     -2%
  Total full-time permanent Talents                                          4,159                    4,428                    4,834                    -14%

Notes:

(1)   EBITDA, AFF and Adjusted Net Profit are not measures of performance under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”). These measures
      do not represent, and should not be used as substitutes for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with HKFRSs.
      These measures are not necessarily an indication of whether cash flow will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements. In addition, our definitions of
      these measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.

(2)   Adjusted Net Profit means profit for the year plus amortisation of intangible assets (net of deferred tax credit and direct cost incurred in corresponding
      year) and deferred tax recognised on unused tax losses.

(3)   EBITDA means profit for the year plus finance costs, income tax charge/(credit), depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets (net of direct cost
      incurred in corresponding period), amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs, loss on disposal of subsidiary, share of loss of
      discontinued operation less interest income.

(4)   AFF means EBITDA less capital expenditure, customer acquisition and retention costs, net interest paid, income tax paid, lease payments in relation
      to right-of-use assets and changes in working capital. Working capital includes other non-current assets, inventories, trade receivables, other
      receivables, deposits and prepayments, contract assets, amounts due from joint ventures and associates, amounts due to joint ventures and
      associates, trade payables (including amount utilised for supply chain financing), contract liabilities, and deposits received.

(5)   Enterprise customers means total number of enterprise customers excluding IDD, product resell and mobile customers.

(6)   ARPU means average revenue per user per month. Calculated by dividing the revenue generated in the relevant period from services subscribed by
      residential broadband subscribers, which include broadband services and any bundled voice, IP-TV and/or other entertainment services (excluding
      revenue from IDD and mobile services), by the number of average residential broadband subscriptions and further dividing by the number of months
      in the relevant period. Average residential broadband subscriptions are calculated by dividing the sum of such subscriptions at the beginning of the
      period and the end of the period by two. Our use and computation of residential ARPU may differ from the industry definition of ARPU due to our
      tracking of revenue generated from all services subscribed by residential broadband subscribers. We believe this gives us a better tool for observing
      the performance of our business as we track our residential ARPU on a bundled rather than standalone basis.




                                                                                                                    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024             5
Management Discussion and Analysis

Business Review
Despite robust demand for digital transformation, the slow economic recovery and escalating interest rates have
challenged our customers’ businesses operations and delayed project timelines over the past six months. Adding to
these challenges is the broader trend of consumers postponing handset upgrades, significantly driving down industry-
wide sales. As a result, our Group’s overall revenue for the six months ended 29 February 2024 (“1H2024”) dropped by
13% to $5,809 million. Nevertheless, we have capitalised on our robust telecommunications infrastructure and dedication
to our strategic roadmap. This focus has yielded a steady year-on-year growth of 1% in our core business segments,
including fixed telecommunications network services, technology solutions, and consultancy services.

Aligned with industry-wide headwinds, our Enterprise Solutions business reported a year-on-year revenue decline of 4%
to $3,262 million. However, the business has continued to strengthen its core business performance and recorded a 3%
increase in enterprise services revenue — excluding international telecommunications services — a testament to our
system integration capabilities. We are managing a strong revenue backlog from contracts set to mature over the next 2
to 3 years, promising to offset the reduced backlog from previous financial years. We anticipate a full adjustment of our
contract base within this timeframe to reflect these changes.

Benefited by customers’ strong demand for cloud technology, our cloud services business has been a key growth driver
to our enterprise revenue. Our deep industry expertise was clearly demonstrated with last year’s successful launches of
IT·Simplified and AegisConnect. Recently, we have added OFFICE-IN-A-BOX and SHOP-IN-A-BOX to our portfolio,
providing bespoke IT package solutions that directly address industry-specific challenges.

Strategically, we have grown our market presence, expanded our client base in the public sector and large enterprises,
and strengthened our foothold in the SME sector. We have made significant strides in the region by facilitating
businesses from mainland China, especially from the Greater Bay Area, in their ventures into Hong Kong, and supporting
both local and global companies as they establish themselves in mainland China. Revenue from mainland China and
Macau remained stable.

Our Residential Solutions business demonstrated resilience with a slight revenue decline of 1% to $1,182 million. During
1H2024, we have strengthened partnerships to enhance our offerings. One of the key initiatives was our collaboration
with TP-Link to launch the Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution — the first of its kind in Asia to combine our 2000Mbps fibre
broadband with the Aginet platform for real-time remote network management. Our efforts have boosted a substantial
uptake of our high-speed fibre services, particularly the 2000Mbps package upgrade.

Our service revenue remained steady as we diligently pursued our Infinite-play strategy, diversifying our portfolio of
value-added services to deepen customer engagement. This strategy has been particularly fruitful, significantly
enhancing customer engagement with our entertainment ecosystem, which features heavyweights like Netflix, Disney+,
myTV SUPER, and iQIYI. This, in turn, contributed to a notable rise in average revenue per user (“ARPU”), as residential
ARPU increased by 1% to $181.

Moreover, with travel activity rebounding to pre-pandemic levels, our innovative Global SIM service sales have
significantly increased, driven by a resurgence in consumers’ data roaming needs.

Network costs and costs of sales decreased year-on-year by 18% to $3,772 million mainly due to the decrease in cost of
inventories.

Other operating expenses decreased year-on-year by 7% to $1,628 million, which was mainly due to a decrease in
streamlined costs of $56 million, a decrease in depreciation of $41 million, a decrease in amortisation of intangible assets
and customer acquisition and retention costs of $14 million and others of $15 million but were partly offset by an increase
in advertising and marketing expenses of $2 million and an increase in recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables
and contract assets of $5 million.




6    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis

Finance costs increased year-on-year by 24% to $401 million. This was mainly caused by an increase in interest and
finance charges on bank loans of $98 million due to HIBOR increase and partly offset by an increase in fair value gain on
interest-rate swap of $22 million.

Income tax increased year-on-year by 151% from a tax credit of $12 million to a tax charge of $6 million which was due to
the decrease in recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses of the Group’s subsidiary.

As a result of the aforementioned factors, profit attributable to equity shareholders decreased year-on-year by 93% to $2
million.

EBITDA decreased year-on-year by 4% to $1,151 million, mainly due to softer sales of handset and other products,
though this was partially offset by reduced operating expenses from operational improvements.

Adjusted free cash flow (“AFF”) decreased year-on-year by 66% to $124 million, mainly caused by a decrease in EBITDA
of $45 million, an increase in net interest paid by $122 million, a decrease in working capital inflow of $177 million, an
increase in customer acquisition and retention cost of $19 million and an increase in lease payment in relation to right-of-
use assets of $3 million, and which were partly offset by a decrease in capital expenditure of $100 million and a decrease
on income tax paid of $22 million.

Outlook

As we look into the second half of the year, with interest rates forecasted to moderate, we are well positioned to forge
ahead in our strategic roadmap. Our focus remains sharply on elevating operational efficiency and maintaining agility in
our execution to enhance profitability. In parallel, we will explore refinancing opportunities to optimise our capital
structure. These strategic moves are pivotal in maintaining our resilience and steadiness in the midst of economic
uncertainties, thereby securing a path to a future filled with opportunities.

In a strategic move to strengthen our market position, we recently announced our collaboration with Nokia to pre-sell
Hong Kong’s first 25Gbps fibre network^. This development is set to upgrade our service propositions to both enterprise
and residential customers, ensuring they benefit from one of the most advanced offerings in the market. Building on the
solid groundwork laid in the first half of the year, we are steadfast in our commitment to deliver high-speed, reliable
network services, and we will continue to leverage our technological expertise to empower our customers in the digital
era.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As at 29 February 2024, the Group had total cash and cash equivalents of $804 million (31 August 2023: $1,017 million)
and gross debt of $11,461 million (31 August 2023: $11,589 million), which led to a net debt position of $10,657 million (31
August 2023: $10,572 million). Lease liabilities of $461 million (31 August 2023: $536 million) was included as debt as at 29
February 2024 in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities. The Group’s gearing ratio, which was
expressed as a ratio of the gross debt over total equity, was 4.1x as at 29 February 2024 (31 August 2023: 3.8x).

The Group’s net debt to EBITDA ratio as computed in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities was
approximately 5.3x as at 29 February 2024 (31 August 2023: 5.1x). The average finance cost calculated as the interest and
coupon charges over the average borrowing balance was 6.5% (31 August 2023: 5.3%). The average weighted maturity of
the Group’s borrowings was 1.9 years as at 29 February 2024 (31 August 2023: 2.4 years).


^
    According to the market data disclosed by major telecommunication service providers in Hong Kong as at 26 April 2024, HKBN is the first
    telecommunication service provider to pre-sell 25Gbps broadband service in Hong Kong.


                                                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024       7
Management Discussion and Analysis

Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash at bank and in hand. There was no pledged bank deposit as at 29 February
2024 and 31 August 2023. As at 29 February 2024, the Group had an undrawn revolving credit facility of $1,328 million (31
August 2023: $1,763 million).

Under the liquidity and capital resources condition as at 29 February 2024, the Group can fund its capital expenditures
and working capital requirements for the year with internal resources and the available banking facilities.

Hedging

The Group’s policy is to partially hedge the interest rate risk arising from the variable interest rates of the debt
instruments and facilities by entering into interest-rate swaps. The Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer are primarily responsible for overseeing the hedging activities. Under their guidance, the Group’s finance team is
responsible for planning, executing and monitoring the hedging activities.

The Group would not enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes. The Group entered into an interest-
rate swap arrangement in the principal amount of $5,250 million with an international financial institution for a term of 2.5
years from 1 June 2023 to 24 November 2025. Benefiting from the hedging arrangement, the Group fixed the HIBOR
interest rate exposure at 3.95% per annum.

The interest-rate swap arrangement is recognised initially at fair value and remeasured at the end of each reporting
period. Neither of the financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9, Financial instruments, and
therefore, it is accounted for as held for trading and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Charge on Group Assets

As at 29 February 2024, the Group pledged assets to secure the other borrowings of $33 million (31 August 2023: $49
million).

Contingent Liabilities

As at 29 February 2024, the Group had total contingent liabilities of $282 million (31 August 2023: $267 million) in respect
of bank guarantees provided to suppliers and customers and utility vendors in lieu of payment of utility deposits. The
increase of $15 million was mainly due to an increase in performance guarantee issued to the Group’s suppliers and
customers.

A subsidiary of the Group received a claim from a supplier regarding the early termination charge under several
agreements. The Group considers the claim is not valid, and therefore, continues to deny the above liability. Based on
the legal advice received, management believes that the probability of a successful claim is low. However, if the claim is
successful, the potential exposure of the Group of the claim will amount to approximately $24 million. No provision has
been made in respect of this claim.




8    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

Exchange Rates

All the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities are primarily denominated in either Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) or United
States dollars (“USD”). Given the exchange rate of HKD to the USD has remained close to the current pegged rate of
HKD7.80 = USD1.00 since 1983, management does not expect significant foreign exchange gains or losses between the
two currencies. The Group is also exposed to a certain amount of foreign exchange risk based on fluctuations between
HKD and Renminbi arising from its operations. In order to limit this foreign currency risk exposure, the Group ensures
that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level of buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary.

Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

The Group did not make any significant investments, acquisitions or disposals in relation to its subsidiaries and
associated companies during the six months ended 29 February 2024.

Talent Remuneration

As at 29 February 2024, the Group had 4,159 permanent full-time Talents (31 August 2023: 4,428 Talents). The Group
provides remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are discretionary
and dependent on both the Group’s and individual performances. The Group also provides comprehensive medical
insurance coverage, competitive retirement benefits schemes, and Talent training programmes.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   9
Key Awards and Recognitions

As highlights of our achievements, HKBN proudly received the following awards and
recognitions during the reporting period:



     Cisco Partner Summit 2023
     Greater China Partner of the Year




                                                              2023 CAHK STAR Award
                                                              Best Fixed Network Operator (Silver Award)




     Hong Kong Retail Technology Industry
     Association
     Best Retail Innovation (Product & Solution) Gold Award
     – “SHOP-IN-A-BOX”




                                                              Hong Kong’s First Certified Amazon
                                                              Web Services Managed Service Provider




10     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                            Key Awards and Recognitions


                                       Cyber Security Professional Awards 2023
                                       Cyber Security Premium Partner Award




Hong Kong’s First Certified Alibaba
Cloud Landing Zone Partner




                                           HK01
                                           01 Gold Medal Awards 2023 — Outstanding Integrated
                                           Communications Services Provider



First APAC Partner to Achieve All
Specialisations in Fortinet’s Engage
Partner Program




                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   11
Empowering
Empowering         Businesses
           Businesses

Digitalisation is the process of taking legacy business operations and transforming them to new levels of
efficiency, agility, and scalability. By integrating digital technologies, tools, systems, data, and processes,
companies can enhance how they operate and unlock advantages like streamlined workflows, task
automation, always-connected cloud capabilities, increased productivity, remote collaboration, cost
savings, better decision-making, and more.

Drawing on our expertise as an ICT Powerhouse, HKBN has been at the forefront of empowering
companies on their digital transformation journeys. Our wide-ranging suite of offerings, spanning from
highly complex and bespoke solutions to productised options that address longstanding pain points, has
helped countless businesses overcome a myriad of challenges and meet their success objectives. Our
latest turn-key package solutions, OFFICE-IN-A-BOX and SHOP-IN-A-BOX, each one a culmination of
HKBNES’s capabilities, represent a remarkable opportunity to empower enterprise organisations and
retailers — two vital market segments — with the key foundations for better productivity and efficiency.




                Productivity with No
                Boundaries




                The profound transformations in how and where
                people work is having a huge impact on the way
                organisations approach flexibility, with remote work
                becoming increasingly prevalent. In light of this
                paradigm shift, OFFICE-IN-A-BOX provides                    Samuel Hui, Co-Owner and Chief Strategy Officer — Enterprise
                companies with an integrated one-stop solution that         Solutions unveils OFFICE-IN-A-BOX, the all-in-one platform for
                                                                            driving the hybrid work evolution.
                enables seamless collaboration across hybrid
                environments.

                At its core, OFFICE-IN-A-BOX fuses the latest communication, productivity and security technologies with
                cloud-based productivity tools. This comprehensive solution allows employees to work with remarkable
                efficiency by enabling seamless collaboration, instant communication, and safe access to data and files.
                Eliminating geographical barriers, OFFICE-IN-A-BOX redefines the way teams operate — and hire —
                regardless of their physical location.


     “OFFICE-IN-A-BOX also stands out for its emphasis on secure connectivity, which is critical for driving
     continuity and resilience in hybrid work environments. With a range of cybersecurity technologies and our
     AegisConnect-enabled connectivity management system, customers gain full visibility into their network
     — and the ability to stop potential issues from happening. Supported by our team of 600+ certified engineers,
     OFFICE-IN-A-BOX offers comprehensive services and 24/7 IT support, enabling businesses to quickly get
     their employees working and collaborating.”

     Samuel Hui
     Co-Owner and Chief Strategy Officer — Enterprise Solutions

12    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
        Simplifying Retail




        The retail industry has witnessed a dramatic transformation in recent years, with businesses
        increasingly relying on digital platforms to deepen and enhance the customer experience. However,
        setting up and managing various aspects of a retail business, such as payment processing, inventory
        management & logistics, connectivity & Wi-Fi, security & surveillance, IT support and others, can all
        be extremely complex and time-consuming. This is where SHOP-IN-A-BOX steps in, simplifying the
        shop management process so that retail businesses can get up and running easily.

        By integrating hardware and software with cloud management, advanced applications and IoT
        technology, SHOP-IN-A-BOX gives retailers the tools and infrastructure to achieve full operational
        visibility and enhanced efficiency. Packages include point-of-sales (POS) systems, secure e-payment
        gateway and self-serve kiosks; full visibility managed Internet and Wi-Fi; inventory management
        digital tools that allow retailers to efficiently track stock levels; and CCTV surveillance.




                                                                    “In today’s retail landscape, the demands placed on
                                                                    businesses extend far beyond the capabilities of a
                                                                    simple point-of-sale (POS) system. For instance, when
                                                                    a customer’s payment fails to process, valuable time is
                                                                    often wasted in identifying whether the issue lies with
                                                                    the equipment, the payment gateway, or even
                                                                    Internet outage. Recognising such challenges, SHOP-
                                                                    IN-A-BOX offers retailers a turn-key solution that
                                                                    streamlines operations, ensures seamless connectivity,
                                                                    effortlessly manages in-store systems and inventory,
                                                                    and more. Backed by our extensive network expertise
                                                                    and dedicated RetailCare technical support team,
                                                                    SHOP-IN-A-BOX is tailored to help retailers, including
                                                                    local, mainland and international businesses looking
                                                                    to expand or set up shops in Hong Kong, enhance
                                                                    their operations.”

                                                                    Samuel Hui
                                                                    Co-Owner and Chief Strategy Officer — Enterprise
                                                                    Solutions

Changing the game to make life easier for retailers,
Juliana Lam, Co-Owner and Vice President — Retail
and Mid-Market — Enterprise Solutions (on left), and
Samuel Hui, Co-Owner and Chief Strategy Officer
— Enterprise Solutions (on right), proudly unveil
SHOP-IN-A-BOX.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024     13
                                Transcending for Consumers:
                                N mobile & Priority Plus
                                As a company that has had a long history of disruptive innovation, our objective has always
                                been to enhance the lives of consumers. By asking fundamental questions like, how can we
                                elevate the customer experience or how can we create value and service that truly
                                resonates with consumers, we are able to relentlessly challenge the status quo, push
                                   existing boundaries, and deliver truly transcendent services and offerings to the
                                      marketplace.

                                             Our new Infinite-play offerings, N mobile and Priority Plus, are the latest
                                                 examples of HKBN expanding the mobile and home connectivity space
                                                    while delivering delightful benefits for our customers.

More Than Just
a Mobile Service
In late 2023, N mobile was introduced to complement our existing HKBN mobile services. Unlike traditional
mobile plans, N mobile was created as a disruptive brand that blends lifestyle & travel, user customisation, and
more, for a superior all-in-one mobile service platform.

As a truly unique service package experience, N mobile empowers users with a combination of innovative
features, partner rewards, unmatched customisation, and flexible pricing. From customisable data packages and
roaming options to discounts on Uber, N mobile offers endless possibilities in an increasingly borderless world.
This is especially relevant at a time when Hongkongers continue to explore the world en masse, as well as travel,
shop, dine and spend on entertainment at unprecedented rates in mainland China.

A differentiating highlight of N mobile is its striking focus on meeting the growing demand in Hong Kong for
comprehensive cross-border and overseas connectivity. Packed full of value-added features, N mobile
offers access to local and Greater Bay Area mobile data, our Global SIM Travel Data service, the Global
Talk+ voice roaming app (to make and receive free calls to Hong Kong from anywhere with travel data),
and HKBN SAFE network security protection. These ensure that our customers stay connected with
peace of mind and unmatched convenience wherever they go.




     Lifestyle & Travel Collaborations
     To address the diverse lifestyle and travel needs of our customers, N mobile
     has forged strategic collaborations with key industry leaders. Through an
     expanding range of high-profile partnerships, we bring a selection of
     value-added benefits to our customers.

     For instance, our collaboration with AlipayHK enables N mobile users to
     enjoy $1 rides on the Shenzhen Metro — a strategic reward that drives
     customer engagement while cultivating long-term loyalty.

           Our collaboration with foodpanda also offers N mobile users
                                                                                    N mobile brings customers an array of tantalizing “local +
           complimentary pandapro memberships and food discounts. By
                                                                                    overseas” rewards from renowned partner brands such as
           tapping into the booming food delivery market, N mobile also             Agoda, AlipayHK, foodpanda, KKday and more. From left:
           addresses the gastronomic cravings of users.                             Carmen Yip, Director of Enterprise at foodpanda Hong
                                                                                    Kong; Jess Ho, Associate Director, Greater China Strategic
           Plus, we also teamed up with rideshare giant Uber to bring discounts.    Partnerships at Agoda; Co-Owner-to-be & Chief
                                                                                    Transformation Officer Kenneth She; Karl Wong, Head of
           Whether N mobile users need a ride locally or travel to the airport,     Growth at AlipayHK; Tim Yu, Head of Business Development
           they can enjoy special savings when using Uber.                          at KKday.

14    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
Priority Plus:
Home Connectivity Made Easy
Over the past several years, we have challenged the market by introducing
Wi-Fi as a managed solution that handles tasks like Wi-Fi setup, installation,
and technical support on behalf of mass-market consumers.

Priority Plus, delivered in collaboration with TP-Link, enhances our managed                           “Many customers tell us they’d rather leave
solution and completely simplifies home connectivity. This all-in-one home                             the stress and complexities of Wi-Fi to the
Wi-Fi solution, powered by TP-Link’s Aginet network management platform,                               experts. With Priority Plus, users no longer
offers unparalleled convenience, reliability and expedient remote diagnosis                            need to set up their own routers or
& support.                                                                                             troubleshoot complex issues. TP-Link’s cutting-
                                                                                                       edge Aginet Unified Cloud system ensures
                                                                                                       seamless network management, allowing
                                                                                                       remote diagnosis and correction of most
                                                                                                       network abnormalities. Put simply, Priority Plus
                                                                                                       makes life easier for users as it minimises
                                                                                                       network problems and maximises network
                                                                                                       performance for the
                                                                                                       entire household,”

                                                                                                       Elinor Shiu
                                                                                                       Co-Owner and CEO
                                                                                                       — Residential
                                                                                                       Solutions




HKBN and TP-Link debut one-stop Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution to elevate customers’ online
entertainment experience. From left: Rex Hui, Co-Owner and Head of Product Development &
Management, Residential Solutions; Daniel Zhou, Product Director, TP-Link Hong Kong & Macau.




Priority Plus Advantages

                 Convenience:                                                                    Seamless Connectivity:
                 Setting up and configuring a Wi-Fi router                                       From network settings and security
                 can be complex and time-consuming.                                              enhancements to firmware updates,
                 Priority Plus removes the stress out of the                                     everything is taken care of so that users can
                 entire experience – from initial installation                                   enjoy a seamless and hassle-free Wi-Fi
                 to network setup to diagnosis of problems.                                      experience.



                 Technical Expertise:                                                            Anytime, Anywhere Troubleshooting:
                 From start to service commencement,                                             Connectivity and signal issues are a
                 Priority Plus offers comprehensive support.                                     common and recurring frustration. With the
                 Our experts bring the knowledge and                                             ability to remotely diagnose and resolve
                 experience to ensure optimal router                                             issues, Priority Plus relieves customers from
                 placement, network optimisation and                                             the pain of troubleshooting technical
                 security settings, as well as to troubleshoot                                   problems on their own.
                 connectivity issues.



                                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   15
A Look at 1H2024

Customers First

At our core, we are an ICT Powerhouse completely focussed on customer satisfaction. Through leveraging strong
partnerships and our own world-class technology expertise, we empower businesses to operate better and unlock
opportunities in Hong Kong, mainland China, and the ASEAN markets. For residential customers, our disruptive Infinite-
play strategy sets us apart with unparalleled value, choices, experiences, and engagement. And the best part is we are
always striving for more.

AegisConnect AI
Building upon the success and momentum of our AegisConnect solution (first launched July 2023), we introduced
AegisConnect AI in November 2023 to cater to the advanced security requirements of medium and large corporate
clients. By leveraging Palo Alto Networks’ AI-powered extended detection and response capabilities, AegisConnect AI
effectively combats sophisticated network, endpoint, and cloud attacks for enterprises as our solution accurately
identifies threats, delivers real-time insights, and scales threat intelligence distribution.

AegisConnect AI integrates key tech from Palo
Alto Networks’ suite of security solutions,
including Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW),
Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Cloud Access
Security Broker (CASB), and Advanced Endpoint
Protection (AEP). This comprehensive
integration ensures that large enterprises have a
unified and effective security solution to combat
evolving cyber threats.

And just like our game-changing AegisConnect,
AegisConnect AI takes connectivity and
cybersecurity to the next level. Our one-stop
solution combines world-class network
management, cybersecurity technologies,
                                                    HKBNES launches AegisConnect AI, powered by Palo Alto Networks, to address the
high-speed fibre broadband, and 24/7 Security       surging cybersecurity needs in the commercial sector. From left: Wickie Fung, Managing
Operations Centre (SOC) oversight, delivering       Director, Hong Kong & Greater Bay Area of Palo Alto Networks; William Ho, Co-Owner
                                                    and CEO — Enterprise Solutions
ultra-stable, ultra-secure, and easily manageable
connectivity for medium to large enterprises.




16   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                         A Look at 1H2024

HKBNES Becomes Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone Partner
Cloud technology and digital transformation are critical in today’s
dynamic business environment. A cloud landing zone plays a                                   Cloud computing has transitioned from
crucial role in ensuring stability, improving operational efficiency,                        a technology disruptor to a vital driver
strengthening security, and optimising costs during cloud                                    for sustaining business competitiveness.
migrations. With our recognition as the first certified Alibaba                              As global spending on public cloud
Cloud Landing Zone Partner in Hong Kong, HKBNES has taken                                    services is expected to reach US$679
our expertise in cloud architecture to the next level to empower                             billion in 20241, customer demand for
enterprises and their multidimensional needs for cloud-based IT                              cloud solutions and expert support is
architecture design and governance solutions.                                                surging. With our certification
                                                                                             underscoring the strengthened
                                                                                             partnership between HKBNES and
HKBNES will support multiple key domains of Alibaba Cloud
                                                                                             Alibaba Cloud, we will leverage our
Landing Zone’s cloud management framework, including
                                                                                             extensive experiences and expertise to
resource planning, operation and maintenance, compliance and
                                                                                             assist businesses in their cloud
auditing, automation, security protection, financial management,                             transformation journeys, empowering
network planning, and identity and access. Through these                                     customers to capitalise on new market
solutions, we will help our enterprise customers to efficiently                              opportunities, particularly in the GBA
design and manage their IT environments in the cloud.                                        market.




                                                                                             William Ho
                                                                                             Co-Owner and CEO — Enterprise
                                                                                             Solutions




                                                                                             We are thrilled to certify HKBNES as
                                                                                             our first Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone
                                                                                             Partner in Hong Kong. With a highly
                                                                                             successful track record of deploying
                                                                                             multi-cloud system integration for
                                                                                             leading conglomerates, financial
                                                                                             institutions, and the public service
                                                                                             sectors, HKBNES is positioned at the
Breaking new ground in multi-cloud system integration, the HKBN Enterprise
Solutions team is proud to be Hong Kong’s first certified Alibaba Cloud Landing Zone         forefront to unlock even greater
Partner.                                                                                     possibilities from cloud architecture
                                                                                             and multi-cloud system integration in
                                                                                             Hong Kong and beyond.




                                                                                             Leo Liu
                                                                                             Vice President of International Business
                                                                                             and General Manager of North APAC
                                                                                             Region, Alibaba Cloud



1
     Source: Gartner press release: Gartner Says Cloud Will Become a Business Necessity by 2028 (November 2023)



                                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   17
A Look at 1H2024

Fortinet Engage Partner Program
In January 2024, we proudly became APAC’s first to meet all seven specialisations under Fortinet’s prestigious Engage
Partner Program, demonstrating our never-ending commitment to technical excellence.

Fortinet’s Engage Partner Program empowers
partners like us to gain value as trusted advisors who
hold the cutting-edge expertise, services, and
technologies to serve the digital transformation
requirements of our customers. This comprehensive
programme comprises seven specialisations that
partners can attain across high-demand areas in
today’s fast-paced cybersecurity landscape, including
SD-WAN, LAN Edge & SD Branch, Data Centre,
Cloud Security, Zero Trust Network Access,
Operational Technology and Security Operations.




                                                         Breaking ground with yet another first in Asia for HKBN!




      We congratulate HKBNES for being our first                       In an era when technology and threats are
      partner in APAC to achieve all seven                             evolving at an unprecedented pace, we’re
      specialisations in our Engage Partner Program.                   continuing our partnership with Fortinet to
      This remarkable achievement exemplifies                          stay ahead of the industry, and to help more
      HKBNES’s commitment to technology                                organisations across the region expedite their
      excellence and establishes them as a leading                     security and network strategies through
      partner for driving digital innovation and                       unified and integrated solutions.
      progress throughout the region. We are
      thrilled to maintain our partnership with
      HKBNES, working together to provide top-tier
      solutions that will empower businesses in                        Martin Ip
      Hong Kong during their transformation                            Co-Owner, Chief Technology Officer and Vice
      journeys.                                                        President of Sales Engineering — Enterprise
                                                                       Solutions


      Cherry Fung
      Regional Director, Hong Kong, Macau and
      Mongolia, Fortinet




18   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                           A Look at 1H2024

RUCKUS AI-powered Managed Wi-Fi
As AI continues to reshape everyday life, HKBNES teamed
up with RUCKUS Networks (RUCKUS) to launch Hong                       We’re thrilled to extend our strategic
Kong’s first RUCKUS AI-powered Managed Wi-Fi service.                 collaboration with HKBNES to bring our
                                                                      AI-powered Managed Wi-Fi solution to Hong
RUCKUS AI revolutionises network management,                          Kong. This partnership leverages the strengths
delivering substantial productivity improvements for                  of both RUCKUS’s industry-leading AI
businesses globally. This includes impressive reductions of           technology and HKBNES’s exceptional
up to 70% in mean time to resolution and a 60% decrease               connectivity capabilities. Together, we’re
in IT time. HKBNES is excited to provide these advantages             delivering advanced AI capabilities for Wi-Fi
to our customers, offering an AI-driven solution that                 management to empower businesses in Hong
                                                                      Kong.
proactively predicts and prevents potential Wi-Fi issues
before they arise.


                                                                      Wilson Ching
                                                                      Regional Director, GC (China, HK, Macau and
                                                                      Taiwan), RUCKUS NETWORKS



Priority Plus Home Wi-Fi Solution
Priority Plus, the latest collaboration between HKBN and TP-Link, is an enhanced managed solution for home
connectivity. Priority Plus simplifies the Wi-Fi experience by offering an all-in-one home Wi-Fi solution powered by
TP-Link’s Aginet network management platform. With expedient remote diagnosis and support, users no longer have to
worry about setting up routers or troubleshooting complex issues. Priority Plus ensures seamless network management,
minimising problems and maximising performance for the entire household. For more about Priority Plus, please refer to
page 15 of this report.

N mobile
Introduced in late 2023, N mobile is a refreshing
new all-in-one mobile service platform that
combines lifestyle and travel features with user
customisation. With flexible pricing, partner
rewards, and exclusive discounts, N mobile
provides a superior service package experience
focussed on comprehensive cross-border and
overseas connectivity, including local and Greater
Bay Area mobile data, Global SIM Travel Data
service, Global Talk+ voice roaming app, and
HKBN SAFE network security protection. For more
about N mobile, please refer to page 14 of this
report.
                                                      Kenneth She, Co-Owner-to-be and Chief Transformation Officer, showcased N
                                                      mobile’s unique fusion of travel & lifestyle at the launch event.




                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024       19
A Look at 1H2024

Celebrating Win-Wins with Technology Partners                           The Hong Kong Tennis Open 2024 — Official Network
Technology is at the heart of our ICT Powerhouse business               Partner
at HKBN, and we take great pride in forging mutually                    As the Official Network Partner of the highly anticipated
beneficial partnerships with the world’s leading tech                   Bank of China Hong Kong Tennis Open 2024, we
providers. In November 2023, we proudly hosted our 2nd                  demonstrated our expertise in delivering exceptional
Annual HKBNES Partner Night. This exclusive event served                connectivity. Leveraging our position as a leader in high-
as a unique platform to both showcase and strengthen the                performance Internet and wireless services, we ensured
deep connections we have with our technology vendors                    fans both locally and worldwide enjoyed an unparalleled
— as well as recognise their tremendous support in our                  experience while witnessing the exciting action at Victoria
shared journey of growth.                                               Park Tennis Stadium.

                                                                        In collaboration with CommScope RUCKUS Networks
  Highlights of our Partner Night include:
                                                                        (RUCKUS), we equipped the venue with cutting-edge
                                                                        outdoor wireless access points, providing comprehensive
  •      HKBNES’s future roadmap for delivering ICT
                                                                        network coverage and supporting thousands of
         Powerhouse solutions across Hong Kong,
                                                                        simultaneous device connections. Combined with HKBN’s
         mainland China and beyond
                                                                        high-speed fibre broadband service, audiences enjoyed
                                                                        smooth and stable Internet connectivity for live streaming,
  •      We handed out awards to appreciate and
                                                                        capturing and sharing exciting moments, and staying
         recognise the excellence of our technology
                                                                        connected with loved ones throughout the event.
         partners

  •      Connected and engaged with partners on a
         deeper level, enabling stronger collaborations in
         the future

  •      As innovation continues to be a key market
         priority, we showcased our relentless hunger for
         disruption and to grow alongside our partners




                                                                        As the Official Network Partner for the Bank of China Hong Kong Tennis
                                                                        Open 2024, HKBN worked together with HKCTA and RUCKUS to provide a
                                                                        world-class internet experience. (From left: Wilson Ching, RUCKUS
                                                                        NETWORKS Regional Director, GC (China, HK, Macau and Taiwan); Michael
                                                                        Cheng, Hong Kong, China Tennis Association President; Martin Ip,
                                                                        Co-Owner, Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Sales
                                                                        Engineering, Enterprise Solutions.)




Magic happens when great talents come together! HKBN Enterprise
Solutions CXOs and senior leaders rocked the house as hosts at HKBNES
Partner Night 2023.




20    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                           A Look at 1H2024

Talent Engagement

At HKBN, Talents are the driving force behind our success. We believe that in order to lead with Purpose, our Talents
must bring their full passion, commitment, and alignment to work every day. That’s why we go above and beyond to
ensure that HKBNers are fully supported via our unique culture — which embraces diversity, inclusion, LIFE-work Priority
and Talent wellness — with the necessary tools, development opportunities and incentives to thrive and succeed.

LIFE-work Priority & Talent Wellness
As a principle, we maintain that personal wellbeing and family always comes first before work — when Talents can spend
quality time with friends and family, we believe they come to work more motivated and passionate to perform. Upholding
this, we offer our Talents attractive benefits and flexibility for LIFE-work priority — instead of just work-life balance.

Walk Up Jardine House
This year, HKBN enthusiastically participated in the Walk
Up Jardine House, a unique hybrid challenge event
designed to engage participants through a combination
of physical and virtual experiences. Demonstrating our
can-do attitude and strong team spirit, we proudly
achieved first place overall among all companies in
Hong Kong in the virtual challenge. Our remarkable
achievement is the result of our Talents who, over the
course of two weeks, collectively walked a total of
835,243 steps using step machines placed at our offices.



                                                                           Our Talents blazed through the “Walk Up Jardine House — Physical Race”,
                                                                           organised by MINDSET Hong Kong. Fresh off our victory in the virtual race,
                                                                           our Elite Sports Team charged up 49 floors and 947 steps of Jardine House.




Inspiring future heroes! Our Smart Working Parents Club ignited a day of     In the spirit of bringing HKBN and our Talents good fortune, prosperity and
discovery for HKBNers and their little ones at the local fire-station.       plain old fun, we celebrated the Year of the Wood Dragon with traditional
                                                                             lion dance performances!




                                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024         21
A Look at 1H2024

Digitalising our Approach to Talent Wellness
As technologists, we are always seeking innovative ways to make HKBN a better place for our Talents. This time, we
harnessed the power of the MixCare Health platform to digitally redefine how we deliver wellness.

Moving beyond traditional medical insurance coverage, our disruptive approach empowers HKBNers to lead healthier
lifestyles by providing them with a range of flexible options. They can now choose from wellness activities such as fitness
or yoga classes, access prescription eyeglasses or medication, and more. The reimbursement process is simple, requiring
just a few clicks. Moreover, our Talents gain access to a vibrant wellness marketplace, offering incredible discounts on
dental care, health checks, and other services. They even enjoy exclusive HKBN flash offers, including $1 air purifiers,
adding even more delight to their wellness journey.




              Digital wellness at your fingertips! With MixCare, our Talents can now browse the latest wellness offers, redeem health
              & wellness benefits and much more.


Talent Learning & Development
As champions of change, we fully embrace lifelong learning and development to ensure that our Talents can thrive in
today and tomorrow’s competitive landscape. Our Talent development programmes include curated pathways and
recommendations to help Talents grow and develop at every step of their careers — making HKBN one of the best in
our industry at nurturing leaders. Besides providing Talents of every level a broad range of mandatory job-related
knowledge and skills, leadership development and comprehensive training, we also offer tailor-made programmes for
selected Talents.

The following are a sample of the initiatives we organised during the reporting period:

•    ES Sales Accelerator Training, a mandatory training                    •      Impactful Presentation Skills Workshops, delivered
     initiative aimed at improving our ES Sales Talents                            across three sessions, these workshops helped
     and their skills in areas like sales pitching, learning                       empower Talents with the tools and techniques
     from rejection, understanding customer psychology                             needed to deliver high impact presentations.
     and much more.

•    Enhance Team Synergy Workshop, introduced in                           •      Sales Training in mainland China, we custom
     November 2023, is a dynamic programme that                                    developed sales training courses based on our
     assessed individual communication styles and                                  respective departmental needs with an aim of
     provided personalised 1-on-1 coaching to enhance                              improving Talents skillsets and proficiencies.
     rapport and foster a more cohesive and productive
     work environment.
22   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                    A Look at 1H2024

Talent Training                                                              By bringing in individuals with diverse backgrounds,
Regular training plays a crucial part in ensuring that our                   perspectives, and expertise, we enhance the quality of
knowledge, best practices and skills stay up to date. In                     decision-making and broaden the range of experiences
terms of required training for all Talents, we offer annual                  shaping our Group’s strategic direction.
refreshers on job-specific areas like customer service, as
well as ethics training covering anti-bribery, anti-corruption               Enhancing our Business
and whistleblowing.
                                                                             Making progress starts from transforming HKBN into a
All new joiners are required to complete training                            better company — not just in a few areas, but in every area
programmes which familiarise them with our company                           — from our environmental impact and cybersecurity to
culture and policies, as well as to equip them with the                      technology infrastructure.
necessary skills for day-to-day duties. These trainings cover
topics like company culture and policy, IT basics,                           Delivering the best network experience
information security, ESG requirements, and more.                            To maintain our leadership position in terms of
                                                                             performance, reliability and coverage, this year we
During the reporting period, a total of 27,378 hours of                      continued to invest greatly in our network and our
training were provided.                                                      technologies. Standard procedures and escalation
                                                                             guidelines are also in place to ensure rigorous monitoring
                                                                             of our network performance across different service
                                                                             platforms.

                                                                             Network Performance
                                                                             Our Network Operation Centre (NOC) works around-the-
                                                                             clock to monitor and oversee our network performance. By
                                                                             applying innovative network monitoring tools and robotic
                                                                             processing automation (RPA), our NOC actively carries out
                                                                             health checks to ensure network quality is sound and to
                                                                             minimise troubleshooting timeframes. Our NOC also
Unleashing the power within: year-round training helps our Talents sharpen
                                                                             closely monitors WAN link utilisation and dynamically
their skills, knowledge and best practices.                                  manages routing and capacity on-demand to ensure
                                                                             smoother delivery of broadband services.
Diversity & Inclusion
International Women’s Day                                                    To prevent outages, our Network Service team and world-
As a strong advocate for diversity and representation, this                  class partners carry out regular evaluations across our
year we organised a range of engaging workshops and                          various service platforms and equipment infrastructure.
events to commemorate International Women’s Day.                             This helps to ensure a healthy status is maintained
These initiatives aimed to celebrate women while                             throughout — and when anomalies are identified,
promoting gender equality in our workplace. Through                          defective equipment gets quickly replaced.
thought-provoking discussions and empowering sessions,
we fostered an inclusive environment that recognised the
value and perspectives women bring to the growth and
success of HKBN.

Board Diversity
During the reporting period, we furthered our progress in
diversity by expanding the composition of our Board of
Directors. In line with our commitment to inclusivity, we
proudly appointed three highly accomplished female
Independent Non-executive Directors to join our board.

                                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   23
A Look at 1H2024




         Residential Solutions                                           Enterprise Solutions
      Availability of                 Availability of                Availability of                Availability of
      Core Network                   Access Network                  Core Network                  Access Network


       100%                      99.9958%                          99.9998%                     99.9997%
Network Coverage                                               •    Expanded network infrastructure via 10G broadband
Over the past several years, we have continuously                   service and n x 100G network core to future-proof for
expanded our residential and enterprise coverage. We                growing demand from new services and ad-hoc
have set a high priority to support the 5G base stations of         usage surges
mobile network operators by providing state-of-the-art
fibre service with our strong network capacity advantages.     •    Enhanced the power supply and cooling facilities at
We also focussed on newly developed residential and                 our essential hub sites
commercial buildings to ensure fibre service is in place for
users when they move in. Part of our infrastructure strategy   The Customer Experience
is also to accelerate our network’s expansion across rural     Every customer interaction is an opportunity to make a
areas in Hong Kong, prioritising first any villages in close   positive impression on how our brand is perceived and
proximity to our existing fibre network coverage. During       experienced. Through our commitment to deliver
the reporting period, our fibre coverage was extended to       impactful customer experiences, we’re taking a systematic
18,487 additional homes, of which 1,197 were in rural          approach to improve our self-service customer support
areas. Likewise, 27 commercial buildings were added to         functions. Across our Residential Solutions and Enterprise
our fibre network coverage.                                    Solutions businesses, we continued implementing
                                                               measures to enhance and redefine customer experiences.
As at the end of 1H2024, our fibre network reached around      Our embrace of digital innovations is also making it easier
2,579,000 homes and 8,117 commercial buildings and             for customers to do business with us.
facilities.
                                                               Residential Solutions
Network Improvements and Upgrades                              When customers need assistance, they deserve fast, easy
Our world-class network requires the best hardware and         and effective service. Our customers can get help through
software to be the best. Knowing this, we invested heavily     multiple channels such as our customer service hotline,
towards upgrades and expansions on multiple platforms          online platforms, email and social media. Since November
to ensure reliability, operability and scalability.            2020, we have utilised Chatbots to provide instant
                                                               responses to general enquiries made online. At the same
During the reporting period, we undertook the following        time, we also offer self-service tools that provide
network enhancement initiatives:                               customers with flexibility to choose the assistance options
                                                               they prefer. During the reporting period, we achieved an
•    Upgraded our GPON access, DWDM transmission,              average answer rate of 95% across our enquiry channels.
     Metro Ethernet and IP routing for service
     sustainability




24   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                         A Look at 1H2024

Speed isn’t only restricted to our Internet experience; it       Besides surveys, we have also adopted quality
also applies to our service during installation and              enhancement programmes such as mystery shopper and
maintenance. With sufficient manpower in place, we make          promoter booth assessments to evaluate the performance
sure that customers can schedule an installation                 of our direct sales teams. During the reporting period, our
appointment within three calendar days. During the               mystery shopper assessment and promoter booth
reporting period, the average lead time from receiving a         assessment results were respectively at 77.9 out of 100 and
customer request to completing the installation was 1.1          85.8 out of 100.
days. Meanwhile, 99% of maintenance appointments were
arranged within two calendar days.                               Enterprise Solutions
                                                                 To help us better understand customer expectations,
Enterprise Solutions                                             monthly surveys are carried out to gather feedback on our
In addition to our customer service hotline and various          products and services. During the reporting period, the
other online platforms, we have dedicated managers and           average satisfaction scores we received from customers
account serving relationship executives who are assigned         was 4.8 out of 6.
to serve each Enterprise Solutions customer.
                                                                 Selling Responsibly
Enterprise customers can reach us through multiple ways          Doing business the right way means we are committed to
via service hotline, online platforms, emails and other          being fair, transparent and ethical about our sales and
channels. During the reporting period, we achieved an            marketing practices. Standard policies and procedures
average answer rate of 92% for our customer service              ensure that all our marketing materials are compliant with
hotline.                                                         the relevant laws and regulations, including the Trade
                                                                 Descriptions Ordinance in Hong Kong. All marketing
Listening to our Customers                                       materials are vetted and approved by our legal and/or
We listen carefully to our customers and use their               senior management teams before engaging customers.
feedback to help us improve. The following highlights the
many ways we gather practical feedback for our Residential       To ensure that our frontline Talents are up-to-date with
Solutions and Enterprise Solutions businesses.                   our latest sales and marketing information, as well as on
                                                                 how to deal with customers fairly, we put extra effort on
Residential Solutions                                            training all Talents involved with the sale of our products,
Following every contact with our customer service team,          services and solutions. In addition, all new sales-related
customers are invited to rate the level of their satisfaction,   Talents are required to attend trainings on Personal Data
based on a score from 1 to 6. If the score is 2 or below, our    (Privacy) Ordinance, Trade Descriptions Ordinance and
team leaders will contact the customer to better                 Code of Practices on Marketing Calls. Regular sales and
understand why, and if necessary, carry out follow-up            marketing refresher trainings and quality improvement
actions to rectify or improve the experience. During the         trainings are also provided to all sales-related Talents to
reporting period, the average satisfaction scores of our         ensure our standard of quality stays consistent across the
combined customer service channels, which includes our           business.
customer service hotline, online platform and email, was
5.82 out of 6.                                                   As at the end of the reporting period, 23,358 hours of
                                                                 product, sales, marketing, quality improvement, and ethics
Additionally, we gather feedback on the customer                 trainings were provided to our new Residential Solutions
experience by conducting satisfaction surveys with new           and Enterprise Solutions Talents.
customers, and via surveys conducted the next day after
every installation or maintenance order. During the              During the reporting period, there was no substantiated
reporting period, our new broadband customers rated              case of non-compliance against the relevant advertising
their satisfaction at 4.7 out of 6, while the score given to     regulations.
our installation and maintenance service was 5.74 out of 6.
For scores of 3 or below, our team will contact the
respective customer to follow-up.

                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   25
A Look at 1H2024

Data Privacy                                                     Improving Energy Footprint and Waste Diversion
Customers trust us with their personal data. Maintaining         Throughout the reporting period, we continued to
and protecting their trust is a top priority for our business.   implement enhancements aimed at achieving our long-
With cyber threats on the rise, we continued to ramp up          term goal of reducing electricity consumption and
our security and best practises by implementing industry-        increasing waste diversion in a sustainable manner. These
leading data protection standards throughout our                 enhancements encompassed both behavioural changes
operations.                                                      among our Talents and physical changes applied across
                                                                 our facilities. Here are a few noteworthy examples of the
Strengthening our Information Security Capabilities              work we undertook:
Improved security awareness for all Talents is the most
effective way we can protect our operations from                 •    We conducted third party energy audits in office and
cyberattacks. All frontline new joiners are required to               data centre to help further improve our energy
attend trainings on Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance,                saving efforts in the future.
which stresses the importance of following our internal
policies, procedures and compliance guidelines.                  •    To promote energy efficiency, we implemented
                                                                      seasonal measures by strategically switching off 30%
On a regular basis, our Information Security team engages             of office air conditioners during the winter months.
all Talents with insightful resources, including emails
covering a wide range of security topics, from known             •    We conducted an energy-saving assessment for our
vulnerabilities in smartphone platforms and best practice             warehouse and shop facilities, and will use the
tips to actual cyberattacks reported in the news.                     findings to revamp the placement of our lighting
Additionally, during the reporting period, we continued to            systems with automated times for more efficient
conduct impromptu phishing assessments with a goal of                 consumption.
bolstering our vigilance against external threats.
                                                                 •    In a conscious effort to reduce our environmental
Besides cultivating a regimented culture of security for our          impact, we made the decision to discontinue the use
Talents, we also shared Information Security awareness                of e-signage at all our shops, and curtailed the use
training materials with our contractors and suppliers, as             of e-signage at our office premises.
well as organised free cybersecurity workshops and
assessments for a number of social profit organisations,         •    Temperature sensors were installed at our office lift
and volunteer sharing sessions for youths and the elderly.            lobbies to regulate the air conditioning and maintain
                                                                      temperature at a default range.
Climate Action
HKBN is taking bold action to build a brighter, greener          •    To minimise paper waste and promote a sustainable
future for our environment. Recognising that we are not               operating environment, we discontinued the use of
alone in facing this challenge, we actively seek smarter              several printers and paper shredders in our offices.
eco-solutions while engaging our Talents, customers,
business partners, and wider communities to join us in           •    We conducted a thorough waste audit and gained
making a greater impact.                                              valuable insights to identify areas where we can
                                                                      enhance our waste management practices.

                                                                 •    Our internal Free2Share programme garnered over
                                                                      1,600 items (memo pads, HDMI cables, and plastic
                                                                      plates) to be shared with fellow HKBNers and the
                                                                      community via GOODS-CO, an organisation
                                                                      dedicated to extending the life of second hand
                                                                      items.




26   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                       A Look at 1H2024

Empowering our Communities
As digitalisation accelerates across every aspect of society, those who lack access and the skills to adapt will increasingly
fall behind. By harnessing our competitive advantage in technology and telecommunications, we aim to bridge the
digital divide within our communities through promoting and educating on digital literacy, cyber wellness, as well as by
removing the barriers for digital access.

Digital Wellness for Youths
In collaboration with The Boys & Girls Clubs Association of
Hong Kong, our dedicated HKBN VOOLunteers organised two
engaging seminars for their youth members. These interactive
sessions aimed to enhance their cybersecurity awareness, with a
specific focus on social media literacy and the risks associated
with AI deepfake technology and fraud.




                                                                                 Paving the way for a safer digital world, our VOOLunteers engaged
                                                                                 kids on the importance of cybersecurity awareness.

Empowering the Elderly
In February 2024, we organised a meaningful volunteer activity to empower the elderly community with essential
knowledge to safely navigate the digital world. Through this initiative, participants expressed an increased awareness of
how to keep their personal information secure. This positive outcome is a testament to our successful efforts in fostering
digital literacy and a safer usage of social media and technology within the community.




Spreading smiles and know-how! During the Lunar New Year, we organised a heartwarming visit at the Caritas Community Centre — Ngau Tau Kok, where
our VOOLunteers brought joy, laughter, and plenty of cybersecurity tips for the elderly.




                                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024         27
A Look at 1H2024

Suppliers & Partners                                            To address the increasing concerns surrounding
At HKBN, we believe the best business outcomes happen           cybersecurity, we collaborated with our information
when all parties win. Rather than profit off one another,       security team to conduct external audits in November
we’re working with a diverse network of world-class global      2023. These audits specifically focused on evaluating the
and local partners and suppliers — to prosper together.         security posture of our highest spend suppliers, aiming to
By nurturing strong, long-lasting and trusting relationships,   assess the level of security risk within our supply chain. As
we go beyond merely ensuring the continuity of our              a result, we identified suppliers who required
product and service supply to form win-win-win                  improvements and promptly requested they take actions
partnerships.                                                   to enhance their security measures.

Supply Chain: Latest Enhancements                               In January 2024, we initiated our inaugural ESG
As a responsible business committed to supply chain             assessment, evaluating the performance of 62 SME
sustainability, we took significant steps during the            suppliers. While our objective was to identify areas for
reporting period to strengthen our supplier relationships.      improvement and enhance their ESG awareness and
This included revising our Supplier Code of Conduct             standards, the assessment revealed the following key
(SCoC) and supplier questionnaire to incorporate                areas needing attention: 1) climate change and
important updates, such as our “No Gift Policy,” our zero       greenhouse gas emissions; 2) environmental policy and
tolerance stance on workplace harassment, confidential          management; and 3) human rights. To address these gaps,
information handling, anti-corruption measures, and more.       our procurement team will provide targeted training
                                                                materials to assist these suppliers in enhancing their ESG
                                                                practices.




28   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                              Review Report




REVIEW REPORT TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF HKBN LTD.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 30 to 60 which comprises the consolidated statement of
financial position of HKBN Ltd. (the “Company”) as of 29 February 2024 and the related consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated cash flow statement for the six months period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report
to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial
reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of the interim financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.

Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Scope of review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in
scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 29
February 2024 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim
financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

26 April 2024




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   29
Consolidated Income Statement
for the six months ended 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                     Six months ended
                                                                                                 29 February    28 February
                                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                         Note          $’000          $’000
Revenue                                                                                     3     5,809,091       6,707,216

Other net (loss)/income                                                                   4(a)          (506)            9,667

Network costs and costs of sales                                                                  (3,772,148)     (4,573,040)

Other operating expenses                                                                  4(b)    (1,627,772)     (1,746,248)

Finance costs                                                                             4(d)     (400,712)       (324,445)

Share of profits of associates                                                                             –             3,112

Share of losses of joint ventures                                                         9(b)          (165)        (65,220)
Profit before taxation                                                                      4         7,788             11,042

Income tax (charge)/credit                                                                  5         (6,254)           12,196
Profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
  of the Company                                                                                      1,534             23,238
Earnings per share                                                                          6

Basic                                                                                              0.1 cents       1.8 cents
Diluted                                                                                            0.1 cents       1.6 cents




The notes on pages 37 to 60 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividend payable to equity shareholders
of the Company are set out in note 15(b).




30      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                            for the six months ended 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                              29 February          28 February
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                    $’000                $’000
Profit for the period                                                                                 1,534              23,238

Other comprehensive income for the period
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
     subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                                              4,739              (1,537)
   Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                                    106                 447
Other comprehensive income for the period                                                             4,845              (1,090)
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                                  6,379              22,148




The notes on pages 37 to 60 form part of this interim financial report.



                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024     31
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
at 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                   At          At
                                                                          29 February   31 August
                                                                                 2024        2023
                                                                   Note         $’000       $’000
Non-current assets

Goodwill                                                                   7,816,507     7,816,507
Intangible assets                                                          2,568,989     2,775,801
Property, plant and equipment                                         7    3,268,233     3,418,992
Right-of-use assets                                                   8      600,039       689,568
Customer acquisition and retention costs                                     468,962       464,533
Interest in associates                                                             –         4,332
Interest in joint ventures                                            9        6,133         6,284
Deferred tax assets                                                          105,928        66,674
Other non-current assets                                                      73,099        72,289
                                                                          14,907,890    15,314,980
Current assets

Inventories                                                                  123,864       105,681
Trade receivables                                                    10      950,444       909,394
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                          10      430,714       465,921
Contract assets                                                              272,942       315,420
Amounts due from joint ventures                                                  155         5,663
Tax recoverable                                                                   16             –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                17       12,774        13,777
Cash and cash equivalents                                            11      804,443     1,016,769
                                                                           2,595,352     2,832,625
Current liabilities

Trade payables                                                       12      971,816      927,666
Other payables and accrued charges — current portion                 12      811,680      869,699
Contract liabilities — current portion                                       503,369      573,977
Deposits received                                                             85,160       83,277
Amounts due to an associate                                                        –        4,332
Amounts due to joint ventures                                                 10,000       10,000
Bank and other borrowings                                            13      246,814      284,861
Lease liabilities — current portion                                          143,455      150,910
Tax payable                                                                   82,054      193,843
Other current liabilities                                            14       13,848       13,575
                                                                           2,868,196     3,112,140
Net current liabilities                                                     (272,844)     (279,515)
Total assets less current liabilities                                     14,635,046    15,035,465




32   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                 at 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                      At                   At
                                                                                             29 February            31 August
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                  Note             $’000                $’000
Non-current liabilities

Other payables and accrued charges — long-term portion                               12                –               18,000
Contract liabilities — long-term portion                                                         191,521              160,162
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         629,422              684,672
Lease liabilities — long-term portion                                                            317,908              385,105
Provision for reinstatement costs                                                                 54,054               54,003
Bank and other borrowings                                                            13       10,676,892           10,671,853
Other non-current liabilities                                                        14            3,572               10,588
                                                                                              11,873,369           11,984,383
NET ASSETS                                                                                     2,761,677             3,051,082
CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                                 15

Share capital                                                                                        132                   132
Reserves                                                                                       2,761,545             3,050,950
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                   2,761,677             3,051,082




The notes on pages 37 to 60 form part of this interim financial report.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024     33
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the six months ended 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                Vendor
                                                                                  Loan
                                                         Share       Share       Notes        Capital         Other      Retained      Exchange
                                                        capital   premium     (note 16)       reserve       reserve        profits       reserve        Total
                                             Note        $’000       $’000        $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000          $’000        $’000
Balance at 1 September 2022                                132     427,882    2,349,204       40,803        596,420      1,527,522       (17,880)   4,924,083
Changes in equity for the six months
  ended 28 February 2023:

Profit for the period                                        –           –           –             –              –         23,238             –       23,238
Exchange differences on translation
  of financial statements of subsidiaries
  outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                     –           –           –             –              –                –      (1,537)       (1,537)
Share of other comprehensive
  income of associates                                       –           –           –             –              –                –        447           447
Total comprehensive income                                   –           –           –             –              –         23,238        (1,090)      22,148
Dividend approved to equity
  shareholders of the Company
  in respect of the previous year           15(b)(ii)        –    (262,320)          –             –              –                –           –     (262,320)
Distribution to holders of
  Vendor Loan Notes                                          –     (33,464)          –             –              –                –           –       (33,464)
Balance at 28 February 2023 and
  1 March 2023:                                            132     132,098    2,349,204       40,803        596,420      1,550,760       (18,970)   4,650,447
Changes in equity for the six months
  ended 31 August 2023:
Loss for the period                                          –           –           –             –              –     (1,290,646)            –    (1,290,646)
Exchange differences on translation
  of financial statements of subsidiaries
  outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                     –           –           –             –              –                –     (13,213)      (13,213)
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                              –           –           –             –              –                –        (773)         (773)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations transferred to
  consolidated income statement
  upon disposal                                              –           –           –             –              –                –       1,051        1,051
Total comprehensive income                                   –           –           –             –              –     (1,290,646)      (12,935)   (1,303,581)
Dividend declared to equity
  shareholders of the Company
  in respect of the current year            15(b)(i)         –     (98,634)          –             –              –       (163,686)            –     (262,320)
Distribution to holders of
  Vendor Loan Notes                                          –     (33,464)          –             –              –                –           –       (33,464)
Balance at 31 August 2023                                  132           –    2,349,204       40,803        596,420         96,428       (31,905)   3,051,082




34     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                             for the six months ended 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                Vendor                                 Retained
                                                                                  Loan                                  profits/
                                                         Share       Share       Notes       Capital         Other (Accumulated        Exchange
                                                        capital   premium     (note 16)      reserve       reserve         loss)         reserve      Total
                                             Note        $’000       $’000       $’000         $’000         $’000        $’000            $’000      $’000
Balance at 1 September 2023                               132            –   2,349,204        40,803      596,420         96,428        (31,905)   3,051,082

Changes in equity for the six months
  ended 29 February 2024:

Profit for the period                                        –           –           –             –             –         1,534               –       1,534
Exchange differences on translation
  of financial statements of subsidiaries
  outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                     –           –           –             –             –                 –      4,739       4,739
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                              –           –           –             –             –                 –        106         106
Total comprehensive income                                   –           –           –             –             –         1,534          4,845        6,379
Dividend approved to equity
  shareholders of the Company
  in respect of the previous year           15(b)(ii)        –           –           –             –             –      (262,320)              –    (262,320)
Distribution to holders of
  Vendor Loan Notes                                          –           –           –             –             –        (33,464)             –     (33,464)
Balance at 29 February 2024                               132            –   2,349,204        40,803      596,420       (197,822)       (27,060)   2,761,677




The notes on pages 37 to 60 form part of this interim financial report.




                                                                                                                     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024        35
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the six months ended 29 February 2024 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                         29 February     28 February
                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
Operating activities

Cash generated from operations                                                            1,006,841        1,151,303
Tax paid:
  — Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                             (207,768)        (227,640)
  — Tax paid outside Hong Kong                                                                (4,783)          (6,665)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                794,290         916,998
Investing activities

Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (195,923)        (292,356)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                             219              666
Net cash outflow in respect of deemed disposal of subsidiary                                   (312)               –
Interest received                                                                             5,832            4,702
Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (190,184)        (286,988)
Financing activities

Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                        (79,959)         (78,015)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                       (11,545)         (10,639)
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings, net of transaction costs                           216,527          389,669
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                     (269,328)        (529,993)
Repayment of other financial liabilities                                                       (7,021)         (7,021)
Interest paid on bank and other borrowings and interest rate swap                          (367,976)        (244,841)
Dividend paid to equity shareholders of the Company                                        (262,320)        (262,320)
Distribution to holders of Vendor Loan Notes                                                 (33,464)         (33,464)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                      (815,086)        (776,624)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (210,980)        (146,614)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  1,016,769        1,129,226

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                       (1,346)           (2,878)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                          804,443         979,734




The notes on pages 37 to 60 form part of this interim financial report.




36   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Basis of preparation

    This interim financial report of HKBN Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) has been
    prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard
    (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
    (“HKICPA”). It was authorised for issue on 26 April 2024.

    The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the
    annual financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2023, except for the accounting policy
    changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2024 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in
    accounting policies are set out in note 2.

    The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to make
    judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and
    liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
    The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
    in financial position and performance of the Group since the annual financial statements for the year ended 31
    August 2023. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the
    information required for full set of financial statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards (“HKFRSs”).

    The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard
    on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
    entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on page 29.

    Going concern assumption
    As at 29 February 2024, the current liabilities of the Group exceeded their current assets by approximately $273
    million. Included in the current liabilities were (i) current portion of contract liabilities of $503 million recognised
    under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard (“HKFRS”) 15 which will be gradually reduced through
    performance obligations being satisfied over the contract terms and (ii) current portion of lease liabilities of $143
    million recognised under HKFRS 16 relating to leases with a lease term of more than 12 months and with a
    corresponding asset recorded in the non-current assets as right-of-use assets. Management of the Group
    anticipates the net cash inflows from their operations, together with the ability to draw down from available bank
    loan facilities, would be sufficient to enable the Group to meet their liabilities as and when they fall due.
    Accordingly, this unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared on a going
    concern basis.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      37
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2     Changes in accounting policies

      The Group has applied the following new and amended HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these financial
      statements for the current accounting period:

      •     HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts

      •     Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors: Definition of
            accounting estimates

      •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Making
            materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies

      •     Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single
            transaction

      •     Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform — Pillar Two model rules

      The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
      period. Impacts of the adoption of the amended HKFRSs which are relevant to the Group’s financial statements are
      discussed below:

      Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors: Definition of
      accounting estimates
      The amendments provide further guidance on the distinction between changes in accounting policies and changes
      in accounting estimates. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the
      Group’s approach in distinguishing changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates is
      consistent with the amendments.

      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Making
      materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies
      The amendments require entities to disclose material accounting policy information and provide guidance on
      applying the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosure. The Group has revisited the accounting policy
      information it has been disclosing and considered it is consistent with the amendments.




38   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

    Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single
    transaction
    The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption such that it does not apply to transactions
    that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences on initial recognition such as leases and
    decommissioning liabilities. For leases and decommissioning liabilities, the associated deferred tax assets and
    liabilities are required to be recognised from the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any
    cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to retained earnings or other components of equity at that date. For
    all other transactions, the amendments are applied to those transactions that occur after the beginning of the
    earliest period presented.

    Prior to the amendments, the Group did not apply the initial recognition exemption to lease transactions and had
    recognised the related deferred tax, except that the Group previously determined the temporary difference arising
    from a right-of-use asset and the related lease liability on a net basis on the basis they arise from a single
    transaction. Following the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences in relation to right-
    of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The change primarily impacts disclosures of components of deferred
    tax assets and liabilities, but does not impact the overall deferred tax balances presented in the statement of
    financial position as the related deferred tax balances qualify for offsetting under HKAS 12.

    Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform — Pillar Two model rules
    The amendments introduce a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the income tax
    arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the
    Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) (income tax arising from such tax laws is
    hereafter referred to as “Pillar Two income taxes”), including tax laws that implement qualified domestic minimum
    top-up taxes described in those rules. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements about such tax
    including the estimated tax exposure to PillarTwo income taxes. The amendments are immediately effective upon
    issuance and require retrospective application.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      39
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Revenue and segment reporting

      The principal activities of the Group are (i) provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international
      telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii) system
      integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and software,
      telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.

      (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
            Revenue represents revenue from (i) fixed telecommunications network services, international
            telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii)
            system integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and
            software, telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.

            Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major categories is as follows:

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                          29 February         28 February
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                                $’000               $’000
            Disaggregated by major products or service lines:
            Fixed telecommunications network services                                        2,296,180          2,326,218
            International telecommunications services                                          427,437            519,777
            Other services                                                                     179,252            181,866
            Fees from provision of telecommunications services                               2,902,869          3,027,861
            Product revenue                                                                  2,317,164          3,161,818
            Technology solution and consultancy services                                       589,058            517,537
            Revenue from contracts with customers within the
              scope of HKFRS 15                                                              5,809,091          6,707,216




40   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (a)   Disaggregation of revenue (continued)

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                         29 February           28 February
                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                                               $’000                 $’000
          Disaggregated by major categories:
          Residential Solutions revenue                                                     1,181,509            1,196,941
          Enterprise Solutions revenue                                                      2,310,418            2,348,457
          Enterprise Solutions related products revenue                                       951,692            1,039,731
          Handset and other products revenue                                                1,365,472            2,122,087
                                                                                            5,809,091            6,707,216
          Disaggregated by geographical location of customers:
          Hong Kong                                                                         5,267,918            6,160,243
          Mainland China                                                                      296,010              357,772
          Other territories                                                                   245,163              189,201
                                                                                            5,809,091            6,707,216


          During the periods ended 29 February 2024 and 28 February 2023, product revenue is recognised at a point
          in time and revenue from the provision of telecommunications services is substantially recognised over time.

          One customer of the Group contributed 22.5% of the Group’s total revenue for the six months ended 29
          February 2024.

          Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition is disclosed in
          note 3(b).

    (b)   Segment reporting
          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the interim financial report, are
          identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
          various lines of business and geographical locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
          which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

          The Group’s most senior executive management reviews the Group’s internal reporting for the purposes of
          assessing the performance and allocates the resources of the Group by geographical location. In a manner
          consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented
          the following two reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following
          reportable segments.


                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      41
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
            (i) Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
                Include provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international telecommunications
                services, mobile services to residential and enterprise customers and technology-related services in
                Hong Kong.

            (ii)   Telecom and technology solutions (non-Hong Kong)
                   Include the provision of telecommunications and technology solutions and consultancy services in
                   Mainland China and Macau.

                   (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                         The Group’s senior executive management monitors the results performance attributable to each
                         reportable segment on the following basis:

                         The segment revenue of the Group is based on geographical location of customers. Income and
                         expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated by those
                         segments and expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arisen from the
                         depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to those segments. The inter-segment
                         transactions are conducted on normal commercial terms and are priced with reference to
                         prevailing market prices and in the ordinary course of business.

                         The performance measure used for reporting segment profit is earnings before finance costs,
                         interest income, income tax, depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets (net of direct cost
                         incurred) and amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs.

                         In addition to receiving segment information concerning the reportable segment profit,
                         management is provided with segment information concerning inter-segment sales, interest
                         income and expense from cash balances and borrowings managed directly by the segments,
                         depreciation, amortisation, capital expenditures and income tax.

                         Inter-segment sales are priced with reference to prices charged to external parties for similar
                         orders.

                         Segment assets and liabilities of the Group are not reported to the Group’s chief operating
                         decision makers regularly. As a result, reportable assets and liabilities have not been presented in
                         the financial statements.




42   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (ii) Telecom and technology solutions (non-Hong Kong) (continued)
               (i)  Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)
                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition, as
                    well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most
                    senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
                    performance for the period is set out below.

                                                       Telecom and technology      Telecom and technology
                                                        solutions (Hong Kong)     solutions (non-Hong Kong)             Total
                                                      29 February   28 February   29 February   28 February   29 February   28 February
                    For the six months ended                 2024          2023          2024          2023          2024          2023
                                                            $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000
                    Disaggregated by timing
                       of revenue recognition

                    Point in time                      1,870,080      2,695,015      447,084        466,803    2,317,164        3,161,818
                    Over time                          3,397,811      3,465,228       94,116         80,170    3,491,927        3,545,398
                    Revenue from external customers    5,267,891      6,160,243      541,200        546,973    5,809,091        6,707,216

                    Inter-segment revenue                 27,476        28,291       148,871        154,524      176,347         182,815
                    Reportable segment revenue         5,295,367      6,188,534      690,071        701,497    5,985,438        6,890,031
                    Reportable segment profit          1,118,208      1,083,406       29,249         48,602    1,147,457        1,132,008


                    The performance measure used for reporting segment profit is earnings before finance costs,
                    interest income, income tax, depreciation, amortisation of intangibles assets (net of direct cost
                    incurred) and amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs.




                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024          43
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
            (ii) Telecom and technology solutions (non-Hong Kong) (continued)
                 (ii) Reconciliations between segment profit derived from Group’s external customers and
                      consolidated profit before taxation for the period

                                                                                         Six months ended
                                                                                     29 February       28 February
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                           $’000             $’000
                         Reportable segment profit derived from Group’s
                            external customers                                         1,147,457           1,132,008
                         Finance costs                                                  (400,712)           (324,445)
                         Interest income                                                   5,832               4,702
                         Depreciation                                                   (423,891)           (466,287)
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                              (185,771)           (195,991)
                         Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs       (135,127)           (138,945)
                         Consolidated profit before taxation                               7,788             11,042


4     Profit before taxation

      Profit before taxation is arrived at after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                                         Six months ended
                                                                                     29 February       28 February
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                           $’000             $’000
      (a)   Other net loss/(income)

            Interest income                                                                (5,832)            (4,702)
            Net foreign exchange loss                                                       4,269                 15
            Loss on disposal of subsidiary                                                  3,715                  –
            Other income                                                                   (1,646)            (4,980)
                                                                                             506              (9,667)




44   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4   Profit before taxation (continued)

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                        29 February           28 February
                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                              $’000                 $’000
    (b)   Other operating expenses

          Advertising and marketing expenses                                                   34,985               32,864
          Depreciation
            — Property, plant and equipment                                                  339,958              368,175
            — Right-of-use assets                                                             83,590               96,729
          Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                                (113)                (472)
          Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets, net                                             –                   (53)
          Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets              41,830               36,511
          Talents costs (note 4(c))                                                          554,067              609,817
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  185,771              195,991
          Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs                           135,127              138,945
          Others                                                                             252,557              267,741
            — Office rental and utilities                                                     29,806               32,231
            — Site expenses                                                                   46,377               40,932
            — Bank handling charges                                                           18,945               19,219
            — Maintenance                                                                     46,945               61,845
            — Subscription and license fees                                                   55,089               56,679
            — Legal and professional fees                                                     13,810               12,687
            — Printing, telecommunication and logistics expenses                              13,737               20,973
            — Others                                                                          27,848               23,175

                                                                                           1,627,772            1,746,248




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      45
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4     Profit before taxation (continued)

                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                        29 February        28 February
                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                              $’000              $’000
      (c)   Talent costs

            Salaries, wages and other benefits                                              652,849            706,370
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                            51,821             52,786
                                                                                            704,670            759,156
            Less: Talent costs capitalised as property, plant and equipment                  (23,951)           (25,689)
                Talent costs included in network costs cost of sales                       (126,652)          (123,650)
                                                                                            554,067            609,817


      Talent costs include all compensation and benefits paid to and accrued for all individuals employed by the Group,
      including directors.

                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                        29 February        28 February
                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                              $’000              $’000
      (d)   Finance costs

            Interest and finance charges on bank loans                                      414,628            316,342
            Interest on other borrowings                                                       1,358              2,467
            Fair value gain on the interest-rate swap                                        (27,098)            (5,461)
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                     11,545            10,639
            Interest on other liabilities                                                        279                458
                                                                                            400,712            324,445


      (e)   Other items

            Amortisation of intangible assets                                               206,811            217,031
            Depreciation:
              — Property, plant and equipment                                               339,958            368,175
              — Right-of-use assets                                                          83,933             98,112
            Rental charges on telecommunications facilities and computer equipment          234,241            227,670
            Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets             6,320              6,975
            Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets           41,830             36,511
            Cost of inventories                                                           2,295,926          3,004,833




46   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



5   Income tax (charge)/credit

                                                                                                 Six months ended
                                                                                           29 February           28 February
                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                 $’000                 $’000
    Current tax — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                          (95,715)             (93,800)
    Current tax — Outside Hong Kong                                                                (5,029)              (6,102)
    Deferred tax                                                                                  94,490             112,098
                                                                                                  (6,254)              12,196


    The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate of 16.5%
    to the six months ended 29 February 2024 (six months ended 28 February 2023: 16.5%), except for one subsidiary of
    the Group which is a qualifying corporation under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

    For this subsidiary, the first $2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits
    are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in
    2023.

    Taxation for subsidiaries outside Hong Kong is similarly calculated using the annual effective rates of taxation that
    are expected to be applicable in the relevant countries.

6   Earnings per share

    (a)   Basic earnings per share
          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
          of the Company of $1,534,000 (six months ended 28 February 2023: $23,238,000) and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II, of 1,310,839,000 ordinary
          shares (six months ended 28 February 2023: 1,310,839,000 ordinary shares).

                                                                                                 Six months ended
                                                                                           29 February           28 February
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                                  ’000                  ’000
          Issued ordinary shares at 1 September 2022/2023                                     1,311,599            1,311,599
          Less: shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II                                          (5,667)              (5,667)
          Add: effect of the Co-Ownership Plan II RSUs vested                                      4,907                4,907
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares less shares held
           for the Co-Ownership Plan II                                                       1,310,839            1,310,839




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      47
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



6     Earnings per share (continued)

      (b)   Diluted earnings per share
            The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
            shareholders of the Company of $1,534,000 (six months ended 28 February 2023: $23,238,000) and the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II after
            adjusting for the dilutive effect of the Company’s Co-Ownership Plan II and the Vender Loan Notes,
            calculated as follows:

                                                                                              Six months ended
                                                                                         29 February        28 February
                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                ’000               ’000
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares less shares held
              for the Co-Ownership Plan II                                                 1,310,839          1,310,839
            Add: effect of Vendor Loan Notes                                                 167,322            167,322
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                           1,478,161          1,478,161


7     Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                  At                At
                                                                                         29 February         31 August
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                               $’000             $’000
      Opening net book value                                                               3,418,992          3,731,436

      Exchange adjustments                                                                       235               (983)
      Additions                                                                              189,435            403,364
      Disposals (net carrying amount)                                                           (112)              (627)
      Depreciation charges for the period/year                                              (339,958)          (714,198)
      Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                  (359)                 –
      Closing net book value                                                               3,268,233          3,418,992




48   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                          Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



8   Right-of-use assets

                                                                                                                     At                           At
                                                                                                            29 February                    31 August
                                                                                                                   2024                         2023
                                                                                                                  $’000                        $’000
    Opening net book value                                                                                        689,568                    705,607

    Exchange adjustments                                                                                               185                     (2,028)
    Additions                                                                                                        8,207                   172,611
    Modification                                                                                                  (11,000)                          –
    Disposals (net carrying amount)                                                                                 (2,988)                         –
    Depreciation charges for the period/year                                                                      (83,933)                  (186,622)
    Closing net book value                                                                                        600,039                    689,568


    During the six months ended 29 February 2024, the Group entered into a number of lease agreements for use of
    shop and office of $8,207,000 (six months ended 28 February 2023: $97,618,000).

9   Interest in joint ventures

    (a)   Details of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method
          in the consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                    Particulars   of ownership
                                                             Place of            of issued and         interest
                                         Form of business    incorporation/            paid up        held by a Principal activities and
          Name of joint venture          structure           establishment              capital      subsidiary place of operation
          BROADBANDgo Company            Limited liability   Hong Kong              100 shares               60 Provision of broadband and
            Limited (“BROADBANDgo”)        company                                                                Wi-Fi services in Hong Kong

          TGgo Company Limited           Limited liability   Hong Kong              100 shares               40 Provision of cloud computing services
            (“TGgo”)                       company                                                                in Hong Kong

          HomePlus (Hong Kong) Limited Limited liability     Hong Kong           500,000 shares           45.45 Provision of retail and e-commerce
           (“HomePlus”) *                company                                                                  in Hong Kong

          HomePlus Holding Limited       Limited liability   Hong Kong             220,000,000            45.45 Investment holdings in Hong Kong
           (“HomePlus Holding”) *          company                                      shares

          BROADBANDgo,TGgo, HomePlus and HomePlus Holding are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted
          market prices are not available. In the opinion of the directors, these are arrangements whereby the Group
          and other parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangements, and have rights to the net assets
          of the arrangements. Accordingly, these investments have been accounted for as joint ventures.

          *    HomePlus and HomePlus Holding are in the process of winding up.




                                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024             49
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



9     Interest in joint ventures (continued)

      (b)   Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:

                                                                                                   At                 At
                                                                                          29 February          31 August
                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                $’000              $’000
            Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures
              in the consolidated financial statements                                           6,133              6,284
            Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those joint ventures’
            — Loss and other comprehensive income for the period/year                              (165)          (69,592)
            — Total comprehensive income                                                           (165)          (69,592)


10 Trade receivables and other receivables, deposits and prepayments

      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net
      of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                   At                 At
                                                                                          29 February          31 August
                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                $’000              $’000
      Within 30 days                                                                          472,497             408,287
      31 to 60 days                                                                           197,546             175,967
      61 to 90 days                                                                           101,229              96,351
      Over 90 days                                                                            179,172             228,789
      Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                                950,444             909,394
      Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                             430,714             465,921
                                                                                            1,381,158           1,375,315


      The majority of the Group’s trade receivables are due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Subscribers with
      receivable that are more than 3 months overdue are requested to settle all outstanding balances before further
      credit is granted.

      All of the other receivables, deposits and prepayments are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense
      within one year.




50   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



11 Cash and cash equivalents

   Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position and condensed consolidated cash
   flow statement comprise:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         29 February            31 August
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
   Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                          804,443            1,016,769


12 Trade payables, other payables and accrued charges

   As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as
   follows:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         29 February            31 August
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
   Within 30 days                                                                             427,721              305,627
   31 to 60 days                                                                              197,720              217,892
   61 to 90 days                                                                              103,615              111,128
   Over 90 days                                                                               242,760              293,019
                                                                                              971,816              927,666
   Trade payables                                                                             971,816              927,666
   Other payables and accrued charges
   — Current portion                                                                          811,680              869,699
   — Long-term portion                                                                              –               18,000
                                                                                            1,783,496            1,815,365


13 Bank and other borrowings

   (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of bank and other borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         29 February            31 August
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
         Bank borrowings
           — unsecured                                                                    10,890,280            10,907,770

         Other borrowings
          — secured                                                                            33,426                48,944
                                                                                          10,923,706            10,956,714
         Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                        (246,814)             (284,861)
                                                                                          10,676,892            10,671,853




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      51
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

      (b)   As at 29 February 2024, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                    At                 At
                                                                                           29 February          31 August
                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
            Bank borrowings (unsecured)
            Within 1 year on demand                                                             216,527           253,808
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                                   5,215,386                 –
            After 2 years but within 5 years                                                  5,458,367        10,653,962
                                                                                            10,890,280         10,907,770
            Other borrowings (secured)
            Within 1 year on demand                                                              30,287             31,052
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                                       3,139             17,892
                                                                                                 33,426             48,944
                                                                                            10,923,706         10,956,714
            Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                       (246,814)          (284,861)
                                                                                            10,676,892         10,671,853


            (i)     On 13 November 2020, the Group entered into term loan facility of $5,500,000,000 in aggregate with
                    various banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with a principal amount of $5,000,000,000 and
                    $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 23 November 2020 and
                    22 February 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross guarantee arrangement
                    issued by the Company, Metropolitan Light Company Limited (“MLCL”), Hong Kong Broadband
                    Network Group Limited (“HKBNGL”), Hong Kong Broadband Network Limited (“HKBN”), HKBN
                    Enterprise Solutions Development Limited (“HKBNESDL”), HKBN Enterprise Solutions Cayman
                    Corporation (“HKBNESCC”), HKBN Enterprise Solutions HK Limited (“HKBNESHKL”) and COL Limited,
                    and repayable in full upon maturity on 24 November 2025. The loan interest rate was renewed to HIBOR
                    plus a margin of 2.75% per annum from 4 January 2024.

            (ii)    On 31 March 2021, the Group entered into a term loan facility of 5,500,000,000 in aggregate with various
                    international banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with principal amount of $5,000,000,000
                    and $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 9 April 2021 and 24
                    May 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross guarantee arrangement issued
                    by the Company, MLCL, HKBNGL, HKBN, HKBNESDL, HKBNESCC, HKBNESHKL and Col Limited, and
                    repayable in full upon maturity on 9 April 2026. The loan interest rate was renewed to HIBOR plus a
                    margin of 2.75% per annum from 4 January 2024.

            (iii)   On 9 December 2021, HKBN entered into master buyer agreement for supply chain financing from a
                    bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $109,037,000 (2023:$157,660,000) was utilised as of 29
                    February 2024. The bank charges a handling fee based on the amount of supplier’s invoices applied.
                    The facility was unsecured and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The
                    extended credit term ranged from 30 to 180 days from the date of utilisation.




52   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                         Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

    (b)   As at 29 February 2024, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows: (continued)
          (iv) On 11 April 2022, HKBN entered into an import invoice financing agreement for supply chain financing
               from a bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $107,490,000 (2023: $96,149,000) was utilised as of
               29 February 2024. The bank charges at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.15% of supplier’s invoices applied. The
               facility was unsecured and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The
               agreement grants up to 120 days of payment term from the date of utilisation.

          (v)     The bank loans mentioned in note (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are recognised initially at fair value less attributable
                  transactions costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the bank loans are stated at amortised cost with
                  any difference between the amount initially recognised and interest payable using the effective interest
                  method.

                  The bank loans mentioned in note (i) and (ii) above are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
                  certain balance sheet ratios of the Group. As at 29 February 2024 and 31 August 2023, the Group
                  complied with all of the covenants relating to bank loans.

                  To calculate the effective interest in each reporting period, the effective interest rate is applied to the
                  amortised cost of the bank loan at the end of the previous reporting period.

                  The effective interest rate of the bank borrowings as of 29 February 2024 is 5.70% per annum (2023:
                  5.77%).

          (vi)    The Group entered into sale and leaseback arrangement contracts with third-party leasing companies,
                  with contract terms of three years. The substance of the arrangement was that the lessors provide
                  finance to the Group with the assets as security. The Group accounted for the assets in its consolidated
                  statement of financial position. The sales proceeds are recorded as other borrowings in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position. As at 29 February 2024 the aggregate book value of the
                  assets was $8,469,000 (2023: $11,615,000) and the balance of other borrowings amounting to $2,363,000
                  (2023: $2,582,000) was recorded as a current liability and $Nil (2023: $1,077,000) was recorded as a
                  non-current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. The effective interest
                  rate of the other loans is 0% to 4.70% p.a. (2023: 0% to 4.70% p.a.).

          (vii)   The Group entered into financing arrangement contracts with third-party company, with contract terms
                  of three years and four months. The Group has obtained a loan with principal amount of $100,160,000 at
                  effective interest rate of 6% per annum. The loan was secured by assets of the Group amounting to
                  $69,406,000 (2023: 81,868,000). The Group shall repay the interest and principal of the loan in 40 monthly
                  instalments. As at 29 February 2024, the balance of other borrowings amounting to $27,924,000 (2023:
                  $28,470,000) was recorded as a current liability and $3,139,000 (2023: $16,815,000) was recorded as a
                  non-current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

14 Other non-current and current liabilities

    At 29 February 2024 and 31 August 2023, the Group entered into trade finance arrangements with a supplier to
    extend credit period for payables for goods and services to improve the Group’s liquidity. The terms of the
    arrangements are sufficiently different from normal credit terms for trade and other payables and accrued
    expenses. The balance was interest-bearing and repayable in 9 instalments every 6 months ranging from 12 months
    from invoice date to 60 months from invoice date.

                                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024     53
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Capital, reserves and dividends

      (a)   Share capital
            As at 29 February 2024, 3,800,000,000 ordinary shares, with par value of $0.1 cent each, were authorised for
            issue. As at 29 February 2024, the Company had 1,311,599,356 (28 February 2023: 1,311,599,356) ordinary
            shares in issue.

      (b)   Dividends
            (i)  Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the interim period

                                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                                             29 February             28 February
                                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000
                   Interim dividend declared after the interim period of 15 cents per
                      ordinary share (six months ended 28 February 2023:
                      20 cents per ordinary share) (Note)                                                          196,740                262,320

                   Note: The amount of 2024 proposed interim dividend is based on the 1,311,599,356 (2023: 1,311,599,356) ordinary shares in issue as
                         at the date of this interim report.


                   The proposed interim dividend declared has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the
                   reporting period.

            (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
                   year, approved and paid during the interim period

                                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                                             29 February             28 February
                                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000
                   Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                     approved and paid during the following interim period,
                     of 20 cents per ordinary share (six months ended 28 February
                     2023: 20 cents per ordinary share)                                                            262,320                262,320


      (c)   Other reserve
            The entire issued share capital of MLCL was transferred to the Company in consideration for an issue of the
            Company’s share to Metropolitan Light Holdings Limited on 17 February 2015 (the “Share Transfer”). Upon
            completion of the Share Transfer, the Company became the holding company of the Group, and the
            combined share capital and share premium prior to the Share Transfer, amounting to $8,000 and
            $1,757,197,000 respectively, were eliminated against the investment in MLCL with a carrying amount of
            $1,160,785,000. The remaining balance of $596,420,000 was recorded in the other reserve.




54   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

   (d)   Equity-settled share-based transactions
         (i)  Co-Ownership Plan II (the “Plan II”)
              On 21 February 2015, the Company adopted the Plan II and granted RSUs to directors and Talents of
              the Group in Hong Kong. The purpose of the Plan II is to attract, retain and motivate skilled and
              experienced Talents of the Group. The RSUs are the contingent rights to receive the Company’s shares
              at the relevant matching ratio in respect of any shares purchased by the Talents, subject to certain
              terms, conditions and undertakings. The share are held on trust by the appointed trustee until their
              release to the beneficiaries upon the vesting of the RSUs.

              On 29 June 2015 and 18 August 2015, 2,723,000 RSUs and 133,000 RSUs were granted to directors and
              Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by the Company under the Plan II respectively. The directors
              estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU at the grant date to be $8.50.

              On 20 November 2015, 159,000 RSUs were granted to Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by the
              Company under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU at the
              grant date to be $10.28.

              On 20 June 2016, 2,081,000 RSUs were granted to directors and Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by
              the Company under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU of
              the grant date to be $8.10.

              On 24 January 2017, 258,000 RSUs were granted to directors and Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by
              the Company under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU of
              the grant date to be $8.35.

              On 20 July 2017, 253,000 RSUs were granted to Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by the Company
              under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU of grant date to
              be $7.20.

              On 30 January 2019, 329,000 RSUs were granted to Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by the Company
              under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU of grant date to
              be $8.90.

              On 26 February 2019, 31,000 RSUs were granted to Talents of the Group in Hong Kong by the Company
              under the Plan II. The directors estimated the weighted average fair value of each RSU of grant date to
              be $8.21.

              The shares are held on trust by the appointed trustee until their release to the beneficiaries upon the
              vesting of the RSUs. 25%, 25% and 50% of these RSUs will vest on the first, second and third anniversary
              of the grant date respectively.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      55
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

      (d)   Equity-settled share-based transactions (continued)
            (ii) Co-Ownership Plan III Plus (the “Plan III Plus”)
                 On 4 September 2019, the Company adopted the Plan III Plus and granted RSUs to directors and
                 Talents of the Group in Hong Kong. The purpose of the Plan III Plus is to incentivise Talents and to
                 recognise the continual support of relevant Talents to the Group and their effort in promoting the
                 Group’s long-term growth and development. The RSUs are the contingent rights to receive the
                 Company’s shares depending on the level of the adjusted available cash per share for distribution
                 achieved, on a cumulative basis, during the 2019, 2020 and 2021 financial years, in respect of any shares
                 purchased by the Talents, subject to certain terms, conditions and undertakings. The minimum level of
                 the adjusted available cash per share for distribution required to be achieved by the Company before
                 any RSU will be granted is an amount in excess of $2.53 on a cumulative basis over the 2019, 2020 and
                 2021 financial years of the Company. If the adjusted available cash per share for distribution, on a
                 cumulative basis, over the 2019, 2020 and 2021 financial years of the Company reaches $3.03, RSUs will
                 be granted to the grantees on the basis that the grantees would, subject to the satisfaction of the
                 vesting conditions and on the vesting date, receive 1.33 award share for every purchased share. The
                 granting of the RSUs will occur earlier than the publication of the annual results of the Company for the
                 2021 financial year if the maximum targeted accumulated adjusted available cash per share for
                 distribution is achieved prior to the end of the 2021 financial year. Accumulated adjusted available cash
                 per share for distribution in excess of $3.03 will not give rise to any further entitlement.

                    During the period ended 29 February 2024 and 28 February 2023, no shares were purchased on behalf
                    of the Talents and are held on trust by the appointed trustee until their release to the beneficiaries upon
                    the vesting of the RSUs. Although the granting of the RSUs has not yet occurred, the service periods are
                    considered having commenced as of 19 January 2021, depending on the dates when the Talents were
                    invited to participate the Plan III Plus.

            (iii)   Co-Ownership Plan IV (the “Plan IV”)
                    As the conditions for granting of restricted share units under the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus were not
                    met by the end of the 2021 financial year, the Company adopted the Plan IV on 21 October 2021 which
                    sets down the performance target during the financial years 2022, 2023 and 2024 of the Company, in
                    order to re-align the performance target of the Group with the incentives of its Talents and granted
                    RSUs to directors and Talents of the Group in Hong Kong. The purpose of the Plan IV is to incentivise
                    Talents and to recognise the continual support of relevant Talents to the Group and their effort in
                    promoting the Group’s long-term growth and development. The RSUs are the contingent rights to
                    receive the Company’s shares depending on the level of the adjusted available cash per share for
                    distribution achieved, on a cumulative basis, during the 2022, 2023 and 2024 financial years, in respect
                    of any shares purchased by the Talents, subject to certain terms, conditions and undertakings.




56   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

   (d)   Equity-settled share-based transactions (continued)
         (iii) Co-Ownership Plan IV (the “Plan IV”) (continued)
               The Participants of the Co-Ownership Plan IV have elected to roll over to the Co-Ownership Plan IV a
               total of 9,487,929 Shares purchased or received by them under the Co-Ownership Plan III Plus. Further,
               the Plan Trustee completed the purchases of 3,580,163 Shares for and on behalf of the Participants of
               the Co-Ownership Plan IV. The Plan Trustee purchased the Shares pursuant to the CO4 1st Batch
               Purchase at an average price of $10.9361 per Share.

                The directors estimated the fair value of the RSU at the service periods commencing date to be $0.

         (iv)   The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
                The Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to
                incentivise Participants to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022–2024 financial years
                of the Group. Due to macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated
                by geopolitics and rising interest rates, the Company has changed the company-wide performance
                targets from being based on adjusted free cash flow to focusing on earnings and revenue. Accordingly,
                the Company considered it appropriate to extend the performance targets to cover the 2023–2025
                financial years of the Company and better align the incentives of its Talents to the Company’s overall
                performance targets. The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV became effective on 11 May
                2023 (the “Commencement Date”).

                The total maximum number of Shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the
                Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 Shares (being approximately 2.50% of the
                Shares in Issue (on a fully diluted and as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the
                Company approving the amendments and restatements of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership
                Plan IV (as may be adjusted in the event of a subdivision or consolidation of the Shares). Since the
                Commencement Date and up to 31 August 2023, a total of 16,679,892 award shares have been granted
                under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV. The total number of Shares available for
                future grant under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 20,293,147 Shares, representing
                approximately 1.55% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of this report.

                The directors estimated the fair value of the RSU at the service periods commencing date to be $0.

16 Vendor Loan Notes

   On 30 April 2019, the Company issued the Vendor Loan Notes with a nominal amount of $1,940,937,656 as part of
   the consideration of the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of WTT Holding Corp (the “WTT Acquisition”).
   The Vendor Loan Notes are zero coupon convertible notes which may be converted into new ordinary shares to be
   issued by the Company at the initial conversion price of $11.60 per share pursuant to the terms and conditions of
   the Vendor Loan Notes. The Vendor Loan Notes have no maturity date and the holders of the Vendor Loan Notes
   have the right to receive an amount equal to any dividends made by the Company on an as-converted basis.
   Therefore, the Vendor Loan Notes are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated
   statement of financial position.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      57
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



17 Fair value measurement of financial instruments

      (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
            (i)  Fair value hierarchy
                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of
                 the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
                 in HKFRS 13. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to
                 the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                  —      Level 1 valuations:     Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices
                                                 in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                  —      Level 2 valuations:     Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                                 meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                                 inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

                  —      Level 3 valuations:     Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                              Fair value at           Fair value measurement as at
                                                              29 February          29 February 2024 categorised into
                                                                      2024        Level 1            Level 2         Level 3
                                                                     $’000          $’000             $’000           $’000
                  Recurring fair value measurement

                  Financial assets:
                  Derivative financial instrument:
                    — Interest-rate swap                           12,774              –            12,774                 –


                                                              Fair value at          Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 August           31 August 2023 categorised into
                                                                       2023       Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
                                                                      $’000        $’000              $’000            $’000
                  Recurring fair value measurement

                  Financial assets:
                  Derivative financial instrument:
                    — Interest rate-swap                            13,777             –             13,777                –


                  During the six months ended 29 February 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                  transfers into or out of Level 3 (2023: $Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                  of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




58   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



17 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)

   (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
         (ii) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurement
              The fair values of interest-rate swap and currency forward are the estimated amounts that the Group
              would receive or pay to terminate the derivative instruments at the end of the reporting period, taking
              into account current interest rates, currency rates and the current creditworthiness of the derivative
              instruments counterparties.

   (b)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not materially
         different from their fair values as at 29 February 2024 and 31 August 2023.

18 Capital commitments outstanding not provided for in the interim financial report

   (a)   Capital commitments outstanding at 29 February 2024 not provided for in the interim financial report
         At 29 February 2024, the Group had the following capital commitments:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         29 February            31 August
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
         Contracted but not provided for
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            160,636              199,955


         In addition, the Group was committed at 29 February 2024 to enter into a new lease of six years that is not yet
         commenced. The monthly lease payments under the new lease amounted to $2,102,000–$2,303,000.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024      59
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



19 Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                  At                 At
                                                                                         29 February          31 August
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000
      Bank guarantee in lieu of payment of utility deposits                                    3,622              3,622
      Bank guarantee in lieu of performance guarantee                                        278,822            263,459
                                                                                             282,444            267,081


      At 29 February 2024 and 31 August 2023, the directors did not consider it is probable that a claim will be made
      against the Group under any guarantees. It has therefore not been recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      Legal contingencies
      A subsidiary of the Group received a claim from a supplier regarding the early termination charge under several
      agreements. The Group considers the claim is not valid, and therefore, continues to deny the above liability. Based
      on the legal advice received, management believes that the probability of a successful claim is low. However, if the
      claim is successful, the potential exposure of the Group of the claim will be amounted to approximately $24 million.
      No provision has been made in respect of this claim.

20 Material related party transactions

      Key management personnel remuneration
      Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the directors of the
      Company, is as follows:

                                                                                              Six months ended
                                                                                         29 February        28 February
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000
      Short-term employee benefits                                                             33,294             20,160
      Post-employment benefits                                                                  1,826              1,632
                                                                                               35,120             21,792




60   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                           Other Information

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at 29 February 2024, the Directors and chief executives of the Company had the following interests and short positions
in the shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives), and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the “Securities and Futures Ordinance” (the
“SFO”)) which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they
were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO to be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein; or (c) were otherwise required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers” (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules:

Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                     Approximately
                                                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                                                          interests in
                                                                                                               Approximately           issued shares
                                                                                                               percentage of         and underlying
                                                                                                                issued shares            shares held
                                                                                            Interests in           held to the           to the total
                                                                       Number            issued shares            total issued          issued share
                                                                      of issued        and underlying         share capital of              capital of
  Director                                        Note              shares held            shares held          the Company            the Company
  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                          (a)                 2,800,000              2,800,000                  0.21%                   0.21%
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                              (b)               29,717,212              32,477,997                  2.27%                   2.48%

Notes:

(a)   Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ held 2,800,000 shares in the Company.

(b)   Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG held a total of 32,477,997 interests in the Company, including (i) 29,717,212 shares in the Company (in which 2,760,785 shares
      were held by the plan trustee under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV) and (ii) 2,760,785 unvested restricted share units which were
      granted to him under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.


Other than the interests disclosed above, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to
equity derivatives) or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 29 February 2024.




                                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024         61
Other Information

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEMES

To attract, retain and motivate skilled and experienced Talents, the Company adopted four Co-Ownership plans since its
listing, namely Co-Ownership Plan II, Co-Ownership Plan III (was terminated and replaced by Co-Ownership Plan III Plus),
Co-Ownership Plan III Plus (naturally expired in October 2023) and Co-Ownership Plan IV (was amended and replaced by
the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV”) on 11 May 2023).

As at 29 February 2024, Co-Ownership Plan II and the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV were the existing
restricted share unit (“RSU”) schemes held by the Company.

Co-Ownership Plan II
The Co-Ownership Plan II was adopted by the Company in 2015 as an incentive arrangement to attract, retain and
motivate skilled and experienced Talents for the development of the Group. The RSUs are held by the independent
trustee until the end of each vesting period at the cost of the Company. The shares will be transferred to the participants
upon vesting.

Purpose
The purpose of the Co-Ownership Plan II is to attract skilled and experienced Talents, to incentivise them to remain with
the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them
with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long-term holders of the
Company’s shares.

Participant
The Board may, at its discretion, invite any Director, director of subsidiaries of the Group or Talents who the Board
considers, have contributed or will contribute to the Group to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II. An eligible Talent
will receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person will become a participant
upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II (the “CO2 Participants”).

Administration
The Co-Ownership Plan II is subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance with the scheme
rules and the trust deed.

Term
The Co-Ownership Plan II shall be valid and effective for the period commencing on 12 March 2015 (the “Listing Date”),
and expiring on the tenth anniversary thereof or such earlier date as it is terminated in accordance with the terms of the
Co-Ownership Plan II.




62   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                     Other Information

Total number of shares available for issue
The total number of shares that may underlie the RSUs granted pursuant to the Co-Ownership Plan II shall be (i) 10% of
the shares in issue on the Listing Date or (ii) 10% or less of the shares in issue as at the date following the date of
approval of the renewed limit (as the case may be).

In order to enable the Co-Ownership Plan II trustee to release shares to the CO2 Participants upon vesting of each RSU,
the Company allotted and issued, on the Listing Date, by way of capitalisation issue 5,666,666 shares to the Co-
Ownership Plan II trustee. Such shares represented approximately 0.43% of the total issued share capital of the Company
as at 29 February 2024. The Co-Ownership Plan II trustee will hold such shares on trust until their release to the CO2
Participants upon vesting of the RSUs and the termination of the scheme.

Since its commencement date of the Co-Ownership Plan II and up to 29 February 2024, a total of 5,251,862 award shares
have been granted under the Co-Ownership Plan II. The total number of shares available for future grant under the
Co-Ownership Plan II is 414,804 shares, representing approximately 0.03% of the total number of issued shares as at 29
February 2024. As there is no CO2 Participant under the Co-Ownership Plan II, no shares will be granted under the
scheme.

Maximum entitlement
The Co-Ownership Plan II has a matching ratio of 7:3 (i.e. 3 RSUs would be granted for every 7 purchased shares). The
maximum investment amount is limited to one year of the annual compensation package of each CO2 Participant.

Vesting date and condition
The CO2 Participants shall be entitled to receive the awarded shares vested in him/her in accordance with the vesting
schedule and the vesting conditions specified by the Board. The vesting schedule would be 25%-25%-50% upon each
anniversary over 3 years after the date of grant.

Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights (the
award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) is attached to the
RSUs. No grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Co-
Ownership Plan II, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU have been allotted
and issued to the grantee.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   63
Other Information

Movement of RSU
No RSUs were granted, forfeited, vested and lapsed, and accordingly, no new shares were allotted and issued during the
six months ended 29 February 2024. The number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of
the Co-Ownership Plan II remained at 414,804 shares as at 29 February 2024.

Since its commencement date and up to 29 February 2024, the number of shares that have been issued in respect of the
awards granted under the Co-Ownership Plan II was 5,251,862 shares, representing 0.40% of the weighted average
number of shares in issue as at 29 February 2024.

The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
The Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to incentivise participating
Talents to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022–2024 financial years of the Company. Due to
macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated by geopolitics and rising interest rates,
the Company changed the company-wide performance targets from being based on adjusted free cash flow to focusing
on earnings and revenue. Accordingly, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV in 2023.
The commencement date of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was on 11 May 2023. Details of the
scheme are contained in the circular of the Company dated 6 April 2023.

Purpose
The purposes of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV are to (i) incentivise skilled and experienced Talents
to remain with the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group in the
post COVID-19 time in order to create value for the shareholders, by providing them with a co-investment opportunity to
acquire equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long term holders of the Shares; and (ii) adjust
the basis upon which award shares will be granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV by reference
to the changing business environment and circumstances of the Company and the changing performance targets of the
Company.

Participant
The eligible Talent who is entitled to participate in the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV include: (i) Talents
who were existing participants of the Co-Ownership Plan IV, (ii) any Executive Director, (iii) any Talent of the Company or
any member of the Group that is of point 3 grade (supervisory level or equivalent) or above and who has not given a
notice of resignation to any member of the Group or who has not been given a notice of termination of employment by
any member of the Group, and (iv) any individual who the Company reasonably contemplates would fall within class (iii)
(provided that his/her participation is conditional upon him/her falling within class (iii) during the relevant invitation
period). An eligible Talent will receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person
will become a participant upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended CO4 Participants”).




64   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                      Other Information

Administration
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in
accordance with the scheme rules and the trust deed.

Term
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV shall be valid and effective for the period commencing on the
commencement date and expiring on the date falling 5 years from the Adoption Date or such earlier date as it is
terminated in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.

Total number of shares available for issue
The total maximum number of shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 shares (being approximately 2.50% of the shares in Issue (on a fully diluted and
as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the Company approving the amendments and restatements of
the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (as may be adjusted in the event of a subdivision or consolidation of
the shares) (the “CO4 Scheme Mandate Limit”).

Since the commencement date and up to 29 February 2024, a total of 16,679,892 RSUs (entitling the grantees (the
“Grantee”) to receive 16,679,892 award shares) have been granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership
Plan IV.

During the six months ended 29 February 2024, 3,394,495 RSUs have been forfeited and the number of award shares that
may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be
13,285,397 shares. The total number of shares available for underlying future grant of RSUs under the Amended and
Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 23,687,642 shares, representing approximately 1.81% of the total number of issued
shares as at 29 February 2024.

Maximum entitlement
The maximum entitlement for the award shares is determined on a 1:1 basis. One share purchased for an Amended CO4
Participant will entitle him/her to one RSU and one RSU will potentially entitle a Grantee to receive one award share
under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (assuming that all of the vesting conditions are satisfied).

The total investment amount of an eligible Talent comprising of (i) the total investment value of his/her rollover shares
(determined according to the average closing price per share based on the daily closing prices of the shares as quoted
on the Stock Exchange for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the commencement date) together with (ii)
the new investment amount which such eligible Talent will pay for making purchases of additional shares under the
Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (in each case, if any), must in aggregate be: (A) equal to or exceed one-
sixth (1/6th) of the annual remuneration package of such eligible Talent; and (B) not more than two times of the annual
remuneration package of such eligible Talent.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   65
Other Information

Vesting date and condition
On the basis that the shares purchased for and on behalf of the Grantees under the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV are continued to be held by the plan trustee until a vesting date, vesting of RSUs granted to each
Grantee should occur on each of the following vesting dates upon the satisfaction of the corresponding vesting
conditions:

                                                                                        Portion of an RSU
 Vesting Date                             Vesting Condition                             Becoming Vested
 The date which is 12 months from         (1)   EBITDA for 2023 financial year is not   0.15 (or 15%)
 the date of grant after the first              less than hk$2,615,000,000; and
 invitation period
                                          (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year is not more than
                                                $550,000,000
 The date within 10 business days         (1)   EBITDA for 2024 financial year is not   0.35 (or 35%)
 from the date of publication of the            less than $2,746,000,000; and
 Company’s annual results for 2024
 financial year                           (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year and 2024 financial
                                                year in aggregate is not more than
                                                $1,100,000,000
 The date within 10 business days         (1)   EBITDA for 2025 financial year          A = 0.5 x (B–$2,801,000,000)/C
 from the date of publication of the            represents not less than
 Company’s annual results for 2025              $2,801,000,000 (being a compound        A — the portion of an RSU
 financial year                                 annual growth rate of approximately     becoming vested
                                                3.5% from the EBITDA target of
                                                $2,615,000,000 for 2023 financial       B — actual EBITDA for 2025
                                                year); and                              financial year and capped at
                                                                                        $2,883,000,000
                                          (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year, 2024 financial year     C — equals to $82,000,000, which
                                                and 2025 financial year in aggregate    is the difference of $2,883,000,000
                                                is not more than $1,650,000,000         and $2,801,000,000


Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights (the
award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) is attached to the
RSUs. No Grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU
have been allotted and issued to the Grantee.




66   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                            Other Information

Movement of RSU
Details of the movements of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV during the six
months ended 29 February 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                        Overview of RSUs

                                                                                                                                                        Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                        of number      Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                        of RSUs as     of number
                                                                  Unvested                                                                Unvested       % to the      of RSUs as
                                                                      as at     Granted     Forfeited          Vested         Lapsed          as at   issued share       % to the
                                                               1 September       during       during            during        during    29 February      capital of   CO4 Scheme
    Participant                  Date of grant     Granted           2023     the period   the period       the period     the period         2024    the Company Mandate Limit

    Chu Kwong YEUNG,
      Executive Director         30 August 2023    2,760,785      2,760,785           0            0                0              0      2,760,785         0.21%          7.47%

    Ni Quiaque LAI,
      Executive Director*        30 August 2023    2,971,599      2,971,599           0     2,971,599               0              0             0          0.00%          0.00%

    Directors of the Company’s
      subsidiaries               30 August 2023     845,850        845,850            0            0                0              0        845,850         0.06%          2.29%

    Other Participants           30 August 2023   10,101,658     10,101,658           0       422,896               0              0      9,678,762         0.74%         26.18%

    Total                                         16,679,892     16,679,892           0     3,394,495               0              0     13,285,397         1.01%         35.94%


*        Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI resigned as an Executive Director of the Company on 28 February 2024.


On 1 September 2023, the number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the original
Co-Ownership Plan IV (prior to its amendments becoming effective) was 20,293,147 shares. On 29 February 2024, the
number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV was 23,687,642 shares.

Since the commencement date and up to 29 February 2024, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of the
award shares granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (taking into account of shares rolled over
from the original Co-Ownership Plan IV) would be 13,285,397 shares, representing 1.01% of the weighted average
number of shares in issue as at 29 February 2024.

ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the “Restricted Share Unit Schemes” above, at no time during 1H2024 was the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024               67
Other Information

INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As at 29 February 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the following
persons (other than any Directors or chief executives of the Company) were substantial shareholders, had notified the
Company of their relevant interests in shares and underlying shares representing 5% or more of the issued share capital
of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:

Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                         Approximately
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                                              interests in
                                                                                                                   Approximately           issued shares
                                                                                                                   percentage of         and underlying
                                                                                                                    issued shares            shares held
                                                                                               Interests in            held to the           to the total
                                                                       Number of            issued shares             total issued          issued share
                                                                            issued        and underlying          share capital of              capital of
      Name of shareholder                                Note          shares held            shares held           the Company            the Company
      Canada Pension Plan Investment Board                (a)          182,405,000             182,405,000                  13.91%                 13.91%
      GIC Private Limited                                 (b)          104,510,760             104,510,760                   7.97%                   7.97%
      Mr. David BONDERMAN                                 (c)          144,966,345             228,627,451                  11.05%                 17.43%
      Mr. James George COULTER                            (d)          144,966,345             228,627,451                  11.05%                 17.43%
      Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM                             (e)          144,966,345             228,627,451                  11.05%                 17.43%
      Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN                               (f)         144,966,345             228,627,451                  11.05%                 17.43%

Notes:

(a)      Canada Pension Plan Investment Board held 182,405,000 shares in the Company.

(b)      GIC Private Limited held 104,510,760 shares in the Company.

(c)      Mr. David BONDERMAN, through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely TPG Asia Advisors VI, Inc. and TPG Wireman, L.P.,
         held 228,627,451 interests in the Company, in which 83,661,106 shares were under convertible instruments, and was accordingly deemed to be
         interested in the shares held by the aforesaid companies.

(d)      Mr. James George COULTER, through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely TPG Asia Advisors VI, Inc. and TPG Wireman, L.P.,
         held 228,627,451 interests in the Company, in which 83,661,106 shares were under convertible instruments, and was accordingly deemed to be
         interested in the shares held by the aforesaid companies.

(e)      Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM, through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK GP III, Inc., MBK Partners GP III, L.P., MBK
         Partners Fund III, L.P., MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd held 228,627,451 interests in the Company, in which
         83,661,106 shares were under convertible instruments, and was accordingly deemed to be interested in the shares held by the aforesaid companies.

(f)      Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN, through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK Partners JC GP, Inc., MBK Partners JC GP, L.P.,
         MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd held 228,627,451 interests in the Company, in which 83,661,106 shares were
         under convertible instruments, and was accordingly deemed to be interested in the shares held by the aforesaid companies.


Other than the interests disclosed above, the Company was not notified of any other relevant interests or short positions
in the shares or underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives) of the Company as at 29
February 2024.



68        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                                   Other Information

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during 1H2024.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).
In determining the dividend amount, the Board will follow the Company’s dividend policy and take into account the
Group’s financial performance, investment and funding requirements, early debt repayment, prevailing economic and
market conditions, and other factors that the Board may consider relevant and appropriate. In general, the Company
targets to pay dividends in an amount of not less than 75% of the adjusted free cash flow. The Board will review the
dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to time.

Consistent with the Company’s dividend policy stated above, the Board has resolved to declare the payment of an
interim dividend of 15 cents (28 February 2023: 20 cents) per share for 1H2024 to the Shareholders whose names appear
on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 27 May 2024. The interim dividend will be payable in cash on or
around Wednesday, 5 June 2024.

Based on the terms and conditions of the vendor loan notes issued by the Company to TPG Wireman, L.P. and Twin
Holding Ltd with a principal amount of $970,468,828 each (the “Vendor Loan Notes”), the holders of Vendor Loan Notes
are entitled to receive a cash amount payable by the Company equal to $25,098,332 based on the 15 cents interim
dividend per ordinary share declared by the Company for the six months ended on 29 February 2024, as if the holders of
the Vendor Loan Notes are holders of 167,322,212 ordinary shares in the Company as of the record date for such interim
dividend. Such cash amount will be paid by the Company to the holders of Vendor Loan Notes on or around Wednesday,
5 June 2024, being the date on which the interim dividend for the six months ended 29 February 2024 will be paid by the
Company.

REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed with the management and the external auditor the unaudited
interim results of the Group for 1H2024, the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, as well as
discussion on auditing, internal control, risk management and financial reporting matters of the Group.

The unaudited interim financial report of the Group for 1H2024 has been reviewed by the Company’s external auditor in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim financial information performed
by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the HKICPA and reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   69
Other Information

UPDATE ON DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING
RULES

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the change in information of the Directors of the Company since the
publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report is set out below:

Ms. Cordelia CHUNG has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 15 December 2023 (the “2023 AGM”).

Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG has been appointed as the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination
Committee of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.

Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ has been appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with
effect from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.

Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with
effect from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.

Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI has resigned as (i) an Executive Director; (ii) a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee of the Company; and (iii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Group with effect from 28 February 2024.

Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG has been appointed as (i) a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of
the Company; and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Group with effect from 28 February 2024.

Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director, the chairman of the Nomination
Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee of Hung Fook Tong Group Holdings
Limited (stock code: 1446) with effect from 25 March 2024.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in the “Corporate Governance Code” contained in
Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during 1H2024.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct for
dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors, they confirmed that
they complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code during 1H2024.

                                                                                                  By order of the Board
                                                                                                       HKBN Ltd.
                                                                                                 Bradley Jay HORWITZ
                                                                                                        Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 April 2024




70   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
                                                                       Corporate Information

Chairman and Independent                                 Executive Directors
Non-executive Director
                                                         Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ                                  Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI (1)

Non-executive Directors                                  Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Liyang ZHANG                                         Ms. Cordelia CHUNG (3)
Ms. Shengping YU                                         Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG (4)
Mr. Agus TANDIONO (2)                                    Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG (4)
                                                         Ms. Edith Manling NGAN (2)
                                                         Mr. Stanley CHOW (5)
                                                         Mr. Yee Kwan Quinn LAW (5)

Company Secretary                                        Authorised Representatives

Ms. Chung Man CHENG                                      Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG (6)
                                                         Ms. Chung Man CHENG
                                                         Mr. Ni Quiaque LAI (1)

Composition of the Board Committees of the Company (as at the date of this report)

                                                                                                     Environmental,
                                                                                                       Social and
                                         Audit      Nomination                 Remuneration           Governance
  Director                             Committee    Committee                   Committee              Committee

  Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ               Member           Chairman                 Chairman
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                                                                    Member
  Mr. Liyang ZHANG                      Member                                    Member
  Ms. Shengping YU                                       Member
  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                                     Member                   Member
  Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG               Chairman          Member                                          Member
  Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG                                                       Member                 Chairman




Notes:

(1)   Resigned on 28 February 2024.                (4)     Appointed on 13 September 2023.

(2)   Resigned on 13 September 2023.               (5)     Retired on 15 December 2023.

(3)   Appointed on 15 December 2023.               (6)     Appointed on 28 February 2024.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024   71
Corporate Information

Registered Office                                                 Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and
                                                                  Transfer Office
P.O. Box 309
Ugland House                                                      COMPUTERSHARE HONG KONG INVESTOR SERVICES
Grand Cayman KY1-1104                                             LIMITED
Cayman Islands                                                    Rooms 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                                  Hopewell Centre
Head Office and Principal Place of                                183 Queen’s Road East
Business in Hong Kong                                             Wanchai
                                                                  Hong Kong
12th Floor, Trans Asia Centre
18 Kin Hong Street, Kwai Chung                                    Principal Bankers
New Territories
Hong Kong                                                         CITIBANK, N.A., HONG KONG BRANCH
                                                                  50th Floor, Champion Tower
Auditor                                                           3 Garden Road, Central
                                                                  Hong Kong
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance           STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG)
  with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance   LIMITED
8th Floor, Prince’s Building                                      3rd Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
10 Chater Road                                                    4–4A Des Voeux Road Central
Central                                                           Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                                                  Company’s Website
Cayman Principal Share Registrar and
Transfer Office                                                   www.hkbnltd.net

MAPLES FUND SERVICES (CAYMAN) LIMITED                             Stock Code
P.O. Box 1093
Boundary Hall                                                     1310
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




72   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2024
