EMPOWERING LIVES
RESHAPING BUSINESSES
INSPIRING INNOVATIONS
At HKBN, we’re not just a telecom company. We’re a catalyst for
change in Hong Kong. As one of Hong Kong’s leading telecom
and technology innovators, HKBN is redefining possibilities for
individuals and businesses alike. Our advanced solutions are
transforming lives and reshaping competition.

For households, we enhance everyday life with our award-winning
broadband and mobile services. Our expanding ecosystem offers
everything from OTT entertainment and smart home solutions to
healthcare and insurance, empowering people to work, learn, and
explore seamlessly.

As for businesses, we lay the digital foundation for growth and
innovation. Our comprehensive end-to-end solutions — from
mission-critical connectivity and cutting-edge cybersecurity to
tailored digital transformation and AI-powered automation —
provide businesses and organisations with the tools to streamline
operations, boost productivity, and spark innovation.

Join us as we shape the future!
CONTENTS
2           Key Financial and Operational Summary
4           Management Discussion and Analysis
8           Key Awards and Recognitions
10          A Look at 1H2025
27          Review Report
28          Unaudited Consolidated Income Statement
29          Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
30          Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
32          Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
34          Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
35          Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
55          Other Information
65          Corporate Information




Unless otherwise stated, all monetary figures from this report are in Hong Kong dollars. This report is published
in both English and Chinese. Where the English and the Chinese texts conflict, the English text shall prevail.
Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 1: Financial highlights
                                                                 For the six months ended
                                                                 28 February      29 February    Change
                                                                       2025             2024        YoY
    Key financials ($’000)
    Revenue                                                       5,734,269         5,809,091       -1%
    – Enterprise Solutions                                        2,549,534         2,310,418     +10%
    – Enterprise Solutions related products                         892,191           951,692       -6%
    – Residential Solutions                                       1,165,568         1,181,509       -1%
    – Handsets and other products                                 1,126,976         1,365,472      -17%
    Profit for the period                                           107,560             1,534    >100%
    EBITDA   1,2
                                                                  1,206,122         1,151,172      +5%
    Adjusted Free Cash Flow   1,3
                                                                    126,186           124,248      +2%
    Reconciliation of EBITDA & Adjusted Free Cash Flow   1,2,3


    Profit for the period                                           107,560             1,534    >100%
    Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs        142,259           135,127      +5%
    Amortisation of intangible assets                               177,859           185,771       -4%
    Depreciation                                                    411,210           423,891       -3%
    Finance costs                                                   366,024           400,712       -9%
    Income tax charge                                                 5,506             6,254      -12%
    Interest income                                                   (4,296)          (5,832)     -26%
    Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                       –            3,715     -100%
    EBITDA                                                        1,206,122         1,151,172      +5%
    Capital expenditure                                            (238,513)         (204,240)    +17%
    Changes in working capital                                     (100,391)          (16,929)   >100%
    Customer acquisition and retention costs                       (130,493)         (139,556)      -6%
    Income tax paid                                                (162,603)         (212,551)     -23%
    Lease payment in relation to right-of-use assets                 (91,603)         (91,504)     +0%
    Net interest paid                                              (356,333)         (362,144)      -2%
    Adjusted Free Cash Flow                                         126,186           124,248      +2%




2      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                     Key Financial and Operational Summary

Table 2: Operational highlights

                                                                               For the six months ended
                                                                   28 February                31 August             29 February                  Change
                                                                         2025                      2024                   2024                      YoY

  Enterprise business
  Commercial building coverage                                             8,183                    8,163                   8,120                    +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    – Broadband                                                               109                      110                    110                     -1%
    – Voice                                                                   347                      357                    373                     -7%
  Enterprise customers 4 (’000)                                                 97                      98                      97                        –
  Residential business
  Residential homes passed (’000)                                          2,614                    2,596                   2,579                    +1%
  Subscriptions (’000)
    – Broadband                                                               900                      907                    903                     -0%
    – Voice                                                                   314                      343                    367                    -14%
  Residential ARPU 5                                                        $186                     $182                    $181                    +3%
  Mobile business
  Subscriptions (’000)                                                        197                      217                    234                    -16%
  Residential customers (’000)                                                901                      932                    956                     -6%
  Total full-time permanent staff                                          3,741                    3,863                   4,159                    -10%

Notes:

(1)   EBITDA and AFF are not measures of performance under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”). These measures do not represent,
      and should not be used as substitutes for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with HKFRSs. These measures are
      not necessarily an indication of whether cash flow will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements. In addition, our definitions of these measures may
      not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.

(2)   EBITDA means profit for the period plus finance costs, income tax charge, depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets (net of direct cost incurred
      in corresponding period), amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs, loss on disposal of a subsidiary less interest income.

(3)   AFF means EBITDA less capital expenditure, customer acquisition and retention costs, net interest paid, income tax paid, lease payments in relation
      to right-of-use assets and changes in working capital. Working capital includes other non-current assets, inventories, trade receivables, other
      receivables, deposits and prepayments, contract assets, amounts due from/to joint ventures, trade payables (including amount utilised for supply
      chain financing), contract liabilities, and deposits received.

(4)   Enterprise customers means total number of enterprise customers excluding IDD, product resell and mobile customers.

(5)   ARPU means average revenue per user per month. Calculated by dividing the revenue generated in the relevant period from services subscribed by
      residential broadband subscribers, which include broadband services and any bundled voice, IP-TV and/or other entertainment services (excluding
      revenue from IDD and mobile services), by the number of average residential broadband subscriptions and further dividing by the number of months
      in the relevant period. Average residential broadband subscriptions are calculated by dividing the sum of such subscriptions at the beginning of the
      period and the end of the period by two. Our use and computation of residential ARPU may differ from the industry definition of ARPU due to our
      tracking of revenue generated from all services subscribed by residential broadband subscribers. We believe this gives us a better tool for observing
      the performance of our business as we track our residential ARPU on a bundled rather than standalone basis.




                                                                                                                  HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025            3
Management Discussion and Analysis

Business Review

Amid sustained macroeconomic uncertainty and tempered customer spending, the Group’s overall revenue for the six
months ended 28 February 2025 experienced a modest 1% decline to $5,734 million. This resilience reflects broader
market conditions rather than structural challenges. We have continued capitalising on our robust telecommunications
infrastructure and executing our strategic roadmap with discipline. Importantly, we are witnessing a favourable shift in
momentum — driven by steady demand for our high-margin solutions, improved operational efficiencies, and
partnerships in next-generation technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (“AI”).

Against industry-wide headwinds, our Enterprise Solutions business thrived with revenue growth of 6% to $3,442 million.
The total number of enterprise customers decreased slightly by 1% to 97,000, reflecting intense market competition and
economic pressures which have led to some business closures. Nevertheless, the overall business continued to
strengthen, recording a 10% increase in enterprise services revenue — excluding enterprise-related product revenue.
This growth underscores the strength of our core services and system integration (“SI”) capabilities.

Fuelled by robust demand for digital transformation, our SI business delivered strong revenue growth of 10%. Backed by
one of the region’s largest teams of IT experts, we continued to provide bespoke SI solutions, including the integration
of AI and automation capabilities to address a broader range of complex, industry-specific challenges.

We have solidified our competitive position by strategically combining our high-performance GigaFast Fixed
Telecommunications Network Services (“FTNS”) with an expanded suite of advanced enterprise solutions. This powerful
integration enabled us to deliver comprehensive digital transformation capabilities, encompassing robust cybersecurity
protection, cloud computing services, as well as, world-class data backup and migration solutions.

HKBN Care+, our all-in-one IT-as-a-service solution, continued to gain traction by tackling key challenges for resource-
constrained enterprises. It offers a predictable subscription pricing model that eliminates the uncertainty of variable IT
expenses. Designed to empower SMEs and organisations without in-house IT teams, HKBN Care+ provides on-demand
access to our deep technical expertise across the entire IT stack, from device troubleshooting and network optimisation
to endpoint security.

During the interim period, we made significant progress in supporting our customers’ cross-border operations. For
mainland Chinese companies, especially from the Greater Bay Area (“GBA”), we provided the network and IT solutions
necessary for their ventures into Hong Kong. At the same time, we helped global enterprises navigate the challenges of
operating in mainland China. Notably, we observed accelerated growth in serving the GBA market, where our position
as a technology enabler with deep regional expertise is driving strong adoption of our cross-border solutions.

Our Residential Solutions business demonstrated resilience with a slight revenue decline of 1% to $1,166 million. During
the six months ended 28 February 2025, the total number of residential customers decreased by 3% to 901,000, driven by
fierce market competition and our continued strategy to prioritise long-term profitability through elevating the customer
base to a broader array of higher-end services, experiences, and offerings. For example, we strengthened partnerships
to enhance our Infinite-play offerings, collaborating with INDICAID, Evercare, and AXA Hong Kong and Macau. While
deepening our consumer engagement in healthcare and travel insurance, our breakthrough offerings maintained a
strong focus on delivering disruptive value, innovation and convenience for customers.




4    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

Our service revenue exhibited resilience as we executed our Infinite-play strategy, expanding our value-added services
to foster deeper, more engaging customer relationships. This strategy has proven especially effective in strengthening
our entertainment ecosystem, with partnerships with premium content providers — including Netflix, Disney+, myTV
SUPER, iQIYI, and newly added Max — driving higher engagement. This contributed to a 3% increase in residential
ARPU, reaching $186.

Additionally, our Global SIM service experienced robust growth, fuelled by consumers’ increasing appetite for high-
value, high-quality roaming services. This surge in demand reflects renewed travel activity and customers’ preference for
seamless connectivity abroad.

Network costs and costs of sales decreased by 2% to $3,720 million in line with the decrease in revenue.

Other operating expenses decreased by 4% to $1,541 million, mainly attributed to a decline in staff costs of $63 million
due to digitalisation and operational improvements, a decrease in depreciation of $12 million and other cost-saving
initiatives.

Finance costs decreased by 9% to $366 million. This reduction was primarily driven by a $32 million decrease in interest
and finance charges on bank loans, attributed to the decline in HIBOR. Additionally, there was a $2 million increase in fair
value gain on interest-rate swaps, further contributing to the overall decrease in finance costs.

Income tax decreased by 12% to $6 million, primarily due to the benefit from recognising deferred tax assets arising from
unused tax losses of the Group’s subsidiary.

As a result of the aforementioned factors, profit attributable to equity shareholders increased from $1.5 million to $108
million.

EBITDA increased by 5% to $1,206 million, due to strong operational performance and strategic initiatives targeted at
driving growth.

Adjusted free cash flow (“AFF”) increased by 2% to $126 million, mainly due to a higher EBITDA of $55 million, a
decrease in net interest paid by $6 million, a decrease in customer acquisition and retention cost of $9 million, and a
decrease in income tax paid of $50 million. These gains were partly offset by higher capital expenditure of $34 million
and an increase in working capital outflow of $84 million.

Outlook

The past six months have presented a challenging environment, with cautious customer spending and shifting market
conditions shaping our operational landscape. Intensified competition, global trade uncertainties, and constrained
budgets among clients have pressured profitability and tested industry adaptability. In response, we’ve continued
prioritising operational efficiency — yielding measurable gains which have strengthened our cost structure and enhanced
our ability to adjust to market shifts.

Amid these challenges, the AI revolution is igniting a wave of adoption that will drive demand for advanced solutions
across our customer base. To address this, we’ve formed partnerships with specialised leaders in AI cloud and data
centre compute, bolstering our enterprise offerings to meet these emerging needs. Our GigaFast broadband solutions,
ranging from 2Gbps to 25Gbps, remain a critical asset, providing the capacity required for AI applications and a broad
spectrum of ICT solutions and services for our Residential and Enterprise Solutions customers.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   5
Management Discussion and Analysis

Our broadband and FTNS services are high-margin cornerstones of HKBN’s business, making customer retention a top
priority in an era where connectivity underpins nearly every digital interaction. We believe that by strategically
encouraging customers to adopt a broader ecosystem of our services and solutions — such as enterprise-grade
cybersecurity, AI-powered network monitoring and data centre services, or value-added residential offerings like
managed Wi-Fi, mobile services and OTT entertainment — we can deepen their reliance on our platform. This approach
strengthens long-term customer loyalty by embedding HKBN more fully into each customer’s daily life or business
operations.

Looking ahead, several factors present potential upside. Expected interest rate reductions could lower our financing
costs, an advantage reinforced by our recent refinancing of $6.75 billion* in debt with a consortium of banks. This facility
includes provisions for reduced interest rates tied to achieving sustainability performance targets, aligning financial
benefits with our environmental commitments. Additionally, Hong Kong is experiencing an influx of mainland Chinese
companies, particularly in retail and food & beverage, establishing operations here. Many require support in connectivity,
IT, SI, and digital transformation — areas where HKBNES is well-positioned to serve. For these firms, Hong Kong often
serves as a gateway to international markets, expanding our addressable opportunities.

To capitalise on this and other opportunities, we established the HKBN InnoTech Ecosystem Alliance (“HKBN iTEA”) in
January 2025, a powerhouse coalition that unites our fragmented ICT and innovation sectors. This initiative supports
businesses navigating technological complexity, assists mainland Chinese companies in setting up locally, and facilitates
global firms’ access to mainland China markets. It’s a dual-purpose engine — that will help us drive growth locally and
regionally, particularly across the GBA.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As at 28 February 2025, the Group had total cash and cash equivalents of $1,078 million (31 August 2024: $1,217 million)
and gross debt of $11,406 million (31 August 2024: $11,528 million), which led to a net debt position of $10,328 million (31
August 2024: $10,311 million). Lease liabilities of $426 million (31 August 2024: $494 million) were included as debt as at
28 February 2025 in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities. The Group’s gearing ratio, which was
expressed as a ratio of the gross debt over total equity, was 4.7x as at 28 February 2025 (31 August 2024: 4.5x).

The Group’s net debt to EBITDA ratio, as computed in accordance with the term of the Group’s various loan facilities,
was approximately 4.8x as at 28 February 2025 (31 August 2024: 4.9x). The average finance cost calculated as the interest
and coupon charges over the average borrowing balance was 7.1% (31 August 2024: 7.2%). The average weighted
maturity of the Group’s borrowings was 0.9 years as at 28 February 2025 (31 August 2024: 1.4 years).

Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash at bank and in hand. There was no pledged bank deposit as at 28 February
2025 and 31 August 2024. As at 28 February 2025, the Group had an undrawn revolving credit facility of $8,102 million (31
August 2024: $1,349 million), of which $5,250 million being the available facility and $1,500 million being the incremental
facility, to refinance the existing bank loans, which were completed on 18 March 2025 and 17 April 2025, respectively.

Under the liquidity and capital resources condition as at 28 February 2025, the Group can fund its capital expenditures
and working capital requirements for the year with internal resources and the available banking facilities.




* $5.25 billion refinanced with $1.50 billion raised through greenshoe option executed in light of oversubscription.




6     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis

Hedging

The Group’s policy is to partially hedge the interest rate risk arising from the variable interest rates of the debt
instruments and facilities by entering into interest-rate swaps. The Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer are primarily responsible for overseeing the hedging activities. Under their guidance, the Group’s finance team is
responsible for planning, executing and monitoring the hedging activities.

The Group would not enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes. The Group entered into an interest-
rate swap arrangement in the principal amount of $5,250 million with an international financial institution for a term of 2.5
years from 1 June 2023 to 24 November 2025. Benefiting from the hedging arrangement, the Group fixed the HIBOR
interest rate exposure at 3.95% per annum.

The interest-rate swap arrangement is recognised initially at fair value and remeasured at the end of each reporting
period. Neither of the financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9, Financial instruments, and
therefore, it is accounted for as held for trading and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Charge on Group Assets

As at 28 February 2025, the Group pledged assets to secure the other borrowings of $24 million (31 August 2024: $37
million).

Contingent Liabilities

As at 28 February 2025, the Group had total contingent liabilities of $295 million (31 August 2024: $297 million) in respect
of bank guarantees provided to suppliers and customers and utility vendors in lieu of payment of utility deposits. The
decrease of $2 million was mainly due to a decrease in performance guarantee issued to the Group’s suppliers and
customers.

Exchange Rates

All the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities are primarily denominated in either Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) or United
States dollars (“USD”). Given the exchange rate of HKD to the USD has remained close to the current pegged rate of
HKD7.80 = USD1.00 since 1983, management does not expect significant foreign exchange gains or losses between the
two currencies. The Group is also exposed to a certain amount of foreign exchange risk based on fluctuations between
HKD and Renminbi arising from its operations. In order to limit this foreign currency risk exposure, the Group ensures
that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level of buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary.

Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

The Group did not make any significant investments, acquisitions or disposals in relation to its subsidiaries and
associated companies during the six months ended 28 February 2025.

Staff Remuneration

As at 28 February 2025, the Group had 3,741 permanent full-time staff (31 August 2024: 3,863 staff). The Group provides
remuneration packages consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are discretionary and
dependent on both the Group’s and individual performances. The Group also provides comprehensive medical
insurance coverage, competitive retirement benefits schemes, and staff training programmes.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   7
Key Awards and Recognitions


    During the reporting period, HKBN was honoured to receive several prestigious
    awards and recognitions, underscoring our notable achievements.




        Hong Kong Awards for                    Best Fixed Network
        Environmental Excellence —              Operator (Silver Award)
        Servicing and Trading                   CAHK STAR Award
        (Silver Award)




                                                FY24 Best Deal of the Year —
                                                Secure Networking
        Top Regional Channel Partner            Cisco Greater Bay Area
        of the Year
        Alibaba Cloud




8    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                      Key Awards and Recognitions




  Best Data Monetization Award
  Data & AI Literacy Association




01 Gold Medal Awards 2024 —
Outstanding Broadband Services Provider
HK01




                                                  HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   9
A Look at 1H2025

Customers First

At the heart of everything we do is a steadfast commitment to customer satisfaction. As a leader in ICT, we empower
enterprises across Hong Kong, mainland China, and beyond with innovative technology solutions, robust partnerships,
and a deep understanding of the challenges businesses encounter in their journeys to compete, grow, and succeed. For
residential customers, our Infinite-play strategy continues to evolve, redefining value by offering a richer mix of services,
choices, and options that households truly desire.

Information2 Software Partnership
At a critical time when IT demands are surging,
HKBNES is enhancing our software distribution
capabilities with a strategic partnership that saw
us become Information2 Software’s first general
distributor in Hong Kong. This collaboration
strengthens HKBNES’s pre- and post-sales
capabilities, providing businesses, institutions,
and distributors with a comprehensive suite of
tools to navigate increasing IT complexity and
compliance needs.

As operational environments evolve, companies
are increasingly adopting multi-cloud strategies
to avoid vendor lock-in and enhance resilience.
Information2 Software’s portfolio — spanning
database backup, replication, migration, and
security — addresses these challenges head-on,
helping businesses break down data silos and
drive digital transformation.



                                                                   CyberZafe
     “Leveraging our outstanding technological                     Cybersecurity has transitioned from an afterthought to
     capabilities and deep industry experience,                    a frontline imperative — particularly for SMEs, where
     Information2 Software is a leader in delivering               the stakes have never been higher.
     diverse, multi-level data protection and
     management solutions for overseas government                  HKBNES is elevating security with CyberZafe, an
     agencies, financial services, telecommunications,             enterprise-grade network security solution tailored for
     energy, and automotive sectors. We are                        SMEs. Unlike generic, one-size-fits-all approaches,
     excited to collaborate with HKBNES, which                     CyberZafe assesses each organisation’s specific
     will further bring diversified data management                vulnerabilities, providing precise, actionable insights to
     solutions to an extensive range of enterprise                 fortify defences. Developed in collaboration with
     customers.”                                                   cybersecurity leaders like Check Point Software, Palo
                                                                   Alto Networks, Qi An Xin Technology, and Integrity
     Justin Hu
                                                                   Technology, our proprietary solution offers a robust
     CEO and General Manager of Information2
     Software




10   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                       A Look at 1H2025

suite of services — including security consultancy, phishing
awareness training, vulnerability assessments, penetration
                                                                                       “HKBN is committed to providing
testing, managed firewalls, endpoint security, and email
                                                                                       enterprise-level and tailored response
security — supporting businesses from proactive threat
                                                                                       solutions, including network health
prevention to swift incident response.
                                                                                       checks, incident response guidance,
                                                                                       and trend analysis — empowering
                                                                                       organisations across all industries to
                                                                                       establish a strong foundation for
                                                                                       network security, even amidst a shortage
                                                                                       of IT professionals.”

                                                                                       Wilson Tang
                                                                                       Chief Information Security Officer




    Embracing AI Opportunities
    AI has transcended the realm of science fiction
    — it’s increasingly shaping the next wave of
    commercial innovations. As the demand for
    advanced computing power grows, HKBNES is
    positioning itself at the forefront to deliver
    scalable, world-class solutions that unlock new
    opportunities, helping enterprises harness their
    digital potential. Whether optimising workflows,
    training AI models, or driving data-driven
    decision-making, we’re focused on equipping
    businesses with the technological resources and
    tools they need to stay agile and ready for the
    future.

    Suanova Technology
    HKBNES has partnered with Suanova Technology, becoming Hong Kong’s first distributor of its advanced computing
    power services. This collaboration leverages METAX’s formidable GPU strength to meet our enterprise clients’ needs,
    supercharging their AI applications and workflows.

    The timing couldn’t be better. Market intelligence firm, International Data Corporation (IDC)1, forecasts global AI
    investment soaring to USD749 billion by 2028, tripling from USD227 billion in 2025, as businesses race to integrate AI into
    their core operations. Suanova, a trailblazer in compute services, operates two Intelligent Computing Centres in Shanghai
    and Hong Kong, delivering an impressive 1,000 PetaFLOPs of capacity for tasks ranging from training large language
    models to processing complex AI workloads.




1
    IDC Unveils 2025 FutureScapes: Worldwide IT Industry Predictions. Source: https://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prUS52691924



                                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   11
A Look at 1H2025


       With Suanova’s Fengshou series, powered by METAX GPUs, HKBNES provides agile, self-managing computing
       platforms tailored to each enterprise’s specific demands. This partnership not only enhances technology
       capabilities, but also cements HKBNES as a vital bridge in Hong Kong’s evolution into an AI-powered hub.




             “Our goal is to deliver professional, autonomous, and innovative services for
             enterprises in mainland China, the Greater Bay Area, and Hong Kong, fostering
             growth and facilitating smart transformations for a shared future. Our collaboration
             with HKBNES will significantly shorten the distance for enterprises to access AI
             computing resources, making cutting-edge technology services readily available. We
             expect this partnership to set a new standard across the industry, driving many more
             enterprises to expedite their digitalisation journeys, and unlock limitless possibilities.”

             Gu Meng
             President of Suanova Technology




     Futong Technology
     HKBNES has partnered with Futong Technology, a                Built on container and Kubernetes technologies, the
     leading mainland Chinese innovator, to become its first       system boosts resource efficiency by 75%, optimising
     Hong Kong distributor of the “Private AI Cloud-in-a-Box”.     compute power while simplifying tasks like resource
     This solution brings sophisticated AI tools within reach of   scheduling and model inference. By reducing technical
     local businesses at a time when AI-Generated Content          overhead, this solution allows businesses to focus on
     (“AIGC”) is gaining momentum worldwide. Through our           innovation rather than infrastructure management.
     collaboration, HKBNES introduces Futong Cloud’s
     “Supool Large Model All-in-One Server” as a Model-as-a-
     Service offering, combining hardware, software, and
     ongoing support into a single package that accelerates AI         “We are eager to work with HKBNES, as
     model deployment for enterprises.                                 this collaboration represents a pivotal
                                                                       step for Futong Technology in helping
                                                                       clients across many more industries
                                                                       advance into the AIGC space. By merging
                                                                       our leading technological strengths with
                                                                       HKBN’s local expertise, we aim to deliver
                                                                       safer, more efficient, and compliant AI
                                                                       solutions for the Hong Kong market,
                                                                       empowering enterprises to innovate and
                                                                       grow in the digital economy.”

                                                                       Chen Jian
                                                                       Chairman of Futong Technology




12     HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                               A Look at 1H2025


Global Switch
HKBNES has joined forces with Global Switch, a leading
data centre operator, to deliver resilient, next-generation
data management solutions. This partnership combines
HKBNES’s top-tier fibre network and seamless
managed services with Global Switch’s state-of-the-art
facility in Hong Kong, addressing the rising demand for
high-performance computing and efficient data storage
as AI reshapes industries. Located in Tseung Kwan O
Industrial Estate, Global Switch Hong Kong is one of
the city’s largest carrier-neutral data centres, covering
70,545 square meters with a 100 MVA power backbone.
It is the first in Hong Kong to deploy direct-to-chip
liquid cooling, an energy-efficient innovation that           “Last year, we showcased the latest in
increases compute density within the same footprint.          liquid cooling technology at our Hong
                                                              Kong data centre, and are continuing to
Given AI’s substantial energy consumption, optimising         see strong demand from customers
power use is critical for maximising computational            seeking efficient and sustainable AI and
gains. Designed for excellent scalability, the facility       high-performance computing deployments.
excels at managing energy-hungry workloads like AI            We are pleased to partner with HKBNES,
model training, high-performance computing, and               providing access to our highly flexible,
large-scale server operations.                                market-leading infrastructure for the
                                                              region’s most innovative businesses, and
                                                              supporting the growth of the local AI
                                                              industry.”

                                                              Eric Liu
                                                              Managing Director,
                                                              Global Switch Hong Kong




                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   13
HKBN InnoTech
Ecosystem Alliance
In today’s landscape, staying ahead requires
more than keeping up — it often demands
collaborative action to transform challenges
into opportunities. That’s why we launched
the HKBN InnoTech Ecosystem Alliance
(“HKBN iTEA”) in January 2025: to create a
dynamic platform that unites leading
technology providers, deep industry
expertise, and high-value resources.

The rationale behind HKBN iTEA is as
straightforward as it’s visionary. Businesses
today need more than isolated solutions,
they require cohesive ecosystems that              Hong Kong’s digital future takes flight as government and ICT leaders unite to launch HKBN iTEA.
deliver speed, scale, and synergy. What sets
HKBN iTEA apart is its ability to integrate the
diverse strengths of its members across a
broad spectrum of technology domains into
a seamless ecosystem. This collaborative
edge ensures that businesses can access
solutions that address their needs holistically,
cutting through the complexities and
inefficiencies of dealing with multiple
vendors.




                                                           Our President and Group COO, Dr. Denis Yip, outlines the vision behind the
Real-World Impact                                          Alliance.
Consider a company seeking to expand
into mainland China. Through HKBN                            “Businesses and our tech industry are facing significant
iTEA, it can access reliable network                         challenges — rapid digital shifts, rising cybersecurity threats,
infrastructure for connectivity, scalable                    and the complexities of markets like Hong Kong, mainland
cloud solutions for operations, AI tools                     China, and beyond. HKBN iTEA addresses these head-on by
for data-driven decision-making, and
                                                             partnering with leading innovators to create a vibrant
cybersecurity expertise to safeguard its
                                                             ecosystem. This collaboration can help businesses navigate
digital footprint — all while benefiting
                                                             the future of AI, security, compute power, and connectivity
from the alliance’s local market insights
                                                             — turning untapped potential into sustainable success.”
to navigate regional obstacles.
                                                              Dr. Denis Yip
                                                              President and Group Chief Operating Officer




14   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
Bridging Markets
HKBN iTEA stands on two strategic advantages:

Gateway Amplification                                                  Hub Magnetism
Hong Kong’s competitive strength lies in its dual role as a            GBA — with its manufacturing prowess and innovation
global financial hub and a gateway to mainland China.                  hubs like Shenzhen — offers an ideal front door through
HKBN iTEA harnesses this advantage, allowing a mainland                Hong Kong. Global firms can tap into the GBA’s resources
tech firm looking to enter the ASEAN market to connect                 via a single entry point, leveraging HKBN’s data centres
with partners, gain market intelligence, and scale with                and connectivity to establish and scale their operations
confidence, all supported by HKBN’s robust infrastructure.             faster. HKBN iTEA presents Hong Kong not just as open
Likewise, a global player can use HKBN iTEA to access                  for business — but as a launchpad for the future.
mainland China’s vast market via Hong Kong, facilitating
expansion that is both de-risked and accelerated.




  Founding members of the Alliance at the landmark signing ceremony.



    Expertise Super-Connector
    HKBN iTEA excels through its practical approach to foster an alliance that connects expertise. For instance, an AI
    specialist might collaborate with a digital strategy firm to develop tailored solutions for local SMEs, while HKBN
    ensures secure and seamless integration. This cross-pollination of specialisations builds an expertise pipeline that
    keeps businesses ahead of trends and challenges.

    Why HKBN Had to Lead This Charge
    As a trusted name in Hong Kong’s tech landscape, we recognised that businesses had been struggling to keep pace
    with rapid changes. With our deep expertise and capabilities, HKBN is uniquely positioned to bridge this gap.

    For the business community, HKBN iTEA serves as a lifeline. In a world filled with uncertainty — technological,
    economic, and beyond — HKBN iTEA offers clarity and support. Whether expanding into new markets, building a
    digital backbone, or staying ahead of competitors, HKBN iTEA signifies progress for Hong Kong, where industries
    are no longer just adapting but shaping the future.

    Join the Alliance
    The launch of HKBN iTEA marks a turning point. It’s a rallying cry for our industry to shed its reactive approach, seize
    the reins of innovation, and empower the business community amid sweeping digital shifts. By joining HKBN iTEA,
    companies can gain access to a powerhouse ecosystem designed to drive success.




                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   15
  Empowering Consumer Lifestyles
  At the core of our Residential Solutions’s Infinite-play strategy lies a bold, simple question: how can we further elevate the
  customer experience? This driving force fuels our relentless commitment to creating value that truly connects with consumers.
  Infinite-play is much more than a product or service lineup — it’s a promise to empower people to live richer, more vibrant
  lives.

  This year, we expanded Infinite-play with an array of groundbreaking new offerings across healthcare, entertainment, mobile
  connectivity, and travel essentials, reinforcing our commitment to being a customer-first brand.



                                                              Expanded Healthcare Ecosystem
                                                              Building on Infinite-play’s healthcare debut last year, we’re
                                                              transforming accessibility with two bold innovations: INDICAID
                                                              and Evercare.

                                                              HKBN teamed up with INDICAID, a trusted leader in at-home
                                                              health testing, to launch Hong Kong’s first Monthly At-Home
                                                              Testing Package. This subscription service empowers customers
Our packaged offerings make health check-ups easy and         with self-testing kits for key health areas — respiratory,
convenient.                                                   gastrointestinal, reproductive, and more. Starting at just $48/
                                                              month, customers can choose any two tests from INDICAID’s
                                                              range, with free delivery. For an extra $20/month, they can add a
                                                              cancer screening package featuring tests for cervical, stomach,
                                                              and colorectal cancer risks, supporting early detection and family
                                                              wellness.

                                                              Complementing this, our partnership with Evercare introduces
                                                              affordable home care solutions for Hong Kong’s fast-paced
                                                              households. With busy schedules often leaving little time to
                                                              care for elderly or mobility-impaired loved ones, Evercare offers
                                                              flexible solutions like wound care, medical escorts, and home
Our home care support packages bring expert care to each      care support — starting at $399/month.
customer’s doorstep.




 Entertainment to the Max
 In the world of entertainment, content reigns supreme — and HKBN is
 dedicated to bringing the best to our customers. This year, we partnered
 with Max, integrating its world-class OTT platform into our Infinite-play
 options. With this addition, HKBN has become Hong Kong’s only carrier
 offering five major OTT platforms — Max, myTV SUPER, Netflix, Disney+,
 and iQIYI — satisfying every entertainment craving.

 Renowned for its award-winning originals, blockbuster films, and
 exclusive content, Max offers a wealth of premium content for every
 HKBN customer.
                                                                              With Max, HKBN delivers on our promise to bring customers the
                                                                              world’s best OTT content.


  16    HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
Travel Insurance, Made Smarter
For travellers, our all-new HKBN SmartTraveller Plus,
launched with AXA Hong Kong and Macau, is a tailored
travel insurance solution. Frequent flyers and families
often face the challenge of rigid insurance plans that
don’t quite fit their needs — especially with children or
trips to mainland China. Our single-journey plan covers
all children1 under the same policy with their parents at
no extra cost and has no upper age limit, making it
ideal for multi-generational travel. The annual plan
bundles parents and children together, reducing costs
and hassles for families who travel frequently.
Additionally, with optional mainland China coverage
and a hospital deposit guarantee for annual
policyholders, our solution addresses a real pain point
— ensuring access to care abroad without upfront cash
in emergencies.




Smarter, Faster Connectivity                                                    HKBN has also strengthened our partnership with TP-Link
At home, our GigaFast broadband is setting a new                                to elevate the GigaFast experience, introducing an
benchmark for high-speed internet. Offering bandwidth                           upgraded “Priority Plus” home Wi-Fi solution. Built on TP-
options from 2Gbps to a market-leading 25Gbps, GigaFast                         Link’s Aginet cloud platform, this solution is optimised for
meets the needs of modern households — whether                                  GigaFast’s speeds, integrating advanced Aginet routers
supporting remote work, enabling butter-smooth 4K                               and real-time cloud management. By combining
streaming, or ensuring lag-free online gaming. Beyond raw                       GigaFast’s bandwidth with TP-Link’s smart Wi-Fi
speed, our service provides the capacity to handle multiple                     technology, “Priority Plus” delivers a uniquely user-friendly,
devices simultaneously, coupled with ultra-low latency and                      high-performance network experience that keeps
exceptional reliability.                                                        households connected — and, almost like magic,
                                                                                automatically detects and resolves issues before they’re
This rollout is a key step in HKBN’s strategy to future-proof                   even noticed.
home connectivity, providing customers with a network that
supports their needs today and into the future.

                                                                                      “At HKBN, our focus in Residential
                                                                                      Solutions is on delivering what customers
                                                                                      truly need. Healthcare, entertainment, and
                                                                                      connectivity aren’t just offerings — they’re
                                                                                      answers to real-life demands. Step by step,
                                                                                      year on year, we’ve listened, learned, and
                                                                                      built solutions that genuinely make a real
                                                                                      difference.”

                                                                                      Elinor Shiu
                                                                                      Chief Executive Officer — Residential Solutions




1
    Children must be between 30 days and under 18 years old, named in the same policy schedule as their parent(s), and travelling together with their
    parent(s) for the entire trip; the benefit limits on medical expenses and personal accidents for them are lower under this coverage, however, there is an
    option to upgrade if desired.


                                                                                                                 HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025          17
A Look at 1H2025

Our People                                                      Residential Solutions FY25 Kickoff Meeting
                                                                Every new fiscal year presents a critical opportunity to
At HKBN, our people don’t just power our success — we           recalibrate our focus for greater impact. This year, we
push the boundaries of what can be achieved. Every day,         gathered over 1,000 Residential Solutions team members
we count on our teams for their bold creativity, relentless     for our FY25 strategy rollout — emphasising core priorities,
drive, and collaborative spirit. That’s why we’re committed     market offerings, and our Infinite-play approach to drive
to making HKBN the best in our industry at attracting and       deeper customer engagement. The event mobilised our
nurturing the brightest and most diverse talent.                RS teams with bold growth targets and execution
                                                                momentum for the year ahead.
Employee Engagement & Wellness
A dynamic, energised workforce drives our ability to lead
in a fast-changing industry. At HKBN, we understand that
our success hinges on treating our people with equity and
respect. Through generous benefits and a culture that
values every individual, our teams are empowered to thrive
both personally and professionally.

New Employee Roundtable Discussions
Creating a workplace where every voice matters is crucial.
This year, we introduced roundtable discussions for new
hires during their onboarding process in Guangzhou.

These structured conversations allow our Human Resources
team to:                                                        Enterprise Solutions FY25 Kickoff Meeting
                                                                With AI and other emerging technologies unlocking a
                                                                floodgate of possibilities, 2025 will be a defining year for
•    Identify immediate opportunities to enhance the
                                                                the business sector’s transformation. Over 500 Enterprise
     employee experience
                                                                Solutions team members converged as leadership
•    Address potential challenges before they become            unveiled our FY25 strategic roadmap, anchored by a full
     obstacles                                                  spectrum of GigaFast-powered solutions and world-class
•    Demonstrate from day one that we value and act on          partnerships. With FY25 goals set, our ES teams are poised
     employee input                                             to turn this vision into measurable market successes.


Your Voice
This year, we continued to utilise “Your Voice”, a
dedicated digital platform that empowers our employees
to share their feedback, concerns, and ideas in real-time. By
championing open communication, this powerful tool not
only provides our employees with a direct line to express
their thoughts — but also enables our leadership to listen,
identify emerging trends, and act on employee insights.
This initiative strengthens engagement across all levels —
and has the potential to drive improvements across our
workplace and operations.




18   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                    A Look at 1H2025

Year-end Celebrations                                                    Lunar New Year Lion Dance
We concluded an extraordinary year with celebration                      With thunderous drums and vibrant lion dances, we
dinners for over 1,800 Hong Kong teammates, and 1,700                    welcomed the Lunar New Year with spectacular festivities
Guangzhou colleagues. These vibrant events — filled with                 across our Hong Kong and Guangzhou offices. These lively
team bonding, delightful food, and festive cheer —                       celebrations brought good luck to every floor, boosting
provided the perfect energy boost as we charged into an                  morale and setting a positive tone for our teams to aim
exciting new year.                                                       even higher in the year ahead.




  Our teams kick off the celebrations with the ultimate year-end staff
  gathering.



Christmas Bazaar & Lunar New Year Market
To ease the holiday hustle for our team, we hosted
Christmas and Lunar New Year workplace markets. These
festive pop-ups offered unbeatable discounts, grab-and-
go gift bundles, and hands-on DIY décor stations —
turning shopping into a celebration. It’s our way of
standing by our employees, adding joy and support during
the busy festive season.




                                                                           Spreading Lunar New Year cheer.




  Brushstrokes of fortune! Keeping traditions going with handwritten
  Lunar New Year blessings.




                                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   19
A Look at 1H2025

Learning & Development                                                    Future Planning & Development
At HKBN, we’re committed to cultivating a culture that                    We empower our teams with strategic career development
equips our people with the skills and expertise to excel in               tools to thrive in an evolving workplace. Our latest
a fast-evolving industry. From essential job-specific skills              programme brought together 127 employees (51 from
and leadership development to tailored programmes for                     Hong Kong and 76 from mainland China), offering clear
high-potential individuals, we ensure every employee has                  pathways for growth amid technological and market shifts.
the tools needed to succeed.                                              Participants gained practical insights, aligning personal
                                                                          aspirations with our operational goals, thus bridging
HKBN Academy                                                              individual potential with business priorities.
In a constantly shifting world, HKBN Academy provides
our teams with a robust collection of online learning                     Training
resources — covering everything from specialised job skills               In an industry that never stands still, up-to-date knowledge
to practical tips for personal and team efficiency. These                 and sharper skills are essential. For all staff, we provide
resources are designed for flexibility, broken into short,                annual refresher training on critical areas such as customer
focused segments that fit into busy schedules. Whether                    engagement and ethics. For new joiners, we mandate
mastering a new tool, refining a process, or acquiring new                immersive training that integrates our culture and policies
skills, our employees can engage anytime — keeping their                  with hands-on skills, covering everything from IT
skills sharp and relevant.                                                fundamentals to information security — ensuring they’re
                                                                          ready to execute from day one.

                                                                          During the reporting period, we provided a total of 28,793
                                                                          hours of training.

                                                                          Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                          At HKBN, diversity and inclusion are not mere checkboxes
                                                                          — they are catalysts for innovation. We value our people
                                                                          for their unique strengths and perspectives, which drive
                                                                          our ability to develop solutions that create meaningful
                                                                          impact for all stakeholders.
  Future leaders in training! Our “Be a Pioneer” programme is nurturing
  HKBN’s next wave of managers.
                                                                          As part of our commitment to gender diversity, we’re proud
                                                                          to maintain strong female representation in technical roles,
                                                                          achieving 25.83% by the end of the reporting period.

                                                                          EmpowHER2B
                                                                          This year, HKBN joined EmpowerHER2B — Inclusive Workstyle
                                                                          Drive, an external programme dedicated to transforming career
                                                                          re-entry opportunities for working mothers and returning
                                                                          professionals. Through powerful mentor pairings with HKBN
                                                                          leaders who’ve navigated similar journeys, participants can gain:

                                                                          •     Real-world insights through immersive job-
  Kicking off our Pioneer Development Programme with a team cooking             shadowing experiences
  challenge — fostering collaboration while putting planning and
  execution skills to the test!
                                                                          •     Career-ready confidence with tailored interview
                                                                                preparation

                                                                          •     A supportive community that understands the
                                                                                challenges of workforce re-entry

20   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                         A Look at 1H2025

To Special HER                                                    Enhancing Our Business
This year, we marked International Women’s Day with our
“To Special HER” campaign, a dynamic initiative created           At HKBN, progress isn’t about incremental adjustments —
to honour and empower our female colleagues. The                  it’s about making improvements across every facet of our
programme featured “About HER”, an engaging quiz                  business. From greener operations to stronger cybersecurity
sparking dialogue on gender representation, and “HER              and exceptional customer journeys, we’re building a
Power”, featuring kickboxing and Pilates sessions focused         company that delivers lasting value for all stakeholders.
on women’s wellness. Beyond celebration, our initiative
recognised women’s invaluable contributions while                 Delivering Better Network Experiences
promoting both professional growth and personal                   To cement our lead in performance, reliability, and reach,
well-being through educational engagement and physical            we continued to invest substantially in our network
empowerment.                                                      technology infrastructure. We’ve also implemented
                                                                  rigorous monitoring and clear escalation procedures to
                                                                  ensure our service platforms remain reliable and
                                                                  responsive.

                                                                  Network Performance
                                                                  Our Network Operation Centre (“NOC”) operates 24/7 to
                                                                  monitor and maintain optimal network performance.
                                                                  Utilising advanced network monitoring tools and
                                                                  automation technology, our NOC conducts health checks
                                                                  to ensure network reliability and expedite issue resolution.

  Punching above their weight! Our female warriors are building
                                                                  Our NOC continuously tracks WAN link utilisation while
  confidence one roundhouse kick at a time.
                                                                  dynamically adjusting routing and capacity in real-time,
                                                                  ensuring smoother broadband service delivery. To prevent
                                                                  potential outages, our Network Service team collaborates
                                                                  with world-class partners to perform regular assessments
                                                                  across all service platforms and infrastructure components.
                                                                  This rigorous approach maintains system integrity, with
                                                                  protocols for equipment replacement whenever anomalies
                                                                  are detected.

                                                                  Network Coverage
                                                                  Over the past several years, we’ve steadily expanded our
                                                                  residential and enterprise network coverage. A key priority
  Downward dog, upward mobility! Our Pilates classes keep teams
  balanced in body, mind and spirit.                              has been supporting mobile network operators’ 5G base
                                                                  stations by providing state-of-the-art fibre services that
                                                                  leverage our superior network capacity. We’ve also
Diversity & Inclusion Recognition                                 focused on newly developed residential and commercial
This year, we proudly received an Inclusion & Diversity           buildings to ensure fibre service is available upon
Companion Award from the Dialogue in the Dark (HK)                occupancy.
Foundation, recognising HKBN’s impactful work in
fostering inclusiveness. Moving forward, we remain                As part of our infrastructure strategy, we’re accelerating
committed to breaking barriers, championing equity, and           network deployment across Hong Kong’s rural areas,
creating more opportunities for all members of our                focusing first on villages near our existing fibre coverage.
communities.                                                      During the reporting period, our fibre network extended
                                                                  to an additional 20,114 homes, including 1,214 in rural
                                                                  locations.

                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   21
A Look at 1H2025

As of the end of 1H FY2025, our fibre network now reaches   Residential Solutions
approximately 2,614,060 residential homes and 8,183         When customers need assistance, they deserve fast, easy,
commercial buildings and facilities in Hong Kong.           and effective service. Our customers can seek help
                                                            through various channels, including our customer service
Network Improvements and Upgrades                           hotline, online platforms, email, and social media. We
Maintaining a world-class network requires superior         utilise online chatbots to provide instant responses to
hardware and software. Recognising this, we continue to     general enquiries and offer self-service tools for customer
invest in multi-platform upgrades and expansions to         convenience.
ensure reliability, operability, and scalability.
                                                            During the reporting period, we achieved an average
During the reporting period, we undertook the following     answer rate of 82% across our enquiry channels (hotline,
network enhancement initiatives:                            online, and email).

•    Continued investment in hardware and software          Speed applies not only to our internet services but also to
     upgrades across multiple platforms to ensure           installation and maintenance. With adequate manpower,
     operational reliability, seamless scalability, and     we ensure that customers can schedule installation
     optimal performance                                    appointments within three calendar days.

•    Upgraded our end-of-support Nokia GPON to the          During the reporting period, the average lead time from
     latest platform for higher service reliability         receiving a customer request to completing the installation
                                                            was 1.14 days, with 99% of maintenance appointments
•    Enhanced our service distribution network to 100GE,    arranged within two calendar days.
     with 400GE readiness, optimising bandwidth
     efficiency and minimising congestion to elevate user   Enterprise Solutions
     experiences                                            In addition to our customer service hotline and online
                                                            platforms, our dedicated managers and account-serving
Excellence in Every Customer Interaction                    relationship executives are assigned to serve each
Each customer touchpoint shapes our brand perception.       Enterprise Solutions customer.
With a focused effort to enhance the customer journey,
we’re committed to improving our self-service support.      Enterprise customers can reach us through various
Across Residential Solutions and Enterprise Solutions, we   channels, including customer service hotline, online
continuously roll out upgrades to enhance customer          platforms, email, and more. During the reporting period,
engagement. By harnessing digital breakthroughs, we         we achieved an average answer rate of 92% for our
streamline the customer experience, making interactions     customer service hotline.
with HKBN smoother and smarter.




                Residential Solutions                                       Enterprise Solutions

      Availability of                 Availability of             Availability of              Availability of
      Core Network                   Access Network               Core Network                Access Network

       100%                     99.9947%                           100%                  99.99985%

22   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                         A Look at 1H2025

Listening to Customers                                           including Hong Kong’s Trade Descriptions Ordinance. All
As a leading industry player, we built our success on            customer-facing materials undergo thorough review and
listening to our customers and improving through their           approval by our legal and senior management before use.
feedback. The following highlights the ways we gather
practical feedback for our Residential Solutions and             We invest heavily in training our frontline teams, equipping
Enterprise Solutions businesses.                                 them with the latest best practices in sales, marketing, and
                                                                 ethics. New sales employees undergo mandatory training
Residential Solutions                                            on the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Trade Descriptions
After each interaction with our customer service team,           Ordinance, and Code of Practices on Marketing Calls.
customers are invited to rate their satisfaction on a score      Regular refreshers and quality enhancement programmes
of 1 to 6. If a score of 2 or below is given, our team leaders   help maintain a uniform standard of excellence across all
will reach out to understand and improve the experience.         our customer-facing teams.
During the reporting period, the average satisfaction score
across our customer service channels, comprising our             Data Privacy
customer service hotline, online platform, and email, was        We prioritise the protection of our customers’ data. As
5.82 out of 6.                                                   cyber threats become more sophisticated, we’ve
                                                                 continued to strengthen our security measures, integrating
Additionally, we conduct satisfaction surveys with new           industry-leading data protection across our operations to
customers and follow-up surveys the day after installations      uphold trust with our stakeholders.
or maintenance. During the reporting period, our new
broadband customers rated their satisfaction at 4.66 out of      Strengthening our Information Security Capabilities
6, while installation and maintenance services received a        Empowering employees with robust security awareness is
score of 5.71 out of 6. Customers visiting our HKBN retail       essential to safeguarding our operations from
locations rated their in-store experience 5.2 out of 6. For      cyberattacks. All new frontline employees undergo
scores of 3 or below, our team will follow up with the           mandatory training on the Personal Data (Privacy)
customer.                                                        Ordinance, reinforcing the importance of adherence to
                                                                 our internal policies, procedures, and compliance
Besides surveys, we’ve implemented quality enhancement           guidelines.
programmes, such as mystery shopper and promoter
booth assessments, to evaluate the performance of our            Our Information Security team regularly engages all
direct sales teams. During the reporting period, our             employees with resources, including emails on smartphone
mystery shopper assessment and promoter booth                    vulnerabilities, security best practices, and news articles on
assessment scores were respectively at 76.9 and 92.4 out         recent cyberattacks.
of 100.
                                                                 During the reporting period, we further strengthened our
Enterprise Solutions                                             defences by conducting surprise phishing assessments to
To better understand customer expectations, we conduct           enhance our vigilance against external threats.
monthly surveys to gather feedback on our products and
services. During the reporting period, the average               Our commitment extends beyond our workforce. We
satisfaction score received was 4.9 out of 6.                    promote a culture of security by sharing awareness training
                                                                 with contractors and suppliers. Additionally, we organised
After customer service calls, we invite customers to rate        free cybersecurity workshops for social profit organisations
their experience. During the reporting period, we received       (SPOs) and delivered volunteer-led sessions to educate
an average call satisfaction score of 5.5 out of 6.              youths and the elderly — strengthening resilience across
                                                                 our broader community.
Selling Responsibly
We’re committed to fairness, transparency, and
compliance in all sales and marketing activities. Strict
policies and procedures ensure that our marketing
materials adhere to the relevant laws and regulations,



                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   23
A Look at 1H2025

Climate Action                                                  Smarter Fleet Management
Building a sustainable future is a defining challenge of our    Our Network Operations team is developing a next-
time. Thankfully, we’re pursuing smarter ways to minimise       generation field management application for mileage
our environmental impact, and, whenever feasible, partner       tracking and fleet optimisation. This tool will sync with our
with our employees, customers, business partners, and           Operations Incident Map, enabling AI-driven insights to
communities to make a collective difference.                    streamline vehicle deployment, reduce fuel consumption,
                                                                and lower carbon emissions — increasing operational
                                                                efficiency without compromising service-level agreement
                                                                performance. A field trial is planned for the second half of
     Sustainability-Linked Loan                                 FY25.
     During the interim period, HKBN secured a
     landmark $6.75 billion Sustainability-Linked Loan          Greener Workplace
     with a consortium of 11 leading international,             To create a leaner, greener workplace, we’ve rolled out
     regional and local banks. This innovative facility         strategic initiatives to enhance office efficiency. In February
     features a greenshoe option for future expansion,          2025, we revamped our Shanghai office and Guangzhou
     and ties interest rate savings to achieving                warehouse, targeting a 30% reduction in their annual
     environmental and cybersecurity KPIs. The KPIs             electricity consumption. Following renovations in our Hong
     include reducing Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions,              Kong office, we donated excess furniture to local
     aligned with Science-Based Targets initiative              communities and launched a “Take Home” programme,
     validation, and improving cybersecurity by lowering        encouraging employees to give second-hand items a new
     phishing assessment failure rates. Meeting these           life. These efforts optimise resources, minimise waste, and
     targets triggers lower borrowing costs through an          divert usable materials from landfills, reinforcing our
     interest rate incentive adjustment mechanism,              sustainability goals.
     driving our Group’s financial agility and ESG
     excellence.




Aurabeat Pilot Project
This year, we teamed up with Aurabeat, a cutting-edge
solution provider, to pilot a transformative technology
aimed at increasing energy efficiency in our existing chiller
systems. Slated as a Proof of Concept by the end of Q2
2025, successful results will lead to a phased rollout across
our office premises and data centres — further advancing
our sustainability performance.




24   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                      A Look at 1H2025

Giving Uniforms a Second Life                                 Community Empowerment
To minimise waste, we diverted 600 outdated padded coat       As a leader in technology and telecommunications, HKBN
uniforms from landfills by donating them to local             is committed to narrowing the digital divide in our
communities. By transforming unused uniforms into practical   communities. We’re breaking down barriers through
warmth for those in need, this initiative not only prevents   digital literacy initiatives, cyber wellness education, and
textile waste but also creates meaningful social value.       accessible connectivity solutions — because everyone
                                                              deserves equal opportunity in our digital world.

                                                              Digital Inclusion and Community Care
                                                              In January 2025, our volunteer team returned to Caritas
                                                              Community Centre — Ngau Tau Kok to celebrate the Lunar
                                                              New Year with joy and purpose. We connected with elderly
                                                              participants through a session of crafting panda-shaped
                                                              tangyuan (sweet glutinous rice balls), then hosted a
                                                              cybersecurity workshop to share practical online safety tips.




Biodiversity Training: Nature Conservation in Business
In February 2025, we hosted WWF-Hong Kong for an
inspiring session with our team and suppliers that
reshaped our perspective on nature conservation in
business. This experience highlighted Hong Kong’s
biodiversity, encouraging participants to integrate
conservation principles into daily operations, and creating
environmental value through everyday business decisions.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   25
A Look at 1H2025

SPO Digital Transformation Survey                            Suppliers & Partners
Recognising that many nonprofits struggle with               At HKBN, we believe business sustainability starts with
technological changes, our HKBN SPO IT Club partnered        strong supply chain management. By building enduring,
with The Social Investment Consultancy to assess the         trust-driven relationships with global and local partners,
digital readiness of ten Hong Kong SPOs. The findings        and prioritising long-term collaboration, we’re driving
revealed some significant challenges: 80% rated their        smarter, fairer practices that aim to enhance our supply
digitalisation at 60% or below, with only one IT staff       chain’s efficiency and resilience.
member supporting every 200 employees. Additionally,
80% reported insufficient funding for digital initiatives.   Supply Chain: Latest Enhancements
                                                             As a responsible business committed to supply chain
These insights will shape HKBN SPO IT Club’s support         sustainability, we took concrete steps during the reporting
strategy, focusing on:                                       period to enhance our supplier engagements. We revised
                                                             our ESG questionnaire to encompass critical climate risk
•    Tailoring our free consultation services to address     areas, such as carbon footprint tracking and decarbonisation
     specific pain points                                    strategies.

•    Developing targeted digital solutions for common
                                                             Since November 2024, our Procurement team has
     challenges
                                                             mandated all tender bidders to complete an ESG initiative
•    Making AI tools more accessible for the SPO sector      questionnaire. Building on this foundation, we introduced
                                                             a carbon footprint tracking questionnaire in February 2025
By aligning our offerings with these real needs, we can      for our selected high emission suppliers, enabling more
better assist SPOs in modernising their operations and       comprehensive climate risk assessments.
focusing resources on their core missions.
                                                             This enhancement evaluates three critical areas: carbon
                                                             footprint disclosure, decarbonisation roadmaps, and low-
                                                             carbon product offerings — allowing us to make informed
                                                             decisions for a more sustainable supply chain.




      “We recognise that SPOs face challenges with staffing and resource constraints, which is why we
      recommend a phased approach to digitalisation. A practical starting point is financial systems, as
      most organisational data is ultimately tied to finance. Additionally, in this era of rapid development in
      artificial intelligence, HKBN can provide a range of best-fit solutions to make AI accessible and
      affordable for the social welfare sector. By integrating these technologies into their operations, SPOs
      can significantly enhance efficiency, and streamline data management, allowing them to focus on
      expanding and improving their services for the communities.”

      Jackal Chau
      Senior Vice President — Solutions and Service Delivery, Enterprise Solutions




26   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                              Review Report




Review report to the board of directors of HKBN Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 28 to 54 which comprises the consolidated statement of
financial position of HKBN Ltd. (the “Company”) as of 28 February 2025 and the related consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated cash flow statement for the six months period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report
to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial
reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of the interim financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.

Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Scope of review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in
scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 28
February 2025 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim
financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

25 April 2025




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   27
Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                     Six months ended
                                                                                                 28 February    29 February
                                                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                                         Note          $’000          $’000
Revenue                                                                                     3     5,734,269       5,809,091

Other net income/(loss)                                                                   4(a)        5,801              (393)

Network costs and costs of sales                                                                  (3,719,688)     (3,794,321)

Other operating expenses                                                                  4(b)    (1,541,292)     (1,605,712)

Finance costs                                                                             4(d)     (366,024)       (400,712)

Share of losses of joint ventures                                                                          –             (165)
Profit before taxation                                                                      4       113,066             7,788

Income tax expense                                                                          5         (5,506)           (6,254)
Profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
  of the Company                                                                                    107,560             1,534
Earnings per share                                                                          6

Basic                                                                                              8.2 cents       0.1 cents
Diluted                                                                                            7.3 cents       0.1 cents




The notes on pages 35 to 54 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividend payable to equity shareholders
of the Company are set out in note 13(b).



28      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                            For the six months ended 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                              28 February          29 February
                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                    $’000                $’000
Profit for the period                                                                              107,560                1,534

Other comprehensive income for the period
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
     subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                                            (11,716)              4,739
   Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                                      –                 106
Other comprehensive income for the period                                                           (11,716)              4,845
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                                95,844                6,379




The notes on pages 35 to 54 form part of this interim financial report.



                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025     29
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                   At           At
                                                                          28 February    31 August
                                                                                 2025         2024
                                                                   Note         $’000        $’000
Non-current assets

Goodwill                                                                   7,816,507      7,816,507
Intangible assets                                                          2,168,717      2,367,621
Property, plant and equipment                                         7    3,098,970      3,132,945
Right-of-use assets                                                   8      560,009        628,457
Customer acquisition and retention costs                                     453,188        464,954
Deferred tax assets                                                          153,392        137,853
Other non-current assets                                                      58,928         56,023
                                                                          14,309,711     14,604,360
Current assets

Inventories                                                                  110,029        106,197
Trade receivables                                                     9    1,049,478        969,297
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                           9      532,246        516,316
Contract assets                                                              291,794        255,073
Amounts due from joint ventures                                                  209            183
Cash and cash equivalents                                            10    1,077,969      1,217,406
                                                                           3,061,725      3,064,472
Current liabilities

Trade payables                                                       11    1,113,887       945,879
Other payables and accrued charges — current portion                 11      996,650       950,361
Contract liabilities — current portion                                       523,718       606,612
Deposits received                                                             99,686        99,178
Amounts due to joint ventures                                                 17,306        14,877
Bank and other borrowings                                            12    5,452,877       272,601
Lease liabilities — current portion                                          134,233       145,580
Tax payable                                                                   71,757       159,662
Other current liabilities                                                      3,661        10,588
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                     5,126        29,990
                                                                           8,418,901      3,235,328
Net current liabilities                                                    (5,357,176)     (170,856)
Total assets less current liabilities                                      8,952,535     14,433,504




30   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                At 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                                     At                   At
                                                                                            28 February            31 August
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                 Note             $’000                $’000
Non-current liabilities

Contract liabilities — long-term portion                                                         169,900             177,301
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         539,590             593,204
Lease liabilities — long-term portion                                                            291,981             348,542
Provision for reinstatement costs                                                                 54,031              55,191
Bank and other borrowings                                                           12         5,490,947          10,705,002
                                                                                               6,546,449          11,879,240
NET ASSETS                                                                                     2,406,086            2,554,264
CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                                13

Share capital                                                                                        132                  132
Reserves                                                                                       2,405,954            2,554,132
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                   2,406,086            2,554,264




The notes on pages 35 to 54 form part of this interim financial report.



                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025     31
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                Retained
                                                                                   Vendor                                         profits/
                                                                      Share    Loan Notes           Capital           Other (Accumulated          Exchange
                                                                     capital     (note 14)          reserve         reserve           loss)         reserve       Total
                                                              Note    $’000          $’000            $’000           $’000         $’000             $’000       $’000
Balance at 1 September 2023                                             132      2,349,204           40,803         596,420          96,428         (31,905)   3,051,082
Changes in equity for the six months ended
  29 February 2024:

Profit for the period                                                     –             –                 –               –           1,534               –        1,534
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
  of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                  –             –                 –               –               –           4,739       4,739
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                         –             –                 –               –               –             106         106
Total comprehensive income                                                –             –                 –               –           1,534           4,845        6,379
Dividend approved to equity shareholders of the Company
  in respect of the previous year                                         –             –                 –               –        (262,320)              –     (262,320)
Distribution to holders of Vendor Loan Notes                              –             –                 –               –         (33,464)              –      (33,464)
Balance at 29 February 2024                                             132      2,349,204           40,803         596,420        (197,822)        (27,060)   2,761,677
Balance at 1 March 2024                                                 132      2,349,204           40,803         596,420        (197,822)        (27,060)   2,761,677
Changes in equity for the six months
  ended 31 August 2024:

Profit for the period                                                     –             –                 –               –           8,743               –       8,743
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
  of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, with nil tax effect                  –             –                 –               –               –           5,683       5,683
Total comprehensive income                                                –             –                 –               –           8,743           5,683      14,426
Dividend declared to equity shareholders of the Company
  in respect of the current year                                          –             –                 –               –        (196,740)              –     (196,740)
Distribution to holders of Vendor Loan Notes                              –             –                 –               –         (25,099)              –      (25,099)
Balance at 31 August 2024                                               132      2,349,204           40,803         596,420        (410,918)        (21,377)   2,554,264




32      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                     For the six months ended 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                        Vendor
                                                             Share Loan Notes        Capital         Other Accumulated       Exchange
                                                            capital   (note 14)      reserve       reserve         loss        reserve          Total
                                                   Note      $’000       $’000         $’000         $’000       $’000           $’000          $’000
Balance at 1 September 2024                                    132   2,349,204        40,803      596,420       (410,918)         (21,377)   2,554,264

Changes in equity for the six months ended
  28 February 2025:

Profit for the period                                            –            –            –             –       107,560                –     107,560
Exchange differences on translation of financial
  statements of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong,
  with nil tax effect                                            –            –            –             –              –         (11,716)     (11,716)
Total comprehensive income                                       –            –            –             –       107,560          (11,716)     95,844
Dividend approved to equity shareholders of
  the Company in respect of the previous year                    –            –            –             –      (216,414)               –     (216,414)
Distribution to holders of Vendor Loan Notes                     –            –            –             –       (27,608)               –      (27,608)
Balance at 28 February 2025                                    132   2,349,204        40,803      596,420       (547,380)         (33,093)   2,406,086




The notes on pages 35 to 54 form part of this interim financial report.



                                                                                                             HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025          33
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the six months ended 28 February 2025 — unaudited (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                         28 February     29 February
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                               $’000           $’000
Operating activities

Cash generated from operations                                                            1,015,863        1,006,841
Tax paid:
  — Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                             (156,930)        (207,768)
  — Tax paid outside Hong Kong                                                                (5,673)          (4,783)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                853,260         794,290
Investing activities

Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (238,513)        (195,923)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                           1,376              219
Net cash outflow in respect of deemed disposal of subsidiary                                      –             (312)
Interest received                                                                             4,296            5,832
Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (232,841)        (190,184)
Financing activities

Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                        (79,343)         (79,959)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                       (12,260)         (11,545)
Proceeds from bank loans                                                                    206,860          216,527
Proceeds from other borrowings                                                                  6,536               –
Repayment of bank loans                                                                    (247,074)        (253,809)
Repayment of other borrowings                                                                (19,789)         (15,519)
Repayment of other financial liabilities                                                       (7,021)         (7,021)
Interest paid on bank and other borrowings and interest-rate swap                          (360,629)        (367,976)
Dividend paid to equity shareholders of the Company                                        (216,414)        (262,320)
Distribution to holders of Vendor Loan Notes                                                 (27,608)         (33,464)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                      (756,742)        (815,086)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (136,323)        (210,980)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  1,217,406        1,016,769

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                       (3,114)           (1,346)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        1,077,969         804,443




The notes on pages 35 to 54 form part of this interim financial report.



34   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1   Basis of preparation

    This interim financial report of HKBN Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) has been
    prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard
    (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
    (“HKICPA”). It was authorised for issue on 25 April 2025.

    The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the
    annual financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024, except for the accounting policy
    changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2025 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in
    accounting policies are set out in note 2.

    The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to make
    judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and
    liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
    The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
    in financial position and performance of the Group since the annual financial statements for the year ended 31
    August 2024. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the
    information required for full set of financial statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards (“HKFRSs”).

    The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard
    on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
    entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on page 27.

    Going concern assumption
    As at 28 February 2025, the current liabilities of the Group exceeded their current assets by approximately $5,357
    million. Included in the current liabilities were (i) current portion of bank loan of $5,235 million that was originally
    due on 24 November 2025 and the Group completed the refinancing of this bank loan on 18 March 2025; (ii) current
    portion of contract liabilities of $524 million recognised under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard (“HKFRS”)
    15 which will be gradually reduced through performance obligations being satisfied over the contract terms and (iii)
    current portion of lease liabilities of $134 million recognised under HKFRS 16 relating to leases with a lease term of
    more than 12 months and with a corresponding asset recorded in the non-current assets as right-of-use assets.
    Management of the Group anticipates the net cash inflows from their operations, together with the ability to draw
    down from available bank loan facilities, would be sufficient to enable the Group to meet their liabilities as and
    when they fall due. Accordingly, this unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information has been
    prepared on a going concern basis.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      35
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2     Changes in accounting policies

      The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements
      for the current accounting period:

      •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements — Classification of liabilities as current or non-
            current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements — Non-
            current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

      •     Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases — Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

      •     Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures — Supplier
            finance arrangements

      The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
      period. Impacts of the adoption of the amendments to HKFRSs are discussed below:

      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements (the 2020 and 2022 amendments, collectively
      the “HKAS 1 amendments”)
      The HKAS 1 amendments impact the classification of a liability as current or non-current, and have been applied
      retrospectively as a package.

      The 2020 amendments primarily clarify the classification of a liability that can be settled in its own equity
      instruments. If the terms of a liability could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer
      of the entity’s own equity instruments and that conversion option is accounted for separately from the liability as an
      equity instrument, these terms do not affect the classification of the liability as current or non-current. Otherwise,
      the transfer of equity instruments would constitute settlement of the liability and impact classification.

      The 2022 amendments specify that conditions with which an entity must comply after the reporting date do not
      affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. However, the entity is required to disclose information
      about non-current liabilities subject to such conditions.

      The amendments have no effect on the Group’s financial statements.




36   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                       Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2   Changes in accounting policies (Continued)

    Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases — Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
    The amendments clarify how an entity accounts for a sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction. The
    amendments require the seller-lessee to apply the general requirements for subsequent accounting of the lease
    liability in such a way that it does not recognise any gain or loss relating to the right of use it retains. A seller-lessee
    is required to apply the amendments retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date
    of initial application. The amendments have no impact on these financial statements as the Group applied the
    same accounting requirements for its sale and leaseback transactions.

    Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures —
    Supplier finance arrangements
    The amendments introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of supplier finance
    arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Since those
    disclosures are not required for any interim period presented within the annual reporting period in which the
    amendments are initially applied, the Group has not made additional disclosures in this interim financial report.

3   Revenue and segment reporting

    The principal activities of the Group are (i) provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international
    telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii) system
    integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and software,
    telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.

    (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
          Revenue represents revenue from (i) fixed telecommunications network services, international
          telecommunications services and mobile services to residential and enterprise customers in Hong Kong, (ii)
          system integration services, (iii) product sales and (iv) marketing and distribution of computer hardware and
          software, telecommunication products, office automation products and the provision of related services.




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      37
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (a)   Disaggregation of revenue (continued)
            Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major categories is as follows:

                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                        28 February       29 February
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                              $’000             $’000
            Disaggregated by major products or service lines:
            Fixed telecommunications network services                                     2,321,022          2,296,180
            International telecommunications services                                       590,071            427,437
            Other services                                                                  155,168            179,252
            Fees from provision of telecommunications services                            3,066,261          2,902,869
            Product revenue                                                               2,019,167          2,317,164
            Technology solution and consultancy services                                    648,841            589,058
            Revenue from contracts with customers within
              the scope of HKFRS 15                                                       5,734,269          5,809,091


                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                        28 February       29 February
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                              $’000             $’000
            Disaggregated by major categories:
            Residential Solutions revenue                                                 1,165,568          1,181,509
            Enterprise Solutions revenue                                                  2,549,534          2,310,418
            Enterprise Solutions related product revenue                                    892,191            951,692
            Handset and other product revenue                                             1,126,976          1,365,472
                                                                                          5,734,269          5,809,091
            Disaggregated by geographical location of customers:
            Hong Kong                                                                     5,213,624          5,267,918
            Mainland China                                                                  277,202            296,010
            Other territories                                                               243,443            245,163
                                                                                          5,734,269          5,809,091


            During the periods ended 28 February 2025 and 29 February 2024, product revenue is recognised at a point
            in time and revenue from the provision of telecommunications services is substantially recognised over time.

            One customer of the Group contributed 19.0% of the Group’s total revenue for the six months ended 28
            February 2025 (six months ended 29 February 2024: 22.5%).

            Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition is disclosed in
            note 3(b).




38   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                        Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting
          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the interim financial report, are
          identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
          various lines of business and geographical locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
          which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

          The Group’s most senior executive management reviews the Group’s internal reporting for the purposes of
          assessing the performance and allocates the resources of the Group by geographical location. In a manner
          consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented
          the following two reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following
          reportable segments.

          (i)     Telecom and technology solutions (Hong Kong)
                  Include provision of fixed telecommunications network services, international telecommunications
                  services, mobile services to residential and enterprise customers and technology-related services in
                  Hong Kong.

          (ii)    Telecom and technology solutions (non-Hong Kong)
                  Include the provision of telecommunications and technology solutions and consultancy services in
                  mainland China and Macao.

          (iii)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                  The Group’s senior executive management monitors the results performance attributable to each
                  reportable segment on the following basis:

                  The segment revenue of the Group is based on geographical location of customers. Income and
                  expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated by those
                  segments and expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arisen from the depreciation or
                  amortisation of assets attributable to those segments. The inter-segment transactions are conducted on
                  normal commercial terms and are priced with reference to prevailing market prices and in the ordinary
                  course of business.

                  The performance measure used for reporting segment profit is earnings before finance costs, interest
                  income, income tax, depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets (net of direct cost incurred) and
                  amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs.




                                                                                         HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      39
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

      (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
            (iii) Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)
                  In addition to receiving segment information concerning the reportable segment profit, management is
                  provided with segment information concerning inter-segment sales, interest income and expense from
                  cash balances and borrowings managed directly by the segments, depreciation, amortisation, capital
                  expenditures and income tax.

                  Inter-segment sales are priced with reference to prices charged to external parties for similar orders.

                  Segment assets and liabilities of the Group are not reported to the Group’s chief operating decision
                  makers regularly. As a result, reportable assets and liabilities have not been presented in the financial
                  statements.

                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition, as well as
                  information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior
                  executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
                  performance for the period is set out below.

                                                     Telecom and technology         Telecom and technology
                                                      solutions (Hong Kong)        solutions (non-Hong Kong)                Total
                                                    28 February    29 February     28 February     29 February    28 February       29 February
                  For the six months ended                 2025           2024           2025             2024           2025              2024
                                                          $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000          $’000             $’000
                  Reportable segment revenue         5,229,561       5,295,394        639,487          690,044     5,869,048          5,985,438
                  Inter-segment revenue                 (15,937)        (27,476)     (118,842)        (148,871)     (134,779)          (176,347)
                  Revenue from external customers    5,213,624       5,267,918        520,645          541,173     5,734,269          5,809,091

                  Disaggregated by timing
                     of revenue recognition

                  Point in time                      1,604,198       1,870,080        414,969          447,084     2,019,167          2,317,164
                  Over time                          3,609,426       3,397,838        105,676           94,089     3,715,102          3,491,927
                  Revenue from external customers    5,213,624       5,267,918        520,645          541,173     5,734,269          5,809,091
                  Reportable segment profit          1,169,223       1,118,208         36,899           29,249     1,206,122          1,147,457


                  The performance measure used for reporting segment profit is earnings before finance costs, interest
                  income, income tax, depreciation, amortisation of intangibles assets (net of direct cost incurred) and
                  amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs.




40   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                       Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (iv) Reconciliations between segment profit derived from Group’s external customers and
               consolidated profit before taxation for the period

                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                             28 February           29 February
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                   $’000                 $’000
                Reportable segment profit derived from Group’s
                   external customers                                                           1,206,122            1,147,457
                Finance costs                                                                    (366,024)            (400,712)
                Interest income                                                                     4,296                5,832
                Depreciation                                                                     (411,210)            (423,891)
                Amortisation of intangible assets                                                (177,859)            (185,771)
                Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs                         (142,259)            (135,127)
                Consolidated profit before taxation                                               113,066                 7,788


4   Profit before taxation

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                                                   Six months ended
                                                                                             28 February           29 February
                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                   $’000                 $’000
    (a)   Other net (income)/loss

          Interest income                                                                           (4,296)              (5,832)
          Net foreign exchange loss                                                                  2,788                4,269
          Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                                      (887)                (113)
          Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets, net                                                  (77)                  –
          Loss on disposal of subsidiary                                                                  –               3,715
          Other income                                                                              (3,329)              (1,646)
                                                                                                    (5,801)                 393




                                                                                            HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      41
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4     Profit before taxation (continued)

                                                                                                                    Six months ended
                                                                                                                28 February    29 February
                                                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                                                      $’000          $’000
      (b)    Other operating expenses

             Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                     16,132             12,812
             Depreciation
               — Property, plant and equipment                                                                     331,200         339,958
               — Right-of-use assets                                                                                79,936          83,590
             Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets                                 27,618          41,830
             Staff costs (note 4(c))                                                                               491,095         554,067
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                     177,859         185,771
             Amortisation of customer acquisition and retention costs                                              142,259         135,127
             Others                                                                                                275,193         252,557
                — Office rental and utilities                                                                       30,713             24,996
                — Site expenses                                                                                     43,655             46,377
                — Bank handling charges                                                                             17,661             18,945
                — Maintenance                                                                                       32,319             46,945
                — Subscription and license fees                                                                     51,157             55,089
                — Legal and professional fees                                                                       41,058             13,810
                — Printing, telecommunication and logistics expenses                                                18,092             18,547
                — Others                                                                                            40,538             27,848
                                                                                                                 1,541,292       1,605,712

      #
            Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.




42   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                        Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4   Profit before taxation (continued)

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                         28 February           29 February
                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                               $’000                 $’000
    (c)   Staff costs

          Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                  670,893              749,770
          Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                                56,845               51,821
                                                                                              727,738               801,591
          Less: Staff costs capitalised as property, plant and equipment                       (40,896)              (23,951)
              Staff costs capitalised in customer acquisition and retention costs              (89,797)              (96,921)
              Staff costs included in network costs and cost of sales                        (105,950)             (126,652)
                                                                                              491,095              554,067


    Staff costs include all compensation and benefits paid to and accrued for all individuals employed by the Group,
    including directors.

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                         28 February           29 February
                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                               $’000                 $’000
    (d)   Finance costs

          Interest and finance charges on bank loans                                          382,501              414,628
          Interest on other borrowings                                                             515                1,358
          Fair value gain on the interest-rate swap                                            (29,347)             (27,098)
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                         12,260               11,545
          Interest on other liabilities                                                             95                  279
                                                                                              366,024              400,712


    (e)   Other items

          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                   198,899              206,811
          Depreciation:
            — Property, plant and equipment                                                   331,200              339,958
            — Right-of-use assets                                                              80,010               83,933
          Rental charges on telecommunications facilities and computer equipment              249,526              234,241
          Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets                 3,965                6,320
          Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets               27,618               41,830
          Cost of inventories                                                               1,938,433            2,295,926
          Inventory written down                                                                4,060                    –




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      43
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



5     Income tax expense

                                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                           28 February         29 February
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                                 $’000               $’000
      Current tax — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                       (69,500)            (95,715)
      Current tax — Outside Hong Kong                                                             (5,205)             (5,029)
      Deferred tax                                                                               69,199              94,490
                                                                                                  (5,506)            (6,254)


      The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate of 16.5%
      to the six months ended 28 February 2025 (six months ended 29 February 2024: 16.5%), except for one subsidiary of
      the Group which is a qualifying corporation under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

      For this subsidiary, the first $2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits
      are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in
      2024.

      Taxation for subsidiaries outside Hong Kong is similarly calculated using the annual effective rates of taxation that
      are expected to be applicable in the relevant countries.

6     Earnings per share

      (a)   Basic earnings per share
            The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
            of the Company of $107,560,000 (six months ended 29 February 2024: $1,534,000) and the weighted average
            number of ordinary shares in issue calculated as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                           28 February         29 February
                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                                  ’000                ’000
            Issued ordinary shares at 1 September                                             1,311,599          1,311,599
            Less: unvested shares held for the Co-Ownership Plan II RSUs                           (760)              (760)
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year               1,310,839          1,310,839




44   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                      Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



6   Earnings per share (continued)

    (b)   Diluted earnings per share
          During the period ended 28 February 2025, the calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit
          attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of $107,560,000 (six months ended 29 February
          2024: $1,534,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for the Co-
          Ownership Plan II after adjusting for the dilutive effect of the Company’s Co-Ownership Plan II and the
          Vendor Loan Notes, calculated as follows:

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                         28 February           29 February
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                ’000                  ’000
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares less shares held
            for the Co-Ownership Plan II                                                    1,310,839            1,310,839
          Add: effect of Vendor Loan Notes                                                    167,322              167,322
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                              1,478,161            1,478,161


7   Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         28 February            31 August
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
    Opening net book value                                                                  3,132,945            3,418,992

    Exchange adjustments                                                                         (318)                  312
    Additions                                                                                 298,046               391,003
    Disposals (net carrying amount)                                                              (503)                 (615)
    Depreciation charges for the period/year                                                 (331,200)             (676,389)
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        –                  (358)
    Closing net book value                                                                  3,098,970            3,132,945




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      45
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



8     Right-of-use assets

                                                                                                   At                 At
                                                                                          28 February          31 August
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                $’000              $’000
      Opening net book value                                                                  628,457            689,568

      Exchange adjustments                                                                        (281)                 314
      Additions                                                                                 12,418            116,705
      Modification                                                                                  (76)           (10,703)
      Disposals (net carrying amount)                                                             (499)              (2,988)
      Depreciation charges for the period/year                                                 (80,010)          (164,439)
      Closing net book value                                                                  560,009            628,457


      During the six months ended 28 February 2025, the Group entered into a number of lease agreements for use of
      shop and office of $12,418,000 (six months ended 29 February 2024: $8,207,000).

9     Trade receivables and other receivables, deposits and prepayments

      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net
      of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                   At                 At
                                                                                          28 February          31 August
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                $’000              $’000
      Within 30 days                                                                          414,841            404,816
      31 to 60 days                                                                           267,894            263,951
      61 to 90 days                                                                           127,242            109,524
      Over 90 days                                                                            239,501            191,006
      Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                              1,049,478            969,297
      Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                             532,246            516,316
                                                                                            1,581,724          1,485,613


      The majority of the Group’s trade receivables are due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Subscribers with
      receivable that are more than 3 months overdue are requested to settle all outstanding balances before further
      credit is granted.

      All of the other receivables, deposits and prepayments are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense
      within one year.




46   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



10 Cash and cash equivalents

   Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position and condensed consolidated cash
   flow statement comprise:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         28 February            31 August
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
   Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                        1,077,969            1,217,406


11 Trade payables, other payables and accrued charges

   As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as
   follows:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         28 February            31 August
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
   Within 30 days                                                                             812,025              449,928
   31 to 60 days                                                                              117,559              140,924
   61 to 90 days                                                                               65,161              122,060
   Over 90 days                                                                               119,142              232,967
                                                                                            1,113,887              945,879
   Trade payables                                                                           1,113,887              945,879
   Other payables and accrued charges
   — Current portion                                                                          996,650              950,361
                                                                                            2,110,537            1,896,240


12 Bank and other borrowings

   (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of bank and other borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                  At                   At
                                                                                         28 February            31 August
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                               $’000                $’000
         Bank borrowings
           — unsecured                                                                    10,920,286            10,940,812

         Other borrowings
          — secured                                                                            23,538                36,791
                                                                                          10,943,824            10,977,603
         Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                       (5,452,877)            (272,601)
                                                                                            5,490,947           10,705,002




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      47
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
      (b)   As at 28 February 2025, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                   At                 At
                                                                                          28 February          31 August
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                $’000              $’000
            Bank borrowings (unsecured)
            Within 1 year on demand                                                          5,442,174           247,074
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                                  5,478,112        10,693,738
                                                                                           10,920,286         10,940,812
            Other borrowings (secured)
            Within 1 year on demand                                                             10,703             25,527
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                                      7,640              6,503
            After 2 years but within 5 years                                                     5,195              4,761
                                                                                                23,538             36,791
            Bank and other borrowings                                                      10,943,824         10,977,603
            Amounts due within one year included in current liabilities                     (5,452,877)         (272,601)
                                                                                             5,490,947        10,705,002

            (i)    On 13 November 2020, the Group entered into term loan facility of $5,500,000,000 in aggregate with
                   various banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with a principal amount of $5,000,000,000 and
                   $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 23 November 2020 and
                   22 February 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross guarantee arrangement
                   issued by the Company, Metropolitan Light Company Limited (“MLCL”), Hong Kong Broadband
                   Network Group Limited (“HKBNGL”), Hong Kong Broadband Network Limited (“HKBN”), HKBN
                   Enterprise Solutions Development Limited (“HKBNESDL”), HKBN Enterprise Solutions Cayman
                   Corporation (“HKBNESCC”), HKBN Enterprise Solutions HK Limited (“HKBNESHKL”) and COL Limited,
                   and repayable in full upon maturity on 24 November 2025. The loan interest rate was renewed to HIBOR
                   plus a margin of 2.20% per annum from 31 December 2024. The outstanding amount of this term loan
                   facility principal was $5,250,000,000 at 28 February 2025. The Group completed the refinancing of this
                   loan on 18 March 2025. On 17 April 2025, the Group drawn down the Incremental Facility of this bank
                   loan in an amount of $1,500,000,000 for the prepayment of the bank loan refer to (ii) below.

            (ii)   On 31 March 2021, the Group entered into a term loan facility of $5,500,000,000 in aggregate with
                   various international banks. The Group has drawn down a bank loan with principal amount of
                   $5,000,000,000 and $500,000,000 at HIBOR plus a margin 1.50% per annum payable monthly on 9 April
                   2021 and 24 May 2021 respectively. The loan was unsecured and covered by a cross guarantee
                   arrangement issued by the Company, MLCL, HKBNGL, HKBN, HKBNESDL, HKBNESCC, HKBNESHKL
                   and Col Limited, and repayable in full upon maturity on 9 April 2026. The loan interest rate was renewed
                   to HIBOR plus a margin of 2.20% per annum from 31 December 2024. The outstanding amount of this
                   term loan facility principal was $5,500,000,000 at 28 February 2025.




48   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                        Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

   (b)   As at 28 February 2025, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows: (continued)
         (iii) On 9 December 2021, HKBN entered into master buyer agreement for supply chain financing from a
               bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $126,755,000 was utilised as of 28 February 2025. The
               bank charges a handling fee based on the amount of supplier’s invoices applied. The facility was
               unsecured and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The extended credit term
               ranged from 30 to 180 days from the date of utilisation.

         (iv)    On 11 April 2022, HKBN entered into an import invoice financing agreement for supply chain financing
                 from a bank in Hong Kong. An aggregate amount of $80,105,000 was utilised as of 28 February 2025.
                 The bank charges at HIBOR plus a margin of 1.15% of supplier’s invoices applied. The facility was
                 unsecured and covered by a guarantee arrangement issued by the Company. The agreement grants up
                 to 120 days of payment term from the date of utilisation.

         (v)     The bank loans mentioned in note (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are recognised initially at fair value less attributable
                 transactions costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the bank loans are stated at amortised cost with
                 any difference between the amount initially recognised and interest payable using the effective interest
                 method.

                 The bank loans mentioned in note (i) and (ii) above are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
                 certain balance sheet ratios of the Group. As at 28 February 2025 and 31 August 2024, the Group
                 complied with all of the covenants relating to bank loans.

                 To calculate the effective interest in each reporting period, the effective interest rate is applied to the
                 amortised cost of the bank loan at the end of the previous reporting period.

                 The effective interest rate of the bank borrowings as of 28 February 2025 is 5.43% per annum (2024:
                 5.53%).

         (vi)    The Group entered into sale and leaseback arrangement contracts with third-party leasing companies,
                 with contract terms of three years. The substance of the arrangement was that the lessors provide
                 finance to the Group with the assets as security. The Group accounted for the assets in its consolidated
                 statement of financial position. The sales proceeds are recorded as other borrowings in the
                 consolidated statement of financial position. As at 28 February 2025 the aggregate book value of the
                 assets was $2,152,000 (2024: $5,289,000) and the balance of other borrowings amounting to $443,000
                 (2024: $586,000) was recorded as a current liability and $267,000 (2024: $491,000) was recorded as a non-
                 current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. The effective interest rate
                 of the other loans is 4.12% p.a. (2024: 0% to 4.70% p.a.).

         (vii)   The Group entered into financing arrangement contracts with third-party company, with contract terms
                 of three years and four months. The Group has obtained an other loan with principal amount of
                 $100,160,000 at effective interest rate of 6% per annum. The loan was secured by assets of the Group
                 amounting to $44,379,000 (2024: 56,806,000). The Group shall repay the interest and principal of the
                 loan in 40 monthly instalments. As at 28 February 2025, the balance of other borrowings amounting to
                 $3,139,000 (2024: $19,219,000) was recorded as a current liability on the Group’s consolidated statement
                 of financial position.




                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      49
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12 Bank and other borrowings (continued)

      (b)   As at 28 February 2025, the bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows: (continued)
            (viii) The Group entered into financing arrangement contracts with third-party company, with contract terms
                   of three years to five years. The Group has obtained other loans with aggregate principal amount of
                   $24,461,000 (2024: $17,925,000) at effective interest rate 4.61% (2024: 4.74%) per annum. The loan was
                   secured by assets of the Group amounting to $19,406,000 (2024: $17,803,000). As at 28 February 2025,
                   the balance of other borrowings amounting to $7,121,000 (2024: $5,722,000) was recorded as a current
                   liability and $12,568,000 (2024: $10,773,000) was recorded as a non-current liability on the Group’s
                   consolidated statement of financial position.

13 Capital, reserves and dividends

      (a)   Share capital
            As at 28 February 2025, 3,800,000,000 ordinary shares, with par value of $0.1 cent each, were authorised for
            issue. As at 28 February 2025, the Company had 1,311,599,356 (29 February 2024: 1,311,599,356) ordinary
            shares in issue.

      (b)   Dividends
            (i)  Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the interim period

                                                                                                                 Six months ended
                                                                                                           28 February             29 February
                                                                                                                  2025                    2024
                                                                                                                 $’000                   $’000
                  Interim dividend declared after the interim period of 15.5 cents per
                     ordinary share (six months ended 29 February 2024: 15 cents per
                     ordinary share) (Note)                                                                      229,233                196,740

                  Note: The amount of 2025 proposed interim dividend is based on the 1,478,921,568 (2024: 1,311,599,356) ordinary shares in issue as
                        at the date of this interim report.


                  The proposed interim dividend declared has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the
                  reporting period.




50   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

   (b)   Dividends (continued)
         (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
              year, approved and paid during the interim period

                                                                                              Six months ended
                                                                                        28 February           29 February
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                              $’000                 $’000
              Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
                and paid during the following interim period, of 16.5 cents per
                ordinary share (six months ended 29 February 2024: 20 cents per
                ordinary share)                                                              216,414              262,320


   (c)   Other reserve
         The entire issued share capital of MLCL was transferred to the Company in consideration for an issue of the
         Company’s share to Metropolitan Light Holdings Limited on 17 February 2015 (the “Share Transfer”). Upon
         completion of the Share Transfer, the Company became the holding company of the Group, and the
         combined share capital and share premium prior to the Share Transfer, amounting to $8,000 and
         $1,757,197,000 respectively, were eliminated against the investment in MLCL with a carrying amount of
         $1,160,785,000. The remaining balance of $596,420,000 was recorded in the other reserve.

   (d)   Equity-settled share-based transactions
         The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
         The Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to incentivise
         Participants to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022–2024 financial years of the Group. Due
         to macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated by geopolitics and rising
         interest rates, the Company has changed the company-wide performance targets from being based on
         adjusted free cash flow to focusing on earnings and revenue. Accordingly, the Company considered it
         appropriate to extend the performance targets to cover the 2023–2025 financial years of the Company and
         better align the incentives of its staff to the Company’s overall performance targets. The Amended and
         Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV became effective on 11 May 2023 (the “Commencement Date”).

         The total maximum number of Shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the Amended
         and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 Shares (being approximately 2.50% of the Shares in Issue
         (on a fully diluted and as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the Company approving the
         amendments and restatements of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (as may be adjusted in
         the event of a subdivision or consolidation of the Shares). Since the Commencement Date and up to 28
         February 2025, a total of 16,679,892 award shares have been granted under the Amended and Restated Co-
         Ownership Plan IV. During the six months ended 28 February 2025, 475,338 RSUs had been cancelled. Since
         the commencement date and up to 28 February 2025, a total of 4,758,592 RSUs had been cancelled and the
         number of award shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated
         Co-Ownership Plan IV would be 11,921,300 shares. The total number of shares available for underlying future
         grant of RSUs under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 25,051,739 shares, representing
         approximately 1.91% of the total number of issued shares as at the report date.

         The directors estimated the fair value of the RSU at the service periods commencing date to be $0.


                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      51
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



14 Vendor Loan Notes

      On 30 April 2019, the Company issued the Vendor Loan Notes with a nominal amount of $1,940,937,656 as part of
      the consideration of the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of WTT Holding Corp (the “WTT Acquisition”).
      The Vendor Loan Notes are zero coupon convertible notes which may be converted into new ordinary shares to be
      issued by the Company at the initial conversion price of $11.60 per share pursuant to the terms and conditions of
      the Vendor Loan Notes. The Vendor Loan Notes have no maturity date and the holders of the Vendor Loan Notes
      have the right to receive an amount equal to any dividends made by the Company on an as-converted basis.
      Therefore, the Vendor Loan Notes are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated
      statement of financial position.

      Following receipt of a notice of conversion of Vendor Loan Notes from Twin Holding Ltd (“Twin Holding”) and TPG
      Wireman, L.P. (“TPG”) respectively, all of the Vendor Loan Notes held by Twin Holding and TPG with a total
      principal amount of $970,468,828 each had been converted into 83,661,106 shares (based on the conversion price
      of $11.60 per share) on each case pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Vendor Loan Notes and the issuance
      and allotment of the conversion shares by the Company to Twin Holding and TPG were completed on 14 March
      2025 and 22 April 2025 respectively.

15 Fair value measurement of financial instruments

      (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
            (i)  Fair value hierarchy
                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of
                 the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
                 in HKFRS 13. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to
                 the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                  —      Level 1 valuations:     Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices
                                                 in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                  —      Level 2 valuations:     Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                                 meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                                 inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

                  —      Level 3 valuations:     Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs




52   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                       Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)

   (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
         (i)  Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                                                      Fair value at                  Fair value measurement
                                                      28 February            as at 28 February 2025 categorised into
                                                              2025             Level 1           Level 2            Level 3
                                                             $’000               $’000             $’000             $’000
                Recurring fair value measurement

                Financial liabilities:
                Derivative financial instrument:
                  — Interest-rate swap                      (5,126)                  –              (5,126)                   –


                                                      Fair value at                   Fair value measurement
                                                        31 August              as at 31 August 2024 categorised into
                                                               2024            Level 1             Level 2           Level 3
                                                              $’000              $’000               $’000            $’000
                Recurring fair value measurement

                Financial liabilities:
                Derivative financial instrument:
                  — Interest rate-swap                     (29,990)                  –              (29,990)                  –


                During the six months ended 28 February 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: $Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

         (ii)   Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurement
                The fair values of interest-rate swap and currency forward are the estimated amounts that the Group
                would receive or pay to terminate the derivative instruments at the end of the reporting period, taking
                into account current interest rates, currency rates and the current creditworthiness of the derivative
                instruments counterparties.

   (b)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not materially
         different from their fair values as at 28 February 2025 and 31 August 2024.




                                                                                           HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025      53
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



16 Capital commitments outstanding not provided for in the interim financial report

      (a)   Capital commitments outstanding at 28 February 2025 not provided for in the interim financial report
            At 28 February 2025, the Group had the following capital commitments:

                                                                                               At               At
                                                                                      28 February        31 August
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                            $’000            $’000
            Contracted but not provided for
            Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                     178,918           207,179


17 Contingent liabilities

                                                                                               At               At
                                                                                      28 February        31 August
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                            $’000            $’000
      Bank guarantee in lieu of payment of utility deposits                                 3,622             3,622
      Bank guarantee in lieu of performance guarantee                                     291,875           293,847
                                                                                          295,497           297,469


      At 28 February 2025 and 31 August 2024, the directors did not consider it is probable that a claim will be made
      against the Group under any guarantees. It has therefore not been recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

18 Material related party transactions

      Key management personnel remuneration
      Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the directors of the
      Company, is as follows:

                                                                                          Six months ended
                                                                                      28 February       29 February
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                            $’000             $’000
      Short-term employee benefits                                                         22,672            33,294
      Post-employment benefits                                                              1,534             1,826
                                                                                           24,206            35,120




54   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                          Other Information

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests

As at 28 February 2025, the Directors and chief executives of the Company had the following interests and short positions
in the shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives), and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the “Securities and Futures Ordinance” (the
“SFO”)) which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they
were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO to be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein; or (c) were otherwise required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers” (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules:

Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                                         interests in
                                                                                                               Approximate            issued shares
                                                                                                              percentage of         and underlying
                                                                                                               issued shares             shares held
                                                                                                                  held to the            to the total
                                                                                                                 total issued          issued share
                                                                                                             share capital of              capital of
                                                                                           Interests in        the Company            the Company
                                                                      Number            issued shares                    as at                  as at
                                                                     of issued        and underlying             28 February            28 February
  Director                                       Note              shares held            shares held                    2025                  2025
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                              (a)               29,717,212             32,477,997                  2.27%                  2.48%

Note:

(a)   Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG held a total of 32,477,997 interests in the Company, including (i) 29,717,212 shares in the Company (in which 2,760,785 shares
      were held by the plan trustee under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV) and (ii) 2,760,785 restricted share units which were granted to
      him under the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.


Other than the interests disclosed above, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to
equity derivatives) or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 28 February 2025.




                                                                                                               HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025        55
Other Information

Substantial Shareholders’ Interests

As at 28 February 2025, so far as is known to the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the following persons
(other than any Directors or chief executives of the Company) were substantial shareholders, representing 5% or more of
the issued share capital of the Company, who had interests in shares and underlying shares of the Company (in respect
of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives) which were required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:

Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                                                                                                    interests in
                                                                                                                                                     Approximate                 issued shares
                                                                                                                                                    percentage of              and underlying
                                                                                                                                                     issued shares                  shares held
                                                                                                                                                        held to the                 to the total
                                                                                                                                                       total issued               issued share
                                                                                                                                                   share capital of                   capital of
                                                                                                                            Interests in             the Company                 the Company
                                                                                               Number                    issued shares                         as at                       as at
                                                                                              of issued                and underlying                  28 February                 28 February
                      Shareholder                                      Note                 shares held                    shares held                         2025                       2025

GIC Private Limited
                      Canada Pension Plan Investment Board       (b)
                                                                        (a)    91,913,760
                                                                                            182,405,000   91,913,760
                                                                                                                           182,405,000     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                            13.91%     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                                                        13.91%

GIC Private Limited
                      GIC Private Limited                        (b)
                                                                        (b)    91,913,760
                                                                                             91,913,760   91,913,760
                                                                                                                            91,913,760     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                             7.01%     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                                                         7.01%

GIC Private Limited
                      TPG GP A, LLC                              (b)
                                                                        (c)    91,913,760
                                                                                            144,966,345   91,913,760
                                                                                                                           228,627,451     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                            11.05%     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                                                        17.43%

GIC Private Limited
                      Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM                    (b)
                                                                        (d)    91,913,760
                                                                                            144,966,345   91,913,760
                                                                                                                           228,627,451     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                            11.05%     7.01%
                                                                                                                                                                                        17.43%
                      Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN                            (d)                 144,966,345                    228,627,451                      11.05%                      17.43%

Notes:

(a)                      Canada Pension Plan Investment Board held 182,405,000 shares in the Company.

(b)                      GIC Private Limited held 91,913,760 shares in the Company.

(c)                      TPG GP A, LLC (through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by it, namely TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, LLC, TPG Group Holdings
                         (SBS), L.P., TPG Inc., TPG GPCo, LLC, TPG Holdings II-A, LLC, TPG Operating Group II, L.P., TPG Holdings I-A, LLC, TPG Operating Group I, L.P., TPG
                         Asia GenPar VI Advisors, Inc., TPG Asia GenPar VI, L.P., TPG Asia VI SPV GP, LLC and TPG Wireman, L.P.) was interested in the 144,966,345 issued
                         shares and 83,661,106 underlying shares (attributable to convertible instruments) directly held by TPG Wireman, L.P.

(d)                      Each of Mr. Michael ByungJu KIM (through corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK GP III, Inc., MBK Partners GP III, L.P.,
                         MBK Partners Fund III, L.P., MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd) and Mr. Bryan Byungsuk MIN (through
                         corporations directly and indirectly controlled by him, namely MBK Partners JC GP, Inc., MBK Partners JC GP, L.P., MBK Partners JC, L.P., Twin
                         Holding Ltd and Twin Telecommunication Ltd) was interested in the 144,966,345 issued shares and 83,661,106 underlying shares (attributable to
                         convertible instruments) directly held by Twin Holding Ltd.


Other than the interests disclosed above, the Company was not notified of any other relevant interests or short positions
in the shares or underlying shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives) of the Company as at 28
February 2025.




56                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                    Other Information

Restricted Share Unit Schemes

To attract, retain and motivate skilled and experienced staff, the Company adopted four Co-Ownership plans since its
listing, namely Co-Ownership Plan II (naturally expired in March 2025), Co-Ownership Plan III (was terminated and
replaced by Co-Ownership Plan III Plus), Co-Ownership Plan III Plus (naturally expired in October 2023) and Co-
Ownership Plan IV (was amended and replaced by the amended and restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended and
Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV”) on 11 May 2023).

During the six months ended 28 February 2025, Co-Ownership Plan II and the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership
Plan IV were the existing restricted share unit (“RSU”) schemes held by the Company.

Co-Ownership Plan II
The Co-Ownership Plan II was adopted by the Company in 2015 as an incentive arrangement to attract, retain and
motivate skilled and experienced staff for the development of the Group. The restricted share units RSUs are acquired by
the independent trustee at the cost of the Company and are held by the trustee until the end of each vesting period. The
shares will be transferred to the participants upon vesting. The Co-Ownership Plan II naturally expired in March 2025.

Purpose
The purpose of the Co-Ownership Plan II was to attract skilled and experienced staff, to incentivise them to remain with
the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them
with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long-term holders of the
Company’s shares.

Participant
The Board may, at its discretion, invite any Director, director of subsidiaries of the Group or staff who the Board
considers, have contributed or will contribute to the Group to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II. An eligible staff
would receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person would become a
participant upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Co-Ownership Plan II (the “CO2 Participants”).

Administration
The Co-Ownership Plan II was subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance with the scheme
rules and the trust deed.

Remaining life
The Co-Ownership Plan II was valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 12 March 2015 (the “Listing
Date”) and expired in March 2025.




                                                                                        HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   57
Other Information

Total number of shares available for issue
(i)   The total number of shares that may underlie the RSUs granted pursuant to the Co-Ownership Plan II shall be (i)
      10% of the shares in issue on the Listing Date or (ii) 10% or less of the shares in issue as at the date following the
      date of approval of the renewed limit (as the case may be).

        In order to enable the Co-Ownership Plan II trustee to release shares to the CO2 Participants upon vesting of each
        RSU, the Company allotted and issued, on the Listing Date, by way of capitalisation issue 5,666,666 shares to the
        Co-Ownership Plan II trustee. Such shares represented approximately 0.43% of the total issued share capital of the
        Company as at 28 February 2025. The Co-Ownership Plan II trustee would hold such shares on trust until their
        release to the CO2 Participants upon vesting of the RSUs and the termination of the scheme.

(ii)    Since the commencement date of the Co-Ownership Plan II, a total of 5,251,862 award shares had been granted
        under the Co-Ownership Plan II.

(iii)   As the Co-Ownership Plan II expired in March 2025, no shares would be available for issue under this plan.

Maximum entitlement
The Co-Ownership Plan II had a matching ratio of 7:3 (i.e. 3 RSUs would be granted for every 7 purchased shares). The
maximum investment amount is limited to one year of the annual compensation package of each CO2 Participant.

Time of exercising RSU
Not applicable.

Vesting period and condition
The CO2 Participants shall be entitled to receive the awarded shares vested in him/her in accordance with the vesting
schedule and the vesting conditions specified by the Board. The vesting schedule would be 25%-25%-50% upon each
anniversary over 3 years after the date of grant.

Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs did not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights
(the award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) were attached
to the RSUs. No grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Co-
Ownership Plan II, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU had been allotted
and issued to the grantee.




58      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                          Other Information

Movement of RSU
No RSUs were granted, cancelled, forfeited, vested and lapsed, and accordingly, no new shares were allotted and issued
during the six months ended 28 February 2025.

As the Co-Ownership Plan II expired in March 2025, no shares would be available for issue under this plan.

The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV
The Co-Ownership Plan IV was originally adopted on 19 August 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) to incentivise participating
staff to achieve a cumulative performance target over the 2022–2024 financial years of the Company. Due to
macroeconomic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and exacerbated by geopolitics and rising interest rates,
the Company changed the company-wide performance targets from being based on adjusted free cash flow to focusing
on earnings and revenue. Accordingly, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV in 2023.
The commencement date of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was on 11 May 2023. Details of the
scheme are contained in the circular of the Company dated 6 April 2023.

Purpose
The purposes of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV are to (i) incentivise skilled and experienced staff to
remain with the Group and to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group in the post
COVID-19 time in order to create value for the shareholders, by providing them with a co-investment opportunity to
acquire equity interests in the Company, while encouraging them to be long term holders of the Shares; and (ii) adjust
the basis upon which award shares will be granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV by reference
to the changing business environment and circumstances of the Company and the changing performance targets of the
Company.

Participant
The eligible staff who are entitled to participate in the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV include: (i) staff who
were participants of the Co-Ownership Plan IV, (ii) any Executive Director, (iii) any staff of the Company or any member of
the Group that is of point 3 grade (supervisory level or equivalent) or above and who has not given a notice of resignation
to any member of the Group or who has not been given a notice of termination of employment by any member of the
Group, and (iv) any individual who the Company reasonably contemplates would fall within class (iii) (provided that his/
her participation is conditional upon him/her falling within class (iii) during the relevant invitation period). An eligible staff
will receive an invitation from the Board during the relevant invitation period, and such person will become a participant
upon the acceptance of an invitation to participate in the Amended and Restated Co- Ownership Plan IV (the “Amended
CO4 Participants”).




                                                                                              HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025    59
Other Information

Administration
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in
accordance with the scheme rules and the trust deed.

Remaining life
The Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV shall be valid and effective for the period commencing on the
commencement date and expiring on the date falling 5 years from the Adoption Date or such earlier date as it is
terminated in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV.

Total number of shares available for issue
(i)   The total maximum number of shares that may underlie the RSUs to be granted pursuant to the Amended and
      Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 36,973,039 shares (being approximately 2.50% of the shares in Issue (on a fully
      diluted and as-converted basis) on the day of the general meeting of the Company approving the amendments
      and restatements of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (as may be adjusted in the event of a
      subdivision or consolidation of the shares) (the “CO4 Scheme Mandate Limit”).

(ii)    Since the commencement date and up to 28 February 2025, a total of 16,679,892 RSUs (entitling the grantees (the
        “Grantee”) to receive 16,679,892 award shares) have been granted under the Amended and Restated Co-
        Ownership Plan IV.

(iii)   During the six months ended 28 February 2025, 475,338 RSUs had been cancelled. Since the commencement date
        and up to 28 February 2025, a total of 4,758,592 RSUs had been cancelled and the number of award shares that
        may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be
        11,921,300 shares. The total number of shares available for underlying future grant of RSUs under the Amended
        and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV is 25,051,739 shares, representing approximately 1.91% of the total number of
        issued shares as at 28 February 2025.

Maximum entitlement
The maximum entitlement for the award shares is determined on a 1:1 basis. One share purchased for an Amended CO4
Participant will entitle him/her to one RSU and one RSU will potentially entitle a Grantee to receive one award share
under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (assuming that all of the vesting conditions are satisfied).

The total investment amount of an eligible staff comprising of (i) the total investment value of his/her rollover shares
(determined according to the average closing price per share based on the daily closing prices of the shares as quoted
on the Stock Exchange for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the commencement date) together with (ii)
the new investment amount which such eligible staff will pay for making purchases of additional shares under the
Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV (in each case, if any), must in aggregate be: (A) equal to or exceed one-
sixth (1/6th) of the annual remuneration package of such eligible staff; and (B) not more than two times of the annual
remuneration package of such eligible staff.

Time of exercising RSU
Not applicable.




60      HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                        Other Information

Vesting date and condition
On the basis that the shares purchased for and on behalf of the Grantees under the Amended and Restated Co-
Ownership Plan IV are continued to be held by the plan trustee until a vesting date, vesting of RSUs granted to each
Grantee should occur on each of the following vesting dates upon the satisfaction of the corresponding vesting
conditions:

                                                                                         Portion of an RSU
 Vesting Date                             Vesting Condition                              Becoming Vested
 The date which is 12 months from         (1)   EBITDA for 2023 financial year is not    0.15 (or 15%)
 the date of grant after the first              less than HK$2,615,000,000; and
 invitation period
                                          (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year is not more than
                                                $550,000,000
 The date within 10 business days         (1)   EBITDA for 2024 financial year is not    0.35 (or 35%)
 from the date of publication of the            less than $2,746,000,000; and
 Company’s annual results for 2024
 financial year                           (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year and 2024 financial
                                                year in aggregate is not more than
                                                $1,100,000,000
 The date within 10 business days         (1)   EBITDA for 2025 financial year           A = 0.5 x (B–$2,801,000,000)/C
 from the date of publication of the            represents not less than
 Company’s annual results for 2025              $2,801,000,000 (being a compound         A — the portion of an RSU
 financial year                                 annual growth rate of approximately      becoming vested
                                                3.5% from the EBITDA target of
                                                $2,615,000,000 for 2023 financial        B — actual EBITDA for 2025
                                                year); and                               financial year and capped at
                                                                                         $2,883,000,000
                                          (2)   capital expenditure for 2023
                                                financial year, 2024 financial year      C — equals to $82,000,000, which
                                                and 2025 financial year in aggregate     is the difference of $2,883,000,000
                                                is not more than $1,650,000,000          and $2,801,000,000


Consideration on acceptance of RSU
No consideration.

Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable.

Voting, dividend, transfer and other rights
The RSUs do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, or any dividend, transfer or other rights (the
award shares underlying the RSUs granted including those arising on the winding-up of the Company) is attached to the
RSUs. No Grantee shall enjoy any of the rights of a shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV, unless and until the legal and beneficial title of the award share underlying the RSU
have been allotted and issued to the Grantee.




                                                                                          HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   61
Other Information

Movement of RSU
Details of the movements of the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV during the six
months ended 28 February 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                            Overview of RSUs

                                                                                                                                                            Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                            of number
                                                                                                                                                            of RSUs as
                                                                                                                                                              % to the
                                                                                                                                                          issued share     Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                             capital of    of number
                                                                      Unvested                 Cancelled/                                     Unvested    the Company      of RSUs as
                                                                          as at     Granted     forfeited          Vested         Lapsed          as at          as at       % to the
                                                                   1 September       during       during            during        during    28 February    28 February    CO4 Scheme
 Participant                         Date of grant     Granted           2024     the period   the period       the period     the period         2025           2025 Mandate Limit

 Five highest paid individuals

     Chu Kwong YEUNG,
   Executive Director                30 August 2023    2,760,785      2,760,785           0            0                0              0      2,760,785         0.21%          7.47%

     Four highest paid individuals   30 August 2023     641,731        641,731            0            0                0              0        641,731         0.05%          1.74%

 Directors of the Company’s
     subsidiaries                    30 August 2023    1,607,810      1,607,810           0       212,000               0              0      1,395,810         0.11%          3.78%

 Other Participants                  30 August 2023    7,386,312      7,386,312           0       263,338               0              0      7,122,974         0.54%         19.27%

 Total                                                12,396,638     12,396,638           0       475,338               0              0     11,921,300         0.91%         32.26%


The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the RSUs were granted on 30
August 2023 under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was $4 per share.

The fair value of the RSUs granted on 30 August 2023 under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was $0 at
the date of grant. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on a binomial lattice model, taking into
account the terms and conditions upon which the RSUs were granted.

During the six months ended 28 February 2025, a total of 475,338 RSUs were cancelled. No purchase price was applicable
to the cancelled RSUs and no RSUs were granted or vested.

On 1 September 2024, the number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the Amended
and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was 24,576,401 shares. On 28 February 2025, the number of award shares available
for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV was 25,051,739 shares.

Since the commencement date and up to 28 February 2025, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of the
award shares granted under the Amended and Restated Co-Ownership Plan IV would be 11,921,300 shares, representing
0.81% of the weighted average number of shares in issue as at the date of this Report.




62       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                   Other Information

Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Save as disclosed in the “Restricted Share Unit Schemes” above, at no time during the six months ended 28 February
2025 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits
by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other body
corporate.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the six months ended 28 February 2025.

Subsequent Event

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 14 March 2025 and 22 April 2025, relating to, among
other things, the issuance and allotment of conversion shares (the “Conversion Shares”) pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the vendor loan notes issued by the Company on 30 April 2019 (the “Vendor Loan Notes”).

Following receipt of a notice of conversion of Vendor Loan Notes from Twin Holding Ltd (“Twin Holding”) and TPG
Wireman, L.P. (“TPG”) respectively, all of the Vendor Loan Notes held by Twin Holding and TPG with a total principal
amount of $970,468,828 each had been converted into 83,661,106 shares (based on the conversion price of $11.60 per
share) on each case pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Vendor Loan Notes and the issuance and allotment of
the Conversion Shares by the Company to Twin Holding and TPG were completed on 14 March 2025 and 22 April 2025
respectively.

Save as disclosed above, no significant events occurred after the end of the reporting period and up to the latest
practicable date.

Interim Dividend

The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).
In determining the dividend amount, the Board will follow the Company’s dividend policy and take into account the
Group’s financial performance, investment and funding requirements, early debt repayment, prevailing economic and
market conditions, and other factors that the Board may consider relevant and appropriate. In general, the Company
targets to pay dividends in an amount of not less than 75% of the adjusted free cash flow. The Board will review the
dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to time.

Consistent with the Company’s dividend policy stated above, the Board has resolved to declare the payment of an
interim dividend of 15.5 cents (29 February 2024: 15 cents) per share for the six months ended 28 February 2025 to the
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 2 June 2025. The interim
dividend will be payable in cash on or around Tuesday, 10 June 2025.




                                                                                       HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   63
Other Information

Review of Interim Financial Information

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed with the management and the external auditor the unaudited
interim results of the Group for the six months ended 28 February 2025, the accounting principles and practices adopted
by the Group, as well as discussion on auditing, internal control, risk management and financial reporting matters of the
Group.

The unaudited interim financial report of the Group for the six months ended 28 February 2025 has been reviewed by the
Company’s external auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the HKICPA and reviewed by the
Audit Committee of the Company.

Update on Directors’ Information

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the change in information of the Directors of the Company since the
publication of the Company’s 2024 annual report and up to the latest practicable date is set out below:

Ms. Cordelia CHUNG has been appointed as the chairman of the Board, the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company with effect from 12 December 2024;
Ms. Cordelia CHUNG has been appointed as a member of the Risk Committee of the Company with effect from 22
January 2025.

Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG has been appointed as the chairman of the Risk Committee of the Company with effect
from 22 January 2025.

Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect
from 12 December 2024; Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG has been appointed as a member of the Risk Committee of the
Company with effect from 22 January 2025.

Corporate Governance

The Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in the “Corporate Governance Code” contained in
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the six months ended 28 February 2025.

Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for
dealings in securities of the Company by the Directors. Having made specific enquiries with the Directors, they confirmed
that they had complied with the Model Code throughout the six months ended 28 February 2025.

                                                                                                 By order of the Board
                                                                                                      HKBN Ltd.
                                                                                                  Cordelia CHUNG
                                                                                                       Chairman

Hong Kong, 25 April 2025




64   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
                                                                                              Corporate Information
                                                                                                        (As at the latest practicable date)


Chairman and Independent                                                       Executive Director
Non-executive Director
                                                                               Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
Ms. Cordelia CHUNG (1)
Mr. Bradley Jay HORWITZ (2)

Non-executive Directors                                                        Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Zubin Jamshed IRANI (3)(4)                                                 Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG
Ms. Shengping YU                                                               Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG
Mr. Liyang ZHANG (2)

Company Secretary                                                              Authorised Representatives

Mr. Chi Kit LEUNG (5)                                                          Mr. Chi Kit LEUNG (5)
Ms. Chung Man CHENG (6)                                                        Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG
                                                                               Ms. Chung Man CHENG (6)

Composition of Board Committees

                                                                                                     Environmental,
                                                                                                       Social and
                                                Audit               Nomination          Remuneration Governance                      Risk
  Director                                    Committee             Committee            Committee     Committee                   Committee

  Ms. Cordelia CHUNG                            Member               Chairman              Chairman                                  Member
  Mr. Chu Kwong YEUNG                                                                                             Member
  Mr. Zubin Jamshed IRANI                       Member                                      Member
  Ms. Shengping YU                                                     Member
  Ms. Ming Ming Anna CHEUNG                                                                 Member                Chairman          Chairman
  Ms. Kit Yi Kitty CHUNG                       Chairman                Member               Member                Member             Member




Notes:

(1)   Appointed as the chairman of the Board on 12 December 2024.        (4)     Appointed as a Non-executive Director on 12 December 2024.

(2)   Retired on 12 December 2024.                                       (5)     Appointed on 17 January 2025.

(3)   Appointed as an Alternate Director to Mr. Liyang Zhang from 27     (6)     Resigned on 17 January 2025.
      November 2024 to 12 December 2024.




                                                                                                                HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025   65
Corporate Information
(As at the latest practicable date)


Registered Office                                                 Branch Share Registrar and Transfer
                                                                  Office in Hong Kong
P.O. Box 309
Ugland House                                                      COMPUTERSHARE HONG KONG INVESTOR SERVICES
Grand Cayman KY1-1104                                             LIMITED
Cayman Islands                                                    Rooms 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                                  Hopewell Centre
Head Office and Principal Place of                                183 Queen’s Road East
Business in Hong Kong                                             Wanchai
                                                                  Hong Kong
19/F, Tower 1, The Quayside
77 Hoi Bun Road                                                   Principal Bankers
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong                                                         CITIBANK, N.A., HONG KONG BRANCH
                                                                  50th Floor, Champion Tower
Auditor                                                           3 Garden Road, Central
                                                                  Hong Kong
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance           STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG)
  with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance   LIMITED
8th Floor, Prince’s Building                                      3rd Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
10 Chater Road                                                    4–4A Des Voeux Road Central
Central                                                           Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                                                  Company’s Website
Principal Share Registrar and Transfer
Office in the Cayman Islands                                      www.hkbnltd.net

MAPLES FUND SERVICES (CAYMAN) LIMITED                             Stock Code
P.O. Box 1093
Boundary Hall                                                     1310
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




66   HKBN Ltd. Interim Report 2025
