Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no
representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any
part of the contents of this announcement.




                i-CABLE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED
                              (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
                                             (Stock Code: 1097)

                   FINAL RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT
                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                         (restated)

 Continuing operations
 Revenue                                                                    597,898        562,794

 Loss from operations                                                      (427,766)      (325,847)


 Loss from continuing operations                                           (547,564)      (623,380)

 Discontinued operation
 Loss from discontinued operation                                           (41,710)      (262,338)

 Loss for the year                                                         (589,274)      (885,718)

                                                                          HK cents        HK cents
 Basic loss per share                                                         (8.3)          (12.4)
 Diluted loss per share                                                       (8.3)          (12.4)

                                                                     31 December       31 December
                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000

 Total assets                                                              945,159          879,494
 Total liabilities                                                      (2,273,976)      (1,619,023)
 Total deficit                                                          (1,328,817)        (739,529)

 Net gearing ratio (Note 1)                                                   -118%          -146%



                                                   –1–
•   The year of 2023 holds great significance as the world strives to emerge from the
    impacts of the pandemic. In Hong Kong, society has fully recovered, and normal
    traveller clearance with the Mainland and the rest of the world has resumed. In
    this favorable environment, i-CABLE Communications Limited (the “Company”
    or “i-CABLE”), its subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities (collectively
    the “Group”) has also undergone a significant transformation. Following the
    surrender of the domestic pay television programme service licence (the “Pay
    TV Licence”), the Group gradually consolidated its resources and shifted its
    focus on operating free-to-air television and multimedia programmes, moving
    towards to the direction of omnimedia, while continued to enhance the
    performance of its telecommunications business.

•   The revenue from continuing operations of the Group for the year ended 31
    December 2023 increased to approximately HK$598 million from approximately
    HK$563 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Due to the increase in
    operating expenses, loss from operations from continuing operations increased
    approximately HK$102 million to approximately HK$428 million for the year
    ended 31 December 2023. After recognising the non-cash unrealised fair value
    loss on the redemption option of long-term convertible bonds recognised as
    financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) which amounted
    to approximately HK$3 million (for the year ended 31 December 2022:
    unrealised fair value loss of approximately HK$50 million), other non-operating
    items and income tax, the Group recorded a decrease in net loss from continuing
    operations to approximately HK$548 million for the year ended 31 December
    2023, representing a decrease of approximately 12%, as compared with net loss
    from continuing operations of approximately HK$623 million for the year ended
    31 December 2022.

•   Regarding the media segment, although the Group has terminated its pay
    television (“Pay TV”) operation with effect from 1 June 2023 upon the approval
    of application for the termination (the “Licence Termination”) of its Pay TV
    Licence, the revenue generated from advertising during the year ended 31
    December 2023 increased as compared to that of last year.

•   The number of broadband and telephony customers in December 2023 decreased
    to approximately 156,000 and 55,000, respectively, as compared to
    approximately 198,000 and 68,000, respectively in December 2022. Revenue
    generated from the telecommunications segment decreased by approximately
    HK$13 million from approximately HK$399 million for the year ended 31
    December 2022 to approximately HK$386 million for the year ended 31
    December 2023. Due to keen market competition, the performance of the
    telecommunications segment was inevitably affected.




                                        –2–
•    Loss of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 decreased by
     approximately HK$297 million, representing a decrease of approximately 34%,
     as compared to that of 2022. The decrease in the loss of the Group for the year
     ended 31 December 2023 was mainly attributable to, among other things, (i) the
     decrease in non-cash write-down of deferred tax assets and impairment losses on
     certain non-current assets recognised for the year ended 31 December 2023; and
     (ii) the decrease in fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL for the year
     ended 31 December 2023.
Note:

1.   Net gearing ratio represents total interest-bearing borrowings and convertible bonds less cash
     and bank balances and restricted bank balances divided by total deficit.




                                              –3–
BUSINESS REVIEW

OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

The year of 2023 marked a transformative period for both Hong Kong and the Group.
After a prudent evaluation of the market, the Group made the decision to terminate its
Pay TV operation, signifying the end of one chapter and the start of another. With effect
from 1 June 2023, the Group ceased its Pay TV operation and redirected its resources
towards the development of an omnimedia platform, allowing the Group to adapt and
cater to the shifting consumption habits of the audiences following the pandemic. In the
telecommunications industry, the operating environment has become challenging due to
factors such as evolving consumer behavior and rapid technological changes. In
response, the Group has undertaken active strategic transformations and restructuring in
recent years. By consolidating resources and improving efficiency in business
operations, the Group aims to expand its business and enhance competitiveness in the
telecommunications sector, aligning with market changes.

MEDIA

The outbreak of the pandemic has expedited the growth of online media platforms,
causing a change in audience preferences towards watching programmes and films
through online media platforms. Besides surrendering the Pay TV Licence, the Group’s
free-to-air TV broadcaster has swiftly adapted to the changing of audience habits. It has
moved away from a singular broadcasting mode and instead integrated all of its media
platforms, embracing an omnimedia model to expand its reach. In the long term, the
Group aims to augment advertising revenue across various platforms.

Following the end of the pandemic, the community gradually returned to a state of
normalcy, leading to improved business conditions in various industries, particularly the
hotel, retail, and catering sectors exhibited the signs of recovery from the pandemic.
However, the overall recovery fell short of initial optimism. This can be attributed to the
pressure of rising interest rates and stock market volatility, which dampened the
consumer sentiment. Moreover, after the pandemic, Hong Kong residents flock overseas
during extended holidays for “Revenge Travel”, and the lifting of border restrictions
between Hong Kong and the Mainland China resulted in the craze of Hong Kong
residents travelling northward in droves to spend money. These factors significantly
diminished local purchasing power. Despite advertisers have increased their advertising
and promotional budgets, they still tend to be cautious.




                                          –4–
Despite the potential challenges in the business environment, the Group remained
proactive in addressing them by leveraging its boundless creativity and strong production
capabilities to capture audience attention. For instance, in response to the craze of
“Revenge Travel” among Hong Kong residents and the surge in consumption in the
Mainland China, the Group produced a series of travel programmes. Additionally, the
Group was actively recruiting and nurturing production talents to develop more
innovative programmes that cater to diverse age groups of its audience, which aimed to
boost viewership ratings and enhance advertising revenue.

In recent years, the structure and ecology of the media market have undergone rapid
changes, from being dominated by traditional television and text media to being divided
among television, streaming media, YouTube, and other social media platforms. Both
the Group and the industry are striving to adapt to this rapid transformation. Previously,
the entertainment industry had high entry barriers and traditional television stations held
the advantage of scale. However, with the evolution of the internet and social media, the
barriers to entry in the entertainment industry have significantly reduced. For instance,
the cost of running a YouTube channel is much lower compared to that of a television
station, and it may offer stronger profitability at different cost levels. Additionally, with
fewer geographical restrictions, local media now have to directly compete with
multinational streaming media, putting greater pressure on the industry. Recognising the
need to diversify revenue sources, the Group acknowledges that relying solely on
advertising or subscription fees is no longer sustainable. As a result, the Group has
actively pursued collaborations with various types of advertisers, including government
organisation, sports groups, commercial clients and school sponsoring bodies, to increase
advertising revenue during the year ended 31 December 2023.

In the third quarter of 2023, Hong Kong’s economy exhibited continued improvement,
driven by factors such as inbound tourism and private consumption; the recovery of
major international events and exhibitions, along with government initiatives,
contributed to the gradual boost in the economy. In the preceding three quarters of 2023,
consumer expenditure experienced a continuous upsurge in response to the improved
employment rate. This resulted in increased advertising expenditure on HOY TV,
particularly in categories such as food and beverage, health and medicine, tourism, and
insurance. HOY TV self-produced television programmes, including the popular show
“Where Do Do you go” (去邊啊Do姐), generated significant market buzz and garnered
strong interest for co-sponsorships in fields such as beauty and skincare, tourism and
insurance. Other programmes such as “Macau Miko Tour” (大馬女神Miko遊澳門),
“Charlene Herbal Cuisine” (健康寧飲食), and “Dog Alchemist III” (煉狗術師III)
resonated well with the audience, leading to an increase in advertising expenditure on
retail and consumer goods.




                                           –5–
The Group secured the exclusive broadcasting rights for the “19th Asian Games
Hangzhou” (the “Asian Games”) in Hong Kong and effectively capitalised on this
opportunity to generate new revenue and established a powerful brand presence through
its professional production. A notable achievement was the establishment of a novel
collaboration model with sports associations, including e-sports, to live-stream the event
on social media platforms, attracting sponsorships from banks and technology
companies. Simultaneously, a series of tailored segments also stimulated an increase in
viewership, resulting in additional sponsorship fees and airtime sales.

However, the challenging external environment and the volatility in the local stock
market during the year ended 31 December 2023 led to an adverse effect on the local
economy, significantly impacting investor confidence. Consequently, there was a
slowdown observed in advertising from real estate, financial and related trading
platforms.

COMMITTING TO SOCIETY

Leveraging the media power and influence, the Group shouldered its own social
responsibility to bring positive energy to the society and Hong Kong citizens. The
Group’s i-CABLE News team partnered with various government departments in Hong
Kong to develop a series of promotional programmes. These programmes aimed to
enhance public awareness of the operations of different government departments, foster
a deeper understanding of the government among the public, and strengthen the
relationship between the government and the public.

•   “Everlasting Mission 2”(學無止「警」的故事2) provides an exploration of the
    diverse work of the Police Force allowing the audience to gain insights into the
    professional knowledge and skills of the Police Force.

•   “Hearts on Fire 2” (心比火熱2) delves into the various roles within the Fire Services
    Department and promotes fire prevention activities across seasons to enhance the
    fire safety awareness of the public.

•   “Spreading Warmth with SWD Services” (社署服務暖社區) presents a series of
    short stories highlighting the diverse services offered by the Social Welfare
    Department.

•   In December 2023, “National Security Knowledge Challenge”(國家安全常識挑戰
    賽) took place in schools in Hong Kong, aiming to raise students’ awareness of the
    National Security Law.




                                          –6–
Working Together to Create a New Vision in the Bay Area

In September 2023, the Group made a press release regarding its strategic partnership
with Guangdong Radio and Television Station, and launched a collaborative project
“Working Together to Create a New Vision in the Bay Area” (攜手共創灣區新視界).
The objective of this project is to jointly produce a series of dynamic and innovative TV
programmes, tap into the potential TV audience market in the Greater Bay Area, and
establish a significant milestone in the history of TV broadcasting in the Greater Bay
Area.

Nurturing New Force for the Industry

The Group, in collaboration with the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau and The Y.Elites
Association, has initiated the “Event Elite” Trainee Programme for the Asian Games.
This programme involves a team of passionate young individuals interested in the sports
and communication industry. They had joined the Group’s production team in Hangzhou
and participated in the creation and filming of a series of documentaries showcasing the
Hong Kong team’s participation in the Asian Games. These documentaries had been
broadcasted online. The “Event Elite” Trainee Programme offered internship
opportunities for young individuals who have a keen interest in pursuing a career in the
sports editing or digital media industry to explore their interests and strengths while
nurturing future leaders for the industry.

EXPANDING REACH

Over the past few years, there has been a significant shift in the entertainment
preferences of the general public. In the past, people primarily relied on traditional
media such as television, newspapers, and magazines. However, the media landscape has
now evolved to include various platforms like television, streaming services, YouTube,
and other social media. In response to these changes, the Group has taken a new
direction and redirected its focus towards the multimedia field. It has allocated its
resources to the development of free TV, digital media and wall screen advertising. This
proactive reform has resulted in the Group’s three free-to-air TV channels, namely, HOY
International Business Channel (Channel 76) (“HOY 76”), HOY TV (Channel 77)
(“HOY 77”) and HOY Infotainment (Channel 78) (“HOY 78”), as well as mobile
applications, achieving extensive coverage, reaching approximately 99% of the
population in Hong Kong. As a result, the Group is able to provide free and high-quality
TV services to a large number of viewers in Hong Kong. Additionally, the Group has
introduced a new video streaming service that offers a more flexible viewing experience
for both local and international audiences. Furthermore, the Group is actively expanding
into the Mainland China market and collaborating with TV stations in the Greater Bay
Area, which allow the Group to enrich the content of its various multimedia platforms
and strengthen its competitiveness.




                                          –7–
The Group had dedicated resources in developing digital media channels to expand the
reach and increase audience engagement. The Facebook pages operated by the Group in
total, have accumulated more than 2.5 million followers as at 31 December 2023,
representing an increase of 25% as compared to that of 2022. These Facebook pages
have reached more than 34 million users. Among them, the most popular Facebook
pages, namely HOY, HOYIBC, i-CABLE News, i-CABLE Life, and i-CABLE China,
received a total of over 9 million interactions in 2023.

MEDIA

Diversified content

The Group is committed to providing audiences with diversified and people-oriented
programme content in order to achieve the unique film and television trend of HOY TV.

Set out below are various programmes produced and outsourced by HOY TV in 2023,
including variety shows, cooking and dining, lifestyle, infotainment, health, drama
series, etc., which help to boost viewership ratings and attract TV advertising revenue
and sponsorship.

Variety shows:

Cheng Yu Ling (Do Do), a prominent figure in the show business, has debuted as a host
for a travel programme “Where Do Do you go” (去邊啊Do姐) on HOY TV. In this show,
Do Do embarked on a journey to explore hidden scenic spots in Europe and Asia
accompanied by five popular male celebrities, namely Terence Lam Ka Him, Jeffrey
Ngai Tsun Sang, Tyson Yoshi, Joey Hung Ka Ho, and Ying Chi Yuet (MrLittleCat).

The popular variety show “Undercover Travel Group 3.0” (臥底旅行團 3.0) is co-hosted
by Jiro Lee Sheung Ching, and Aiyana Lo, who disguise as ordinary tourists and join
various affordable tour groups, embarking on a journey to uncover interesting and
unique experiences. This programme has garnered significant acclaim from the audience,
achieving a highest audience rating of 4.5 points, and the show has gained substantial
viewership on YouTube, with the highest number of episodes viewed over 540,000.

This was the first time that Kenny Wong Tak Bun and Louise Wong Tan Ni teamed up
to shoot a unique travel programme “Live Offline” (四遊記) for HOY TV. In this
programme, they embarked on a journey to Shikoku in Japan, focusing on introducing
the audience to methods of relaxation and spiritual cleansing.

To complement the Group’s exclusive broadcast of the Asian Games across Hong Kong,
the Group specially produced “杭州限定旅團”, “亞運來了” and “亞運直杭” to introduce
the latest updates and preparation process of the Asian Games, as well as the attractions
and latest update of Hangzhou.



                                          –8–
Hosted by Miko Wong, a well-known internet Malaysian celebrity, “Macau Miko
Tour”(大馬女神Miko遊澳門) brings the audience to the vibrant streets and winding
alleys of Macao, where they can delve into the multifaceted characteristics of the city.

Other travel related variety shows: “Seoul Searching”(四處首羅), “Sister Travelling in
Japan” (女遊日本) and “Hot Spring Holidays” (獨家旅行團).

Dining and cooking:

Hosted by Jiro Lee Sheung Ching, “Taste of the Two Dishes” (舌尖上的雙餸飯)
ventures into two dishes rice restaurants situated across Hong Kong, Kowloon, and the
New Territories, breaking through the conventional idea of two or three dishes rice, and
offers a tantalising visual feast of two dishes rice.

Hosted by Charlene Tse, Gloria Mak Sze Man and Wong Ching Nam, “Charlene Herbal
Cuisine” (健康寧飲食) revolves around the theme of health, and promotes the concept
of “homology of medicine and food” by creating delectable and nutritious medicinal
diet.

Other dining and cooking related shows: “Theme Cook 2” (煮題COOK 2)、, “A
Hongkonger’s Guide to Old-Fashion Food” (老派美食之必要), “Cooking Martin” (馬田
煮場),“What to Cook Today Christmas” (開飯啦聖誕), “Master Chef’s Delight 2023”
(大廚精心推介2023), “Top 100 Hong Kong Cuisine” (全港開餐100強), “What to Cook
Today” (開飯啦), “Lunch Time 2” (夠鐘食晏2).

Lifestyle:

Hosted by Omi Kwong and star dog trainer Eric Ko, “Dog Alchemist III” (煉狗術師 III)
addresses behavior issues of pet dogs and providing solutions for their owners. Since its
premiere, the programme has garnered high praise and has been well-received by
numerous pet owners.

Other lifestyle related shows: “Master verse of Denim” (牛仔的多重宇宙),”Good Deal
in Japan (Kansai)” (日圓5算攻略(關西)), “Okinawa Coffee Trail” (沖繩咖啡地圖), “I’m
a racer” (我要做車手).




                                          –9–
Infotainment:

In recent years, Hong Kong has experienced a rise in fraudulent activities, the
community-centered programme “Scam Alert”(東呃西騙) revealed various social fraud
cases from a unique perspective. Hosted by Benjamin Au Yeung Wai Hoo (Ben Sir) and
Master Seven (七仙羽師傅), “Scam Alert” (東呃西騙) involved the participation of 16
artists to re-enact the “real fraud process” so as to alert the audience against swindlers.

“Far Away From Home (Taiwan)” (離鄉別井的故事台灣篇) returned for its second
season. Jessica Kan Shuk Yi guided the audience to witness and participate in the new
lives of 15 groups of Hong Kong people who have relocated to Taiwan.

Health:

Health related shows: “Health Concern Group” (健康關注組), “Health Concern Group
— Asian Game”(健康關注組亞運篇).

Drama Series:

The Group provided drama series, such as “The Legends of Monkey King” (凌雲志),
“The Ingenious One” (雲襄傳), “Lost You Forever Season I” (長相思第一季), “Jun Jiu
Ling” (君九齡), “Police Tactical Unit”(PTU機動部隊), “Agency” (廣告強人).

On the sport programmes, the Group has always supported the development of local and
international sports events and has exhibited exclusive coverage of several high-quality
sports events throughout the year. Following the surrender of the Pay TV Licence, the
Group strategically consolidated its resources and shifted its focus to the development of
free-to-air sports events, aiming to expand the Group’s content exposure in the direction
of omnimedia.

The Group has served as the official broadcaster of the Asian Games for the seventh
consecutive time. This was the first time that the Asian Games were broadcasted on a
free-to-air TV channel. This achievement generated nationwide enthusiasm and
reaffirmed Cable Sports’ leading position in the industry. In addition to the Group’s
three free-to-air TV channels, namely, HOY 76, HOY 77 and HOY 78, as well as its
social media platforms, the Group made extensive use of its newly renovated website
and mobile applications to provide comprehensive coverage of Hong Kong athletes’
events throughout the Asian Games featuring a packed schedule. The success of the
coverage led to a surge in viewership. With the exceptional performances of the Hong
Kong athletes and the comprehensive coverage by HOY TV, both on and off the field,
the ratings of HOY 77 experienced a significant increase. HOY 77 also achieved its
highest ratings since its launch, with the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Final reaching a
peak rating of over 7.6. Online viewership was equally impressive, with over 2.45
million visitors accessing the mobile application and website, resulting in a total of 36
million page views during the event period.


                                          – 10 –
During the Asian Games, the Group collaborated with various shopping malls and
organisations, resulting in 250 outdoor screens where the Asian Games programmes
could be watched. Additionally, the Group actively expanded its partnerships with sports
organisations, including collaborations with eSports organisations to broadcast the Asian
Games, which contributed to the increased advertising revenue from banking and
technology products. Overall, the popularity of the Asian Games, coupled with the
production of customised content by HOY TV, has proven successful in boosting
programme sponsorship and advertising revenue.

Furthermore, the Group secured the broadcasting rights for several international
competitions during the year ended 31 December 2023. This allowed viewers to enjoy a
wide range of exclusive world-class competitions through the Group’s free-to-air TV
channels and various digital media channels. The Group also provided professional
analysis and commentary to enhance the viewing experience. Notable international
competitions include the Hong Kong Sevens (香港國際七人欖球賽), FIVB World
Women’s Volleyball League Hong Kong 2023 (FIVB世界女排聯賽香港2023), Carabao
Cup (英格蘭聯賽盃), the German Cup (“DFB-Pokal”) (德國盃足球賽), EFL
Championship (英格蘭冠軍聯賽) , Coppa Italia (意大利盃) , Copa del Rey (西班牙盃) ,
FIBA Basketball World Cup (FIBA世界盃男子籃球賽) and FIA World Rallycross
Championship Hong Kong China — Season Finale (FIA世界場地越野車錦標賽中國香
港站年終賽). Apart from world-class sports events, the Group has been committed to
producing and delivering local sports competitions and news to viewers, including
“Loving Sports” (愛•體育) which focuses on Hong Kong sports and local athletes.

Cable TV 18 Channel (有線18台)

On 1 June 2023, Cable TV 18 Channel, one of the most popular horse racing channels in
Hong Kong, made a transition from Pay TV to a multimedia platform following the
termination of Pay TV operation. Through the collaborative efforts of various
departments of the Group, Cable TV 18 Channel was successfully migrated to the new
OTT platform “i-CABLE CH 18” (有線18寶). Throughout this transition, the platform’s
stability and the quality of its original programmes were maintained. Users simply need
to install the “i-CABLE CH 18” (有線18寶) to continue enjoying up to 14 different
forms of professional horse racing analysis programmes on a daily basis. These
programmes include “Race Card Talk” (排位拆局), “Be a Big Punter” (我要做大戶),
“Race Forecast” (賽馬預測) and “18 Betting Tower” (18烽火台). Additionally, the
mobile application “Racing GPS” (賽馬GPS) experienced a surge in downloads,
reaching a new record high. The innovation and transformation of Cable TV 18 Channel
have led to the diversification of programmes and services, aligning with the Group’s
commitment to “originality, innovation, and dedication” in its horse racing programmes.




                                         – 11 –
i-CABLE News

During the year ended 31 December 2023, i-CABLE News remained a leading source of
24-hour news, delivering uninterrupted news coverage to viewers free of charge on HOY
78. HOY 78 continued to uphold its philosophy of providing consistent and reliable
i-CABLE News. For 30 years since its establishment, i-CABLE News has established
itself as a reputable and influential news outlet, gaining recognition within the industry.

In addition to providing 24-hour news coverage, HOY 78 offers a range of infotainment
programmes. These programmes include “Inno Action” (智•創未來) which highlights
Hong Kong’s innovation industry, “Let’s Talk” (有理有得傾) which explores important
social and political issues in Hong Kong, “Our Home Our Country” (家國天下) which
focuses on national conditions and Hong Kong’s national security law and is presented
by government officials, and “World Living 2: Australia” (全世界睇住2澳洲篇) which
provides comprehensive information on overseas property and residence. Furthermore,
i-CABLE News has produced the flagship programme “City Focus” (一線搜查) which
closely follows the most relevant community current affairs topics, has been broadcasted
on HOY 77 for over 400 episodes.

Digital media

On 21 November 2022, the Group introduced hoy.tv, a comprehensive website that
offers a centralised platform for accessing the programmes content of three free-to-air
TV channels: HOY 76, HOY 77 and HOY 78. This initiative accommodates the evolving
needs of the audience.

To enhance the viewing experience for the audience and meet the high demand generated
by the broadcasting of the Asian Games events, the Group undertook a website revamp
during the year and offered a vast array of online on-demand videos, including over
1,800 episodes of TV series, entertainment shows, and informative programmes, thereby
expanding the diversity of programme content. Furthermore, in addition to news,
finance, and sports, the Group expanded its digital content presence on i-cable.com and
various social media platforms to encompass lifestyle and entertainment programmes.

To enhance the Group’s competitiveness in the multimedia platform, hoy.tv and
i-cable.com websites have implemented cloud infrastructure, resulting in improved
stability and scalability for live streaming. This upgrade ensures that audiences can
enjoy a high-quality audio-visual experience anytime and anywhere. The optimisation of
the websites and the enrichment of content have led to a consistent growth in the number
of users on the hoy.tv website. By December 2023, the monthly active users on hoy.tv
website reached 0.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.5%, and more than
0.6 million active users were recorded in the peak month of the year. However, the
number of monthly active users on the i-cable.com website declined to 0.7 million in
December 2023, representing a year-on-year decrease of 58% due to the termination of
the Pay TV service.


                                          – 12 –
On the other hand, the Group undertook a complete overhaul of the HOY Mobile App in
August 2023, to cater to viewers’ preferences for watching programmes on their mobile
devices and enable users to access exciting programmes from HOY 76, HOY 77 and
HOY 78 at anytime, as well as enjoy 24-hour live broadcasts. In addition, the HOY
Mobile App has been updated with new interface and added features such as programmes
search, my favorite collection and storage of viewing records to further enhance the
viewing experience.

By 31 December 2023, the HOY Mobile App has achieved significant growth in its user
base, with over 520,000 cumulative downloads, representing a notable increase of 2.5
times compared to the previous year; the mobile app “i-CABLE News — News, Finance,
and Lifestyle Information Platform” (有線新聞 — 新聞、財經及生活資訊平台)
experienced substantial growth in downloads throughout 2023. With over 1.3 million
downloads, there was a notable increase of 13% compared to the previous year, and the
overall number of users showed a steady upward trend.

MTR In-train TV Advertising

The Group’s “Cable News Express” (有線新聞速遞) is the sole distributor of the
advertisement and content provider for the MTR In-train TV. The coverage extends to
trains on the MTR East Rail Line, Tuen Ma Line, Kwun Tong Line, and South Island
Line. The Group delivers a range of content to passengers on MTR trains, including real-
time local and international news, financial updates, sports coverage, entertainment
news, and informative programmes. It also provides advertisers with a premium outdoor
advertising platform, enabling them to effectively convey their advertising messages to
the passengers.

Following the complete reopening of the border in March 2023, economic activities in
Hong Kong have been gradually returning to normal. Between January and December
2023, Hong Kong witnessed over 23 million inbound passengers, MTR recorded a 32%
increase in average daily patronage (Monday to Friday only) on an annualised basis for
the year. Advertisers, particularly those targeting cross-border customers, such as
healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and dental services, have resumed their advertising
spending in the MTR In-train TV. The border opening has created opportunities for
various economic activities, including but not limit to hosting international events,
conferences, and economic forums. Consequently, advertising revenue from sectors like
insurance, lending, electronic payment, and real estate has recorded an increase.

As the exclusive broadcaster of the Asian Games, “Cable News Express” took the
initiative to create tailored content and develop a range of marketing solutions to attract
advertising spending from the government and various product categories, including
electronic payment, food and beverage, health and supplements, and fast-moving
consumer goods.




                                          – 13 –
TELECOMMUNICATIONS BUSINESS

The Group’s telecommunications business has demonstrated consistent performance and
currently possesses a telecommunications network that serves over 2 million households
in Hong Kong. In addition to expanding the coverage of its primary fiber network and
enhancing the capacity of its core network to meet the demands of residential and
business markets, the Group has also undertaken the transformation of its hybrid fiber/
coaxial network into a full fiber network using advanced technologies in recent years.
Furthermore, the Group has made continuous investments in the expansion of the Gigabit
Passive Fiber Network (“GPON”) to offer high-speed Fiber-to-the-Home internet
services to an increasing number of subscribers. These efforts are aimed at ensuring that
its customers enjoy a stable and high-speed internet experience.

With the end of the pandemic and the complete revival of the tourism industry, the
Group has introduced roaming data service plans tailored for the Greater Bay Area, Asia,
and global destinations to cater to the increasing demand for such services. Additionally,
as northward consumption has gradually become a trend among Hong Kong residents,
the Group has launched a high data usage service plan to fulfill the needs of its
customers.

For the corporate services, the Group is actively exploring B2B (business-to-business)
opportunities and expanding its product portfolio. Leveraging its existing expertise and
skills, the Group is seeking new avenues to expand its business scope. This includes
venturing into the commercial broadband business, generating additional revenue
through the management of optical cabling systems and leasing spare network capacity.
Furthermore, the Group has maintained a strong strategic partnership with China Mobile
Hong Kong Limited (“CMHK”) in various areas, encompassing the network
construction, network consultation and promotion, as well as mobile communication
business. Such initiatives have not only provided a stable source of income but have also
facilitated the synergistic utilisation of network resources. In order to further increase
market share, the Group will continue to explore better and more diversified
telecommunications services while strengthening its sales channels.




                                         – 14 –
PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES FACING BY THE GROUP

The following principal risks and uncertainties are considered to be of significance and
have the potential to affect the Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial
conditions. However, they are non-exhaustive as there may be other risks and
uncertainties arising, resulting from changes in the economy and other conditions over
time.

The media segment is experiencing an intense competition in a crowded marketplace
with a super-dominant operator and changing user behaviour. The fragmentation of the
audience’s media consumption habits is increasing, with viewers choosing to watch
various types of content anytime and anywhere through new platforms and mobile
devices. The availability of a vast array of programme content on streaming platforms
and social media platform has intensified competition and reduced the necessity of
relying solely on traditional fixed platforms. As a result of these factors, the Group has
experienced weakened operating results. However, the Group remains committed to
creativity, continuing to produce programmes that reflect local characteristics,
integrating media platforms, and keeping pace with the dynamic media market. The
Group will make prudent and necessary investments in programming and infrastructure
to enhance its competitiveness.

The telecommunications segment is faced with fast-changing technology and customers
are constantly demanding for better quality and high-speed internet service. The Group’s
operations depend on its ability to innovate and upgrade its services and the successful
deployment of new technologies. The Group will continue to enhance its network and
bolstering its marketing efforts through online and telephone channels to provide
superior services to its customers. These enhancements can improve the cost efficiency
of the telecommunications business, thereby strengthening the Group’s competitiveness
and revenue growth potential.




                                         – 15 –
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

(A) Review of 2023 Results

    Revenue from continuing operations of the Group for the year ended 31 December
    2023 increased by approximately HK$35 million or 6% to approximately HK$598
    million (2022: approximately HK$563 million). Revenue from discontinued operation
    of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$118
    million as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 of approximately HK$332
    million, which represented a decrease of approximately HK$214 million or 64%.

    The total operating expenses from continuing operations of the Group increased to
    approximately HK$1,026 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 from
    approximately HK$889 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. In which,
    cost of services from continuing operations of the Group for the year ended 31
    December 2023, including programming costs, network expenses and cost of sales,
    increased by approximately HK$129 million to approximately HK$816 million
    (2022: approximately HK$687 million). Programming costs, network expenses and
    cost of sales from continuing operations increased by approximately 23%, 21% and
    7% respectively as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. Selling, general
    and administrative and other operating expenses from continuing operations of the
    Group increased by approximately 4% as compared to the year ended 31 December
    2022.

    The non-cash impairment losses in aggregate amount of approximately HK$47
    million (2022:HK$62 million), HK$20 million (2022: HK$37 million) and HK$15
    million (2022: HK$24 million) were included within programming costs, network
    expenses and selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses,
    respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2023 as a result of management’s
    assessment of the business prospect of the Group in light of the latest market
    environment.

    Loss from operations from continuing operations of the Group for the year ended 31
    December 2023 was approximately HK$428 million, representing an increase of
    approximately 31%, as compared with the loss from operations from continuing
    operations of approximately HK$326 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

    On top of the recognition of non-cash impairment losses on certain non-current
    assets mentioned above, the loss from continuing operations of the Group for the
    year ended 31 December 2023 included the recognition of fair value losses on
    financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$6 million for the year ended 31
    December 2023, as compared to the fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL
    of approximately HK$56 million recognised for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                       – 16 –
Finance costs from continuing operations of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2023 increased by approximately HK$28 million or 50% to
approximately HK$84 million (2022: approximately HK$56 million), of which
approximately HK$41 million (2022: approximately HK$39 million) was the total
interest expense on unlisted long-term convertible bonds issued in June 2019 (the
“2019 LCS”) and March 2021 (the “2021 LCS”), and approximately HK$37 million
(2022: approximately HK$13 million) was interest expenses on interest-bearing
borrowings.

After the recognition of interest income, finance costs, non-operating expenses, net
and income tax, which included the write down of deferred tax assets of
approximately HK$23 million, the Group recorded a net loss from continuing
operations of approximately HK$548 million for the year ended 31 December 2023
(2022: approximately HK$623 million), representing a decrease of net loss from
continuing operations of approximately 12%, as compared to the last year.

Loss from discontinued operation for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted
to approximately HK$42 million (2022: approximately HK$262
million), due to the termination of Pay TV operation with effect from 1 June 2023.

Loss for the year ended 31 December 2023 decreased by approximately HK$297
million, representing a decrease of approximately 34%, as compared to that of 2022.
The decrease in the loss of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was
mainly attributable to, among other things, (i) the decrease in non-cash write-down
of deferred tax assets and impairment losses on certain non-current assets recognised
for the year ended 31 December 2023; and (ii) the decrease in fair value losses on
financial assets at FVTPL for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Basic and diluted loss per share from continuing and discontinued operations for the
year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK8.3 cents (2022: approximately
HK12.4 cents). Basic and diluted loss per share from continuing operations for the
year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK7.7 cents (2022: approximately
HK8.7 cents). Basic and diluted loss per share from discontinued operation for the
year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK0.6 cents (2022: approximately
HK3.7 cents).

During the year ended 31 December 2023, included in operating expenses from
continuing operations, impairment losses of property, plant and equipment of
approximately HK$46 million, right-of-use assets of approximately HK$4 million,
programming library of approximately HK$29 million and other related intangible
assets of approximately HK$3 million, were recognised in relation to the cash-
generating unit to which the remaining assets of the Group are allocated.
Management determined the value in use of the cash-generating unit with the
assistance of an independent qualified professional valuer, which is measured using
the discounted cash flow projections. The cash flow projections are based on
financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by the board (the “Board”)
of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company. Cash flows beyond the five-year
period are extrapolated using a long term growth rate. The valuation method used
was consistent with the requirements prescribed by Hong Kong Accounting Standard
(“HKAS”) 36 “Impairment of Assets” and remained the same as that of last year.


                                     – 17 –
   The key assumptions used in the cash flow projections included forecast revenue at
   growth rates ranging from -9% to 19% (2022: -25% to 18%) and forecast operating
   expenses at rates ranging from -20% to -1% (2022: -13% to -2%) over the five-year
   period, which are determined by considering both internal and external factors
   relating to the businesses; long term growth rate of 2.5% (2022: 2.5%) which is
   consistent with the forecast of the businesses and the expected market development;
   and the pre-tax discount rate of 16.34% (2022: 17.44%) which reflects specific risks
   relating to the businesses. Changes in assumptions from previous year’s reflected
   management’s latest business plans and business prospect in light of the latest
   market environment.

(B) Segmental Information

   The principal activities of the Group comprise media and telecommunications
   operations.

   Media

   The media segment includes operations related to the television subscription
   business (terminated with effect from 1 June 2023), domestic free television
   programme service, advertising, television relay service, programme licensing,
   theatrical release and other media related businesses.

   Revenue from continuing operations derived from the media segment for the year
   e n d e d 31 D ecember 2023 inc r e a se d by a ppr oxima te ly HK$48 million to
   approximately HK$212 million (2022: approximately HK$164 million), which was
   mainly due to increased advertising revenue.

   Operating expenses from continuing operations before depreciation, amortisation of
   other intangible assets and impairment losses incurred by the media segment for the
   year ended 31 December 2023 increased to approximately HK$503 million (2022:
   approximately HK$315 million). As disclosed in “Segment Information” in Note 7
   to the consolidated financial statements in this final results announcement, the loss
   before depreciation, amortisation of other intangible assets and impairment losses
   from continuing operations of the media segment for the year ended 31 December
   2023 increased to approximately HK$291 million (2022: approximately HK$151
   million), which was mainly due to increase in operating expenses.




                                        – 18 –
The Group terminated the Pay TV operation with effect from 1 June 2023 upon the
approval of application for the Licence Termination, result to decrease in revenue
and operating expenses form discontinued operation for the year ended 31 December
2023. Revenue from discontinued operation of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2023 was approximately HK$118 million as compared with year ended
31 December 2022 of approximately HK$332 million, which represented a decrease
of approximately HK$214 million or 64% as revenue from discontinued operation
for the year ended 31 December 2022 represented full year effect. The operating
expenses from discontinued operation decreased from approximately HK$595
million for year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately HK$160 million for the
year ended 31 December 2023 which was mainly due to the recognition of non-cash
impairment losses on property, plant and equipment, programming library, other
related intangible assets and contract acquisition cost in prior year and operating
expenses from discontinued operation for the year ended 31 December 2022
represented full year effect. Loss from discontinued operation decreased by
approximately HK$220 million to approximately HK$42 million for the year ended
31 December 2023 (2022: approximately HK$262 million).

Telecommunications

The telecommunications segment includes operations related to broadband internet
access services, portal operation, telephony services, network leasing, network
construction, mobile service and mobile agency service as well as other
telecommunications related businesses.

Revenue derived from the telecommunications segment for the year ended 31
December 2023 decreased by approximately HK$13 million to approximately
HK$386 million (2022: approximately HK$399 million).

Operating expenses before depreciation, amortisation of other intangible assets and
impairment losses incurred by the telecommunications segment for the year ended
31 December 2023 increased by approximately 10% to approximately HK$291
million (2022: approximately HK$264 million). As disclosed in “Segment
Information” in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this final results
announcement, the profit before depreciation, amortisation of other intangible assets
and impairment losses from the telecommunications segment for the year ended 31
December 2023 decreased by approximately 30% to approximately HK$95 million
(2022: approximately HK$135 million), which was mainly due to the increase in
operating expenses and decrease in revenue.




                                     – 19 –
(C) Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure

    As at 31 December 2023, the Group had cash and bank balances and restricted bank
    balances of approximately HK$29 million and HK$12 million, respectively as
    compared to approximately HK$42 million and HK$17 million, respectively as at
    31 December 2022. The decrease in cash and bank balances was mainly due to the
    net cash used in operations and investing activities and offsetting with the net cash
    from financing activities. The cash and bank balances and restricted bank balances
    of the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are mainly denominated in Hong
    Kong Dollar (“HK$”). The net gearing ratio, measured in terms of the total interest-
    bearing borrowings and convertible bonds less cash and bank balances and restricted
    bank balances divided by total deficit, was a negative of approximately 118% (31
    December 2022: a negative of approximately 146%). As at 31 December 2023, the
    Group recorded total assets of approximately HK$945 million which were financed
    by total liabilities of approximately HK$2,274 million offsetting with the total
    deficit of approximately HK$1,329 million. As at 31 December 2022, the Group
    recorded total assets of approximately HK$879 million which were financed by total
    liabilities of approximately HK$1,619 million and total deficit of approximately
    HK$740 million. The increase in total deficit was attributable to the loss for the
    year.

    Consolidated net liability value of the Group as at 31 December 2023 was
    approximately HK$1,329 million, while the Group recorded a consolidated net
    liability value of approximately HK$740 million as at 31 December 2022.

    The carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ as at 31
    December 2023 was approximately HK$1,041 million (31 December 2022:
    approximately HK$591 million), in which the bank loan carries interest at variable
    rates and was repayable on demand; and the loans from Celestial Pioneer Limited (a
    company holding 72.0% of the total number of issued shares of Forever Top (Asia)
    Limited (“Forever Top”), a substantial shareholder holding 43.2% shareholding of
    the Company, and is wholly-owned by Dr. Cheng Kar Shun, Henry (“Dr. Cheng”),
    the Director) carry interest at fixed rates ranging from 2.5% to 6% per annum and
    with a term of three years from the date of respective loan agreements. As at 31
    December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group has utilised all committed
    borrowing facilities.




                                         – 20 –
The 2019 LCS

On 4 June 2019, the issuance of the 2019 LCS with the principal amount of HK$568
million by the Company to Forever Top, the controlling shareholder of the Company
was completed. The 2019 LCS would be convertible into 4,544,000,000 new
ordinary shares of the Company (the “Share(s)”) upon full conversion of the 2019
LCS based on the initial conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) of HK$0.125 per
conversion share and the coupon rate of the 2019 LCS is 2.0% per annum and
payable quarterly. Details of the 2019 LCS are set out in the announcements of the
Company dated 25 January 2019 and 4 June 2019 and the circular of the Company
dated 8 April 2019 (the “2019 Circular”). During the year ended 31 December 2023,
there had not been any conversion of the 2019 LCS.

The carrying amount of liability component of the 2019 LCS denominated in HK$
as at 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$426 million (31 December 2022:
approximately HK$405 million). Details of the 2019 LCS were set out in
“Convertible Bonds” in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in this final
results announcement.

The net proceeds raised from the issuance of the 2019 LCS have all been utilised as
at 31 December 2020 according to the intended use of proceeds as disclosed in the
2019 Circular.

The 2021 LCS

On 31 March 2021, the issuance of the 2021 LCS with the principal amount of
HK$200 million by the Company to Forever Top was completed. The 2021 LCS
would be convertible into 2,941,176,470 new Shares upon full conversion of the
2021 LCS based on the initial conversion price of HK$0.068 per conversion share
and the coupon rate of the 2021 LCS is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The
Company may at any time on or after the date of issue of the 2021 LCS by giving
not less than 10 business days’ written notice to the holder(s) of the 2021 LCS to
redeem all or part of the 2021 LCS at the outstanding principal amount of the 2021
LCS together with all accrued but unpaid interest. Details of the 2021 LCS are set
out in the announcements of the Company dated 27 January 2021 and 31 March
2021 and the circular of the Company dated 2 March 2021 (the “2021 Circular”).
During the year ended 31 December 2023, there had not been any conversion or
redemption of the 2021 LCS.

The carrying amount liability component and redemption option of the 2021 LCS
denominated in HK$ as at 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$146 million
(31 December 2022: approximately HK$141 million) and approximately HK$34
million (2022: approximately HK$37 million) respectively. Details of the 2021 LCS
were set out in “Convertible Bonds” in Note 16 to the consolidated financial
statements in this final results announcement.


                                     – 21 –
    The net proceeds raised from the issuance of the 2021 LCS have all been utilised as
    at 31 December 2022 according to the intended use of proceeds as disclosed in the
    2021 Circular.

    The Group takes a centralised approach to the Group’s funding and treasury
    management as well as optimisation of the funding cost-efficiency. The management
    (i) strives to maintain a balanced debt and capital financing structure; (ii) ensures
    secure and optimum return on the investment of surplus funds within an agreed risk
    profile; (iii) oversees the treasury related financial risks, including but not limited to
    interest rate risk, currency risk, liquidity risk and credit risk; (iv) strives to diversify
    source of funding and maintain a balanced maturity profile; and (v) maintains an
    appropriate control environment to protect the financial return under the fluidity
    financial market conditions.

    The Group’s assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in HK$ and United States
    Dollars (“US$”) and it earns its revenue and incurs costs and expenses mainly in
    HK$ and US$. As HK$ is pegged to US$, the Group does not expect any significant
    foreign currency exposure arising from the fluctuation of the US$/HK$ or HK$/US$
    exchange rates.

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, capital expenditure on property, plant
    and equipment amounted to approximately HK$67 million (2022: approximately
    HK$114 million), the additions to right-of-use assets were approximately HK$201
    million (2022: approximately HK$12 million), the additions to programming library
    were approximately HK$43 million (2022: approximately HK$47 million) and the
    additions to other intangible assets were approximately HK$3 million (2022:
    HK$Nil).

    The Group financed its operations generally with internally generated cash flows
    and loans from the controlling shareholder of Forever Top.

(D) Contingent Liabilities

    As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.




                                            – 22 –
(E) Guarantees

   As at 31 December 2023, a corporate guarantee of HK$295 million (2022: HK$400
   million) had been provided by the Company to a bank in respect of the facility of
   borrowing up to HK$295 million (2022: HK$400 million) to a wholly-owned
   subsidiary of the Company, of which HK$295 million (2022: HK$295 million) was
   utilised by the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group had made arrangements with a bank to provide
   two separate performance bonds to the counterparties amounting to HK$35 million
   (2022: HK$40 million), of which HK$5 million (2022: HK$10 million) was secured
   by bank deposits. The performance bonds are to guarantee in favour of the
   counterparties the Group’s performance in fulfilling the obligations under a contract
   and the requirements as set out in the licence issued by a regulatory body.

(F) Human Resources

   The Group had 1,070 full-time employees as at 31 December 2023 (31 December
   2022: 1,151). Total salaries and related costs before capitalisation and incurred for
   the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$409 million (for
   the year ended 31 December 2022: approximately HK$372 million). The
   remuneration of the Directors and the employees of the Group is determined with
   reference to their qualifications, experience, duties and responsibilities with the
   Group, as well as the Group’s performance and the prevailing market conditions.
   Besides, the Group regularly provides training courses for the employees of the
   Group to meet their needs.

(G) Operating Environment

   In view of the rapidly changing media landscape in Hong Kong, and fierce
   competition among global operations related to the Pay TV content providers and
   Pay TV operators, Hong Kong Cable Television Limited (“HKC”) has submitted an
   application for the Licence Termination to the Government and has been granted
   approval on 14 February 2023. The Group has terminated the Pay TV operation with
   effect from 1 June 2023.

   Although the Group has terminated the Pay TV operation with effect from 1 June
   2023, the Group recorded a slight improvement on advertising revenue.

   For broadband services, the number of customers as at 31 December 2023 decreased
   as compared to that as at 31 December 2022, due to keen market competition. In
   view of above, the Group will continue to expand the network coverage and upgrade
   of the Group’s network to provide high speed Gigabit-capable Passive Optical
   Network (“GPON”) services to enhance the Group’s competitiveness.



                                        – 23 –
(H) Charge on Group Assets

    As at 31 December 2023, restricted bank balances of approximately HK$12 million
    (31 December 2022: approximately HK$17 million) were made by the Group to
    secure certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

(I) Material Acquisitions and Disposals and Significant Investments

    There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associated companies
    and joint ventures or significant investments of the Group, which would have been
    required to be disclosed under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
    Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), for the year ended 31
    December 2023.

(J) Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets

    The Group will continue to invest in property, plant and equipment and
    programming library as required by its business operations, and explore the market
    and identify any business opportunities which will be beneficial to its growth and
    development, enhance its profitability, and strive for better return to the
    shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).

    The Group’s ongoing capital expenditure will be funded by internal cash flows
    generated from operations and the available credit facilities.

(K) Outlook

    The Group terminated its Pay TV operation in 2023 and transitioned to free TV and
    omnimedia operations. The year of 2024 will be an important year after the
    transformation of the media business. In view of the rapidly changing landscape of
    the media market in Hong Kong, it is imperative to develop branded content and
    design multi-screen interactive forms to reach audiences and users. Therefore, the
    Group will integrate social media platforms, mobile applications, the MTR In-train
    TV, and physical promotional events to create marketing solutions that enhance
    customer engagement and consumption. In order to promote the development of
    programme content and reinforce its production capabilities, the Group will continue
    to devise innovative content marketing strategies and recruit producers with diverse
    styles and skill sets. The Group anticipates that the transformation of local economic
    activities and inbound tourism will have a positive impact on the quality of content
    and the flexibility of operators in the advertising market in 2024.




                                         – 24 –
Media

Regarding programme content, the Group remains dedicated to producing innovative
shows that reflects current social changes and the collective feelings of audiences.
This includes shows like “Hints of Postnatal Care” (坐月攻略), which delves deeply
into the postnatal recovery of new mothers after the pandemic, and “Make it a better
place 2” (香港空間改造王2), which caters to the excitement of Hong Kong people
about purchasing homes and their aspiration to transform these spaces into cozy and
inviting homes. The Group is also preparing to launch self-produced drama series in
2024, aiming to provide viewers with more diversified programmes choices.

To cater to the Hong Kong people who are busy with consumption, HOY TV is
seeking innovative approaches to produce travel and food programmes, such as “UK,
OK” (英國邊忽好) which explores hidden gems in Britain, “Along with the
Goddesses” (女神同行) where Taiwan’s top ten popular goddesses serve as guides,
and “Undercover Service Squad” (臥底服務團) which challenges the services
standard offered by Hong Kong restaurants and attractions with the participation of
artists and guests. Moreover, to enhance the popularity and topicality of these
programmes, the Group has invited several renowned and thematic artists to host the
shows, including Natalie Tong Sze Wing, Snow Suen Wai Suet, Ashley Chu Chi
Yin, Maisy Ma, Mizuki Lin (林襄) and Lisa Lin (林莎).

Building upon the success of last year’s broadcast of the Asian Games, the Group
will continue its collaboration with local audiences to select a range of thrilling
international events featuring Hong Kong athletes to support the Hong Kong team in
2024. These include the exclusive coverage of events such as the “AFC Asian Cup“
(亞洲盃足球賽), the “2024 World Aquatics Championships“ (2024世界游泳錦標
賽), the “AFC Champions League“ (亞冠盃足球賽), and the “2025 FIBA Asia Cup
Qualification Match” (2025亞洲盃籃球賽資格賽). Together with other international
sports events, HOY TV maximises the advantages of various media platforms to
deliver high-quality sports broadcasting to local audiences, and to elevate local
athletes and the sports community into the spotlight, and facilitate engagement with
audiences, witnessing the development of sports in Hong Kong.

To seize the opportunities arising from the development of the Guangdong-Hong
Kong Greater Bay Area, the Group has launched its self-produced programmes.
These include “Map of Shenzhen” (深圳地圖) which caters to the consumption
preferences of Hong Kong residents venturing Shenzhen, “Let’s Feast GBA” (煮題
COOK 3灣區搵食) which focuses on the cuisines in the Greater Bay Area, and
“Railway Traveler” (一個人鐵道行) which introduces tourist destinations along
Mainland China’s high-speed railway. Furthermore, the Group has established a
strategic partnership with China Guangdong Radio and Television to jointly produce
the Cantonese Spring Festival Gala programme (龍騰灣區歡樂年) in 2024. This
collaboration enhances the Group’s presence in the Greater Bay Area. The Group



                                    – 25 –
will continue to develop programmes with distinct Hong Kong characteristics to
better integrate into the Greater Bay Area market. Additionally, the Group will
pursue deeper and more comprehensive cooperation with Mainland media and
platforms to attract more business partners and advertisers, thereby fostering
business growth. In addition to the Greater Bay Area market, the Group will explore
partnerships with platforms in Malaysia, Singapore, the United States, Canada, and
other regions to tap into a broader film and television market.

HOY 78 will persist in improving the production of local news and global finance
content to capture the business potential in the banking and finance sector. In
January 2024, the Group has introduced an exclusive interview section “Inno
Navigator” (科創領航) in programme “Inno Action” (智•創未來), which engaged in
discussions with ten influential guests from the science and technology sector
regarding the progress of science and technology innovation in Hong Kong and the
associated industry policies. “City Focus” (一線搜查), produced by the i-CABLE
News team, is one of the highest-rated programmes at HOY TV. In the future, it will
be broadcasted from a new studio equipped with AR (Augmented Reality)
technology, allowing closer engagement with the public on current social issues and
providing comprehensive analysis on diverse facets of people’s livelihoods.

The Group will continue to strengthen its free-to-air TV channels, digital media
platforms and advertising businesses following its successful expansion into the
multimedia sector in 2023 in response to the changing operating environment. With
the rapid advancements in 5G wireless networks and the increasing popularity of
streaming content on smartphones, the Group will focus on improving the
functionality of its mobile applications, including “HOY” and “i-CABLE News” as
well as mobile webpages, to provide viewers with a more convenient and high-
quality digital experience. Additionally, the Group will work on enhancing the flow
and quality of film streaming on digital platform, while continuously innovating to
provide a wider range of appealing content and advertising options to its audience,
which will contribute to the expansion of the company’s business operations.

Furthermore, following the optimisation of the HOY Mobile App, a new targeted
sales function is added, which is expected to bring revenue growth to the Group. By
offering value-added integrated marketing solutions and bundling multi-platform
media services, more business opportunities will be seized in 2024 and beyond.




                                    – 26 –
Cable TV 18 Channel (有線18台) remains committed to delivering a comprehensive
lineup of horse racing programmes to cater to the vast number of horse racing
enthusiasts. The channel will continue to enhance the mobile application “Racing
GPS” (賽馬GPS) while adhering to the principles of originality, innovation, and
dedication. Cable TV 18 Channel (有線18台) aims to provide a greater variety of
thrilling and top-notch horse racing information, especially for young horse racing
fans, offering them professional horse racing analysis from different perspectives
and maintain a leading position in the horse racing channel, so as to attract more
new users.

The recovery of economic activities and the increase in inbound tourism in the
Greater Bay Area will directly benefit the advertising market in 2024. The
convenience of travel on the MTR East Rail Line will attract more cross-boundary
travelers, creating new business opportunities for both existing and new advertisers.
To diversify content and attract advertisers, the Group plans to introduce additional
lifestyle and entertainment content on the MTR In-train TV, with aims to associate
more product categories with the content, thereby increasing the placement of
advertisements and generating higher revenue. Moreover, the Group will launch new
initiatives to offer advertisers comprehensive and customised advertising campaigns
through bundled sales of MTR carriage advertisements and in-app advertising
positions, resulting in additional revenue streams. Additionally, the introduction of
targeted sales as a new advertising feature on the MTR mobile application is
expected to generate interest from potential advertisers and drive new business
revenue.

The Group will continue to implement innovative sales strategies, offer content
sponsorship and integrate marketing solutions to diversify the product portfolio. The
advertising sales team of the Group will continue to deliver personalised advertising
content, customised mini programmes, and cross-platform bundled sales to seize
more business opportunities.

Telecommunications

The Group will continue to invest in the expansion of network backbone coverage
and core network capacity. The objective is to meet the growing demands of both
residential and commercial markets and position the Group for future growth. To
address the rising demand for data traffic and services, the Group will strive to
expand its network infrastructure to provide stronger network support and higher
capacity.

Through investments in extending network backbone coverage, the Group aims to
achieve wider service coverage and enhance connectivity, resulting in higher speeds
and a more reliable network experience. Simultaneously, expanding the capacity of
the core network will improve network throughput and processing capabilities,
catering to the increasing demand for data transmission while ensuring network
stability and reliability.

                                     – 27 –
The objectives of these investments and endeavors are to facilitate the business
expansion of the Group and address evolving market requirements. By expanding
network capabilities and establishing a stronger infrastructure, the Group can offer
customers a wider range of service options, cater to the diverse needs of various
industries and users, and maintain a competitive edge.

The Group will persist in pursuing potential collaborations with other business
partners for network cooperation. Additionally, it will enhance its existing
partnership with CMHK, a long-term strategic partner, encompassing areas such as
content provision, network consultation, and infrastructure layout. Furthermore, the
Group will leverage its network expertise and capabilities to support CMHK in the
design, planning, and installation of infrastructure projects in Hong Kong.

The Group has a strong belief that its telecommunications business will continue to
operate efficiently and yield satisfactory outcomes. Moreover, the Group is eager to
explore additional business prospects within the telecommunications sector, aiming
to bring new impetus to the Group’s business portfolio and enhance overall
performance growth.

The Group has been focusing on formulating and implementing an organisational
restructuring which included, among other things, (i) identifying cost-saving
initiatives through automation and process re-engineering; (ii) promoting more
locally produced high quality content and introducing new overseas contents; (iii)
exploring new television content co-operation models and diversifor free television
and other digital media platforms in view of the increasing competition from
alternative media platforms; and (iv) performing strategic reviews on possible
restructuring of the Group to enhance business performance and management
efficiency, to promote synergies, and to improve cost efficiency and profitability,
and on the financial performance of the Group. As part of a strategic review, the
Group has been and will continue to prudently evaluate any potential partnerships.




                                    – 28 –
(L) Events After the Reporting Period

    1.   On 4 January 2024, HKC as the borrower, entered into a loan agreement with
         Celestial Pioneer Limited as the lender, pursuant to which, HKC obtained an
         unsecured loan with a principal amount of HK$80,000,000 for a term of 3 years
         from the date of the said loan agreement, with an interest rate of 6.0% per
         annum.

    2.   On 6 March 2024, HKC as the borrower, entered into a loan agreement with
         Celestial Pioneer Limited as the lender, pursuant to which, HKC obtained an
         unsecured loan with a principal amount of HK$90,000,000 for a term of 3 years
         from the date of the said loan agreement, with an interest rate of 6.0% per
         annum.

    Save as disclosed above, the Group does not have any material events affecting the
    Group’s financial performance and/or financial position significantly that have
    occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2023.

(M) Compliance With Relevant Laws and Regulations

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no incidence of non-
    compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of the place in which the Group
    operates that has a significant impact on the business operations of the Group.




                                        – 29 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                             2023          2022
                                                   Note   HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                      (restated)

Continuing operations

Revenue                                            6,7    597,898      562,794
Cost of services
— Programming costs                                       (396,988)   (323,310)
— Network expenses                                        (255,649)   (210,706)
— Cost of sales                                           (163,410)   (152,898)
Selling, general and administrative and
 other operating expenses                                 (209,617)   (201,727)

Loss from operations                                      (427,766)   (325,847)

Interest income                                                749       1,111
Finance costs                                              (83,547)    (55,561)
Non-operating expenses, net                                 (4,060)    (55,456)

Loss before taxation                                8     (514,624)   (435,753)
Income tax                                          9      (32,940)   (187,627)

Loss from continuing operations                           (547,564)   (623,380)

Discontinued operation
Loss from discontinued operation                   10      (41,710)   (262,338)

Loss for the year                                         (589,274)   (885,718)

Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                       (589,274)   (885,718)




                                          – 30 –
                                                            2023              2022
                                            Note                         (restated)

Loss per share                              11
From continuing and discontinued
 operations
 Basic                                             (8.3) HK cents (12.4) HK cents

 Diluted                                           (8.3) HK cents (12.4) HK cents

From continuing operations
 Basic                                             (7.7) HK cents   (8.7) HK cents

 Diluted                                           (7.7) HK cents   (8.7) HK cents

From discontinued operation
 Basic                                             (0.6) HK cents   (3.7) HK cents

 Diluted                                           (0.6) HK cents   (3.7) HK cents




                                   – 31 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                     2023          2022
                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                              (restated)

Loss for the year                                 (589,274)   (885,718)

Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
  Currency translation difference                      (14)         100

Total comprehensive income for the year           (589,288)   (885,618)

Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company
 — Continuing operations                          (547,578)   (623,280)
 — Discontinued operation                          (41,710)   (262,338)

                                                  (589,288)   (885,618)




                                         – 32 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2023

                                                          2023      2022
                                                Note   HK$’000   HK$’000

ASSETS
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                         393,219   457,567
 Right-of-use assets                                   194,248     9,655
 Programming library                                         –    11,075
 Other intangible assets                                 1,218     2,661
 Contract acquisition costs                              4,248     3,683
 Deferred tax assets                            12      69,551   102,144
 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables            31,154    34,132

                                                       693,638   620,917

Current assets
 Inventories                                             3,416     6,473
 Trade receivables and contract assets          13     120,203   106,219
 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables            46,007    41,565
 Contract acquisition costs                              6,534     6,102
 Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                       34,392    40,081
 Restricted bank balances                               12,050    16,550
 Cash and bank balances                                 28,919    41,587

                                                       251,521   258,577

Total assets                                           945,159   879,494




                                       – 33 –
                                                           2023          2022
                                                Note    HK$’000       HK$’000

EQUITY
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                  15      7,928,975     7,928,975
 Reserves                                              (9,257,792)   (8,668,504)

Total deficit                                          (1,328,817)    (739,529)

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
 Convertible bonds                              16       572,005       546,040
 Interest-bearing borrowings                    17       746,035       296,035
 Lease liabilities                                       225,169         7,820
 Other non-current liabilities                            26,969        21,373

                                                       1,570,178       871,268

Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                 14        85,486        50,278
 Accrued expenses and other payables                     234,879       247,316
 Receipts in advance and customers’ deposits              83,538       117,811
 Interest-bearing borrowings                    17       295,000       295,000
 Lease liabilities                                         4,815        37,258
 Current tax liabilities                                      80            92

                                                         703,798       747,755

Total liabilities                                      2,273,976     1,619,023

Total equity and liabilities                             945,159       879,494




                                       – 34 –
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     i-CABLE Communications Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong. The
     address of its registered office in Hong Kong is 7th Floor, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road,
     Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong.

     The Company has its primary listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”).

     The Group is engaged in domestic free television programme service, advertising, television relay
     service, programme licensing, theatrical release, other media related businesses, broadband internet
     access services, portal operation,  telephony services, network leasing, network construction, mobile
     service and mobile agency service as well as other telecommunications related businesses. During
     the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group discontinued its domestic pay television programme
     service business as detailed in Note 10. Accordingly, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
     the  consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been
     re-presented.

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Financial
     Statements”) are presented in thousands of Hong Kong dollars (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.
     The Financial Statements have been approved for issue by the Board on 22 March 2024.

     The financial information relating to the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 that is included in
     this final results announcement does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated
     financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
     relating to these statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in accordance with section
     436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

     The Company has delivered the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
     Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) and will deliver the consolidated
     financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 in due course.

     The Company’s auditor has reported on the consolidated financial statements of the Group for both
     years. The auditor’s reports were unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the
     auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a
     statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).

2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards (“HKFRS”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     (“HKICPA”) and requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The Financial
     Statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at
     FVTPL, which are measured at fair value.

     The preparation of Financial Statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain
     critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
     applying the Group’s accounting policies.




                                                 – 35 –
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group incurred a net loss of HK$589 million (2022:
HK$886 million). As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets
by HK$452 million (31 December 2022: HK$489 million) and total deficit amounted to HK$1,329
million (31 December 2022: HK$740 million). Total operating cash outflows amounted to HK$287
million (2022: HK$89 million) and total cash outflows amounted to HK$13 million during the year
(2022: total cash outflows of HK$29 million). Included in the Group’s current liabilities was an
interest-bearing bank borrowing of HK$295 million which is immediately repayable on demand and
subject to review at any time and in any event not less than annually. Besides the banking facility,
the Group has received financing from time to time from Forever Top, a substantial shareholder
holding 43.2% equity interests of the Company, through rights issue and issue of long-term
convertible bonds in June 2019 and March 2021 to improve the Group’s liquidity. Up to 31
December 2023, the controlling shareholder of Forever Top has advanced unsecured 3-year interest-
bearing loans totalling HK$750 million to the Group, of which HK$450 million was advanced to the
Group during the year ended 31 December 2023. Subsequent to the year end, in January and March
2024, the controlling shareholder of Forever Top further advanced unsecured 3-year interest-bearing
loans totalling HK$170 million to the Group.

In view of such circumstances, the Directors have given careful consideration of the liquidity
requirement for the Group’s operations, the performance of the Group and available sources of
financing in assessing whether the Group has sufficient financial resources to continue as a going
concern. The Directors have reviewed the Group’s cash flow forecast prepared by management which
covers a period of twelve months from 31 December 2023. The Directors have taken into account the
following plans and measures in assessing the sufficiency of working capital requirements in the
foreseeable future:

1.   The Group’s banking facility was renewed in March 2023 and the outstanding loan balance of
     HK$295 million has been rolled over, which will continue to be subject to the clause of the
     bank’s overriding right to demand repayment;

2.   Since the termination of the Pay TV Licence with effect from 1 June 2023, the Group continues
     to provide domestic free television programme services and other businesses as usual, including
     broadband telecommunications services, telephony services, network construction and mobile
     services. The Group will continue with its strategic transformation plan to enhance the Group’s
     business performance; enrichment of contents; cooperation with other partners and cost savings
     initiatives; and

3.   Forever Top has entered into an irrevocable deed of undertaking for a period of twelve months
     from 31 December 2023 to provide financial support to the Group, up to a cap with reference to
     the latest funding requirement based on the cash flow forecast as approved by the Board, as and
     when necessary. In turn, Forever Top has received back to back financial support undertakings
     from its controlling shareholder.

Notwithstanding the above, whether the Group is able to achieve its plans and measures as described
above, which incorporate assumptions about future events and conditions are subject to inherent
uncertainties. In particular, whether the Group will be able to continue as a going concern would
depend upon the continuous availability of existing banking facility, the successful implementation
of cost saving initiatives and enhancement of business performance, and from time to time as and
when is necessary, the financial support from Forever Top as backed by the controlling shareholder
of Forever Top.

The Directors, after due consideration of the basis of the Group’s plans and measures as well as the
reasonably possible downside changes to the cash flow assumptions in the cash flow projections,
consider that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as and
when they fall due in the coming twelve months from 31 December 2023. Accordingly, the Directors
consider it is appropriate to prepare the Financial Statement on a going concern basis.




                                            – 36 –
3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The accounting policies are consistent with those as described in the Group’s financial statements for
     the year ended 31 December 2022, except for the adoption of the amendments to standards effective
     in the current accounting period.

     (a)   New standard, amendments to standards and HKFRS Practice Statement effective in
           current accounting period

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has adopted the following new standard,
           amendments to standards and HKFRS Practice Statement which are mandatory for accounting
           period beginning on 1 January 2023:

           HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 17                   Insurance Contracts
            (Amendments)
           HKFRS 17 (Amendments)                   Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9
                                                     — Comparative Information
           HKAS 1 (Amendments) and                 Disclosure of Accounting Policies
            HKFRS Practice Statement 2
           HKAS 8 (Amendments)                     Definition of Accounting Estimates
           HKAS 12 (Amendments)                    Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                     from a Single Transaction
           HKAS 12 (Amendments)                    International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

           The adoption of these new standard, amendments to standards and HKFRS Practice Statement
           does not have any significant change to the accounting policies or any significant effect on the
           results and financial position of the Group.

     (b) Amendments to standards and interpretation that are not yet effective and have not been
         early adopted by the Group

           The following amendments to standards and interpretation have been published which are
           mandatory for the Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 but have
           not been early adopted by the Group:

           HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (1)
           HKAS 1 (Amendments)                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (1)
           HKAS 1 (Amendments)                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (1)
           Hong Kong Interpretation 5              Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification
            (2020)                                  by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                    Repayment on Demand Clause (1)
           HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                      Supplier Finance Arrangements (1)
            (Amendments)
           HKAS 21 (Amendments)                    Lack of Exchangeability (2)
           HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
            (Amendments)                            its Associate or Joint Venture (3)

           (1)
                 Effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
           (2)
                 Effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           (3)
                 Effective date is to be determined

           The Group does not expect that these amendments to standards and interpretation would have
           any material impact on its results and financial position.


                                                  – 37 –
4.   ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

     The preparation of the Financial Statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     (a)   Financial risk factors

           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency
           risk, fair value interest rate risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and
           liquidity risk.

           There have been no changes in the financial risk management policies since 31 December 2022.

     (b) Liquidity risk

           Compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no other material change in the
           contractual undiscounted cash outflows for financial liabilities, except for the contractual
           undiscounted cash outflows for the drawdown of loans from Celestial Pioneer Limited of
           HK$450,000,000 with a term of 3 years from the date of the respective loan agreements and
           interest thereon (Note 17(b)) and the contractual undiscounted cash outflows for the inception
           of new leases of approximately HK$350,294,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023.

     (c)   Price risk

           The Group is exposed to price risk through its investments and redemption option of long-term
           convertible bonds recognised as financial assets at FVTPL. The Group manages this exposure
           by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risk and return profiles.

           Sensitivity analysis

           At 31 December 2023, if the price of the Group’s investments recognised as financial assets at
           FVTPL had been 1% higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the loss for the year
           would have decreased/increased by approximately HK$2,000 (2022: approximately
           HK$27,000).

           Based on the share price of the Company as at 31 December 2023, if the share price of the
           Company had been HK$0.01 higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the fair value
           of the redemption option of long-term convertible bonds recognised as financial assets at
           FVTPL would have increased by approximately HK$10,954,000 and decreased by
           approximately HK$12,676,000, respectively (2022: increased by approximately HK$4,904,000
           and decreased by approximately HK$9,311,000, respectively) and the loss for the year would
           have decreased by approximately HK$10,954,000 and increased by approximately
           HK$12,676,000, respectively (2022: decreased by approximately HK$4,904,000 and increased
           by approximately HK$9,311,000, respectively).




                                                  – 38 –
(d) Fair values of financial instruments

    Financial instruments carried at fair value are measured by different valuation methods. The
    inputs to valuation methods are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy, as
    follows:

    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly
             traded derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end
             of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the
             Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in Level 1.

    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for
             example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which
             maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-
             specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are
             observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.

    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
             instrument is included in Level 3.

    The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at the end of the
    reporting period on a recurring basis:

                                                Level 1        Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

    At 31 December 2023
    Assets
    Financial assets at FVTPL
    — Listed debt securities                         197              –             –            197
    — Redemption option of long-term
      convertible bonds                                –              –        34,195         34,195

                                                     197              –        34,195         34,392


    At 31 December 2022
    Assets
    Financial assets at FVTPL
    — Listed debt securities                        2,673             –             –          2,673
    — Redemption option of long-term
      convertible bonds                                –              –        37,408         37,408

                                                    2,673             –        37,408         40,081

    During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no transfers between Level 1
    and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
    between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




                                           – 39 –
          The following table presents the changes in Level 3 financial instrument for the years ended 31
          December 2023 and 2022:

                                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000

          Redemption option:
          At the beginning of the year                                                          37,408                  87,005
          Unrealised fair value change recognised in non-operating
            expenses, net                                                                       (3,213)             (49,597)

          At the end of the year                                                                34,195                  37,408

          The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable
          inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                                                                 Relationship of
                                     Fair value as at      Unobservable   Range of unobservable unobservable
                                      31 December          inputs             inputs as at       inputs to fair value
                                       2023           2022                     2023         2022
                                    HK$’000      HK$’000

          Redemption option of        34,195      37,408 Discount rate        7.78%        9.40% The higher the discount rate,
            long-term convertible                                                                  the lower the fair value of
            bonds                                                                                  the redemption option of
                                                                                                   long-term convertible bonds

          The main Level 3 input used by the Group in measuring the fair value of financial instrument is
          derived and evaluated as follows:

          Discount rate was determined with reference to the risk-free rate, credit spread of comparable
          bonds and liquidity spread in the market.

          The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at costs or amortised cost
          were not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

6.   REVENUE

     Revenue comprises principally subscription, service and related fees for broadband internet access
     and telephony services. It also includes advertising revenue net of agency deductions and distribution
     fees, programme licensing income, film exhibition and distribution income, network leasing income,
     network construction income, mobile service income, mobile agency service income and other
     telecommunications income.




                                                        – 40 –
7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group managed its businesses according to the nature of services provided. The Group’s chief
     operating decision maker (the “CODM”), which comprises executive Directors and senior
     management of the Company, has determined two reportable operating segments for measuring
     performance and allocating resources. The segments are media and telecommunications.

     The media segment includes operations related to the domestic free television programme service,
     advertising, television relay service, programme licensing, theatrical release and other media related
     businesses.

     The telecommunications segment includes operations related to broadband internet access services,
     portal operation, telephony services, network leasing, network construction, mobile service and
     mobile agency service as well as other telecommunications related businesses.

     The CODM evaluates performance primarily based on segment results before depreciation of
     property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, amortisation of other intangible assets,
     impairment losses on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, programming library, other
     related intangible assets and contract acquisition costs, corporate expenses, corporate depreciation of
     property, plant and equipment, corporate impairment losses, interest income, finance costs, non-
     operating expenses, net and income tax, but after amortisation of programming library and
     amortisation of contract acquisition costs. Besides, the CODM also evaluates performance based on
     segment results before corporate expenses, corporate depreciation of property, plant and equipment,
     corporate impairment losses, interest income, finance costs, non-operating expenses, net and income
     tax, but after amortisation of programming library, amortisation of contract acquisition costs,
     depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets and amortisation of other
     intangible assets.

     Inter-segment pricing is generally determined at arm’s length basis.

     Segment assets principally comprise all assets with the exception of deferred tax assets and assets
     managed at the corporate office. Segment liabilities include all liabilities, convertible bonds and
     interest-bearing borrowings directly attributable to and managed by each segment with the exception
     of current tax liabilities and liabilities at corporate office.

     Besides, the CODM is also provided with segment information concerning revenue (including inter-
     segment revenue).

     Operating segment regarding the domestic pay television programme service was discontinued upon
     the Licence Termination during the year ended 31 December 2023. The segment information for the
     year ended 31 December 2022 has been re-presented and does not include any amounts for the
     discontinued operation, which are described in more detail in Note 10.




                                                  – 41 –
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the CODM for the purposes of
resource allocation and assessment of segment performance from continuing operations for the years
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 is set out below:

                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                               Media                 Telecommunications            Total
                                            2023          2022           2023        2022       2023          2022
                                         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                     (restated)                                          (restated)

Reportable segment revenue                211,967      164,067       386,139      398,935     598,106      563,002
Less: Inter-segment revenue                     –            –          (208)        (208)       (208)        (208)

Revenue from external customers           211,967      164,067       385,931      398,727     597,898      562,794


Revenue from contracts with
 customers:
 Timing of revenue recognition:
   At a point in time                       7,824        6,710        42,937       35,243      50,761       41,953
   Over time                              204,143      157,357       342,632      363,097     546,775      520,454
Revenue from other sources:
 Rental income                                  –             –          362         387          362          387

                                          211,967      164,067       385,931      398,727     597,898      562,794


Reportable segment (loss)/profit
  before depreciation, amortisation of
  other intangible assets and
  impairment losses                      (291,363)    (150,585)        94,982     135,072    (196,381)     (15,513)
Depreciation                              (29,897)     (23,704)       (53,764)    (86,997)    (83,661)    (110,701)
Amortisation of other intangible
  assets                                   (1,097)       (3,420)           (7)          –      (1,104)      (3,420)
Impairment losses                         (53,329)      (62,217)      (23,307)    (47,147)    (76,636)    (109,364)

Reportable segment results before
 corporate expenses, corporate
 depreciation and corporate
 impairment losses                       (375,686)    (239,926)       17,904         928     (357,782)    (238,998)



Corporate expenses                                                                            (60,727)      (58,845)
Corporate depreciation                                                                         (3,861)      (14,554)
Corporate impairment losses                                                                    (5,396)      (13,450)

Loss from operations                                                                         (427,766)    (325,847)
Interest income                                                                                   749        1,111
Finance costs                                                                                 (83,547)     (55,561)
Non-operating expenses, net                                                                    (4,060)     (55,456)
Income tax                                                                                    (32,940)    (187,627)

Loss from continuing operations                                                              (547,564)    (623,380)



                                                     – 42 –
                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000

Segment assets
  Media                                                                  459,713         373,735
  Telecommunications                                                     394,932         379,086

                                                                         854,645         752,821
Corporate assets                                                          20,963          24,529
Deferred tax assets                                                       69,551         102,144

Total assets                                                             945,159         879,494


Segment liabilities
  Media                                                                1,499,773         913,143
  Telecommunications                                                     742,861         692,640

                                                                       2,242,634       1,605,783
Corporate liabilities                                                     31,262          13,148
Current tax liabilities                                                       80              92

Total liabilities                                                      2,273,976       1,619,023

During the year ended 31 December 2023, capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment
amounted to approximately HK$66,916,000 (2022: approximately HK$113,574,000), the additions to
right-of-use assets were approximately HK$201,419,000 (2022: approximately HK$11,654,000), the
additions to programming library were approximately HK$42,844,000 (2022: approximately
HK$47,236,000) and the additions to other intangible assets were approximately HK$2,619,000
(2022: HK$Nil).

Geographical segment:

No geographical segment information is shown as, during the year presented, less than 10% of the
Group’s segment revenue, segment results, segment assets and segment liabilities are derived from
activities conducted outside Hong Kong.

Information about major customer:

Revenue of approximately HK$133,621,000 (2022: approximately HK$134,618,000) were derived
from a single external customer during the year ended 31 December 2023, of which approximately
HK$131,591,000 (2022: approximately HK$132,318,000) and approximately HK$2,030,000 (2022:
approximately HK$2,300,000) were attributed to the telecommunications segment and the media
segment, respectively.




                                          – 43 –
8.   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION

     Loss before taxation is stated after (crediting)/charging:

                                                                              2023         2022
                                                                           HK$’000    HK$’000
                                                                                      (restated)

     Continuing operations
     Interest income
     Interest income from deposits with banks and listed debt securities      (749)      (1,111)

     Finance costs
       — Interest expenses on interest-bearing borrowings                   37,495      12,571
       — Interest expenses on lease liabilities                              4,727       3,519
       — Interest expenses on convertible bonds                             41,325      39,471

     Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments
     Salaries, wages and other benefits*                                   287,816     141,646
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                 10,428       6,172

     Other items
     Depreciation
      — assets held for use under operating leases                           1,074       8,142
      — other assets                                                        72,109      93,517
      — right-of-use assets                                                 14,339      23,596

                                                                            87,522     125,255
     Impairment losses**
       — Property, plant and equipment                                      46,195      68,876
       — Right-of-use assets                                                 4,217      10,070
       — Programming library                                                28,562      38,730
       — Other related intangible assets                                     3,058       5,138

                                                                            82,032     122,814




                                                   – 44 –
                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                         (restated)

Amortisation
  — programming library***                                                  24,207          23,423
  — other intangible assets                                                  1,104           3,420
  — contract acquisition costs                                              12,184           9,160
Net loss allowance on trade receivables                                      3,009           7,087
Carrying amount of inventories consumed and sold                             6,878           7,932
(Reversal of write down)/write down of inventories                            (694)          1,692
Rental expenses in respect of land and buildings under short-term
  leases and low-value leases not included in lease liabilities             10,558           9,529
Auditor’s remuneration
  — audit services                                                           3,099           2,784
  — non-audit services                                                       1,670           1,118
Net foreign exchange loss                                                      601             700
Rental income under operating leases in respect of
  — owned plant and machinery                                                 (362)           (387)
Non-operating expense, net
  — net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                     (813)            (96)
  — gain on modification of lease contracts                                     (1)            (13)
  — fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                           5,689          55,655

*    During the year ended 31 December 2023, no subsidy (2022: subsidies of approximately
     HK$10,593,000 (restated)) from the Employment Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic
     Fund set up by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the
     “HKSAR”) were included in salaries, wages and other benefits.

**   The impairment losses of approximately HK$47,467,000, HK$19,586,000 and HK$14,979,000
     were included within programming costs, network expenses and selling, general and
     administrative and other operating expenses, respectively, in the consolidated statement of
     profit or loss of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023. The aggregate amount of the
     impairment losses recognised for the year ended 31 December 2023 were amounted to
     approximately HK$82,032,000, primarily as a result of management’s assessment of the
     business prospect of the Group in light of the latest market environment.

     The impairment losses of approximately HK$62,088,000 (restated), HK$36,903,000 (restated)
     and HK$23,823,000 (restated) were included within programming costs, network expenses and
     selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses, respectively, in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022. The
     aggregate amount of the impairment losses recognised for the year ended 31 December 2022
     were amounted to approximately HK$122,814,000 (restated), primarily as a result of the
     Licence Termination with effect from 1 June 2023, as well as management’s assessment of the
     business prospect of the Group in light of the latest market environment.

*** Amortisation of programming library was included within programming costs in the
    consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group.




                                           – 45 –
9.   INCOME TAX

     Hong Kong and other jurisdictions profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%)
     and at the rates of taxation prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates respectively.

                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

     Continuing operations

     Current income tax
     Provision for the year                                                           347              270

     Deferred income taxation*                                                     32,593         187,357

     Income tax                                                                    32,940         187,627

     *     During the year ended 31 December 2023, write down of previously recognised deferred tax
           assets of approximately HK$22,703,000 was recognised, primarily as a result of management’s
           assessment of the business prospect of the Group in light of the latest market environment.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, write down of previously recognised deferred tax
           assets of approximately HK$176,318,000 was recognised, primarily as a result of the Licence
           Termination with effect from 1 June 2023, as well as management’s assessment of the business
           prospect of the Group in light of the latest market environment.

10. DISCONTINUED OPERATION

     (a)   Description

           In view of the rapidly changing media landscape in Hong Kong and fierce competition among
           the global paid TV content providers and pay TV operators, HKC, a subsidiary of the Company,
           obtained approval from the Government of the HKSAR on 14 February 2023 for the termination
           of the Pay TV Licence with effect from 1 June 2023, which was reported in the Financial
           Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 as a discontinued operation.




                                                 – 46 –
(b) Financial performance and cash flow information

    Financial information relating to discontinued operation for the years ended 31 December 2023
    and 2022 is set out below.

                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000

    Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
      from discontinued operation:
    Revenue                                                              118,228          332,405
    Operating expenses                                                  (159,938)        (594,743)

    Loss before taxation                                                 (41,710)        (262,338)
    Income tax                                                                 –                –

    Loss from discontinued operation                                     (41,710)        (262,338)

    Total comprehensive income from discontinued operation               (41,710)        (262,338)


    Cash flows from discontinued operation:
    Net cash outflow from operating activities                           (68,835)        (142,104)
    Net cash outflow from investing activities                                 –          (38,856)

    Net decrease in cash generated by the discontinued
     operation                                                           (68,835)        (180,960)


    Basic loss per share from discontinued operation               (0.6) HK cents   (3.7) HK cents
    Diluted loss per share from discontinued operation             (0.6) HK cents   (3.7) HK cents

    Re-presentation of comparative figures

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group discontinued its Pay TV operation upon
    the Licence Termination with effect from 1 June 2023. Accordingly, the consolidated statement
    of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31
    December 2022 have been re-presented.




                                          – 47 –
11. LOSS PER SHARE

   (a)   Basic loss per share

         Basic loss per share are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to owners of the Company
         by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                              (restated)

         Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company (HK$’000)                              (547,564)        (623,380)
         Loss from discontinued operation attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company (HK$’000)                               (41,710)        (262,338)
         Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
           (HK$’000)                                                          (589,274)     (885,718)
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue             7,134,623,520 7,134,623,520

         Basic loss per share for loss from continuing operations
          (HK cents)                                                               (7.7)            (8.7)
         Basic loss per share for loss from discontinued operation
          (HK cents)                                                               (0.6)            (3.7)

         Total basic loss per share (HK cents)                                     (8.3)          (12.4)

   (b) Diluted loss per share

         The diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 equals to the basic
         loss per share since the conversion rights attached to the unlisted long-term convertible bonds
         would not have a dilutive effect on the loss per share.

12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group had recognised net deferred tax assets in respect of the future
   benefit of unutilised tax losses which can be carried forward indefinitely without expiry date of
   approximately HK$69,551,000 (2022: approximately HK$102,144,000), being the net balance of
   deferred tax assets arising from tax losses of approximately HK$116,237,000 (2022: approximately
   HK$152,410,000) and deferred tax liabilities arising from depreciation allowances in excess of the
   related depreciation of approximately HK$46,686,000 (2022: approximately HK$50,266,000). The
   deferred tax assets recognised as at 31 December 2023 was determined after considering the
   estimated future taxable profits and the timing of utilisation of the tax losses in the relevant
   subsidiary of the Company. The subsidiary has a history of recent losses in preceding periods. The
   estimated future taxable profits of the relevant subsidiary of the Company take into account the
   expected growth of the business due to the operating environment, business strategies, business
   development, approved business plans, the effect of the tax planning as well as the trend of the
   performance of the relevant subsidiary of the Company. Deferred tax assets were recognised to the
   extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be
   utilised.




                                                 – 48 –
13. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

   Trade receivables                                                             130,883          107,711
   Less: loss allowance                                                          (27,315)         (24,289)

                                                                                 103,568            83,422
   Contract assets                                                                16,635            22,797

                                                                                 120,203          106,219

   An ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance), based on the invoice date is set out as
   follows:

                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

   0 to 30 days                                                                   54,425            47,462
   31 to 60 days                                                                  23,235            11,332
   61 to 90 days                                                                  12,201             6,766
   Over 90 days                                                                   13,707            17,862

                                                                                 103,568            83,422

   The Group has a defined credit policy. The general credit terms allowed range from 0 to 15 days in
   respect of television, broadband, telephony and mobile service subscription and from 0 to 30 days in
   respect of advertising, network leasing and network construction services.

14. TRADE PAYABLES

   An ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date is set out as follows:

                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

   0 to 30 days                                                                    9,976             5,947
   31 to 60 days                                                                  19,115            17,430
   61 to 90 days                                                                  10,916            12,301
   Over 90 days                                                                   45,479            14,600

                                                                                  85,486            50,278




                                                – 49 –
15. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                2023                                   2022
                                        Number of                              Number of
                                           shares            HK$’000              shares           HK$’000

   Ordinary shares, issued
     and fully paid:
   At 1 January                      7,134,623,520           7,928,975     7,134,623,520          7,928,975

   At 31 December                    7,134,623,520           7,928,975     7,134,623,520          7,928,975

16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

   (a)   The 2019 LCS

         On 25 January 2019, the Company entered into the unlisted long-term convertible securities
         subscription agreement with Forever Top, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally
         agreed to issue, and Forever Top has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the 2019 LCS. On 4
         June 2019, the issuance of the 2019 LCS with the principal amount of HK$568,000,000 to
         Forever Top was completed. The 2019 LCS would be convertible into 4,544,000,000 new
         ordinary Shares upon full conversion of the 2019 LCS based on the initial conversion price of
         HK$0.125 per conversion share. The initial conversion price represents a premium of
         approximately 8.7% over the closing price of HK$0.115 per Share as quoted on the Stock
         Exchange on 25 January 2019, being the date on which the terms of the 2019 LCS were fixed.
         The coupon rate of the 2019 LCS is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The 2019 LCS is
         convertible into ordinary Shares at any time during the period from the date of the issue of the
         2019 LCS up to the close of business on the maturity date, subject to the conversion restrictions.
         The maturity date of the 2019 LCS is the end of the tenth year from date of the issue of the
         2019 LCS and all of the remaining outstanding 2019 LCS will be redeemed by the Company at
         100% of the outstanding principal amount of the 2019 LCS together with any interest accrued
         but unpaid thereon.

         On the date of issuance of the 2019 LCS, the fair value of liability component of approximately
         HK$343,719,000 was recognised and the fair value of approximately HK$224,281,000,
         representing equity element, was recognised and presented in equity heading “equity component
         of convertible bonds” at initial recognition. The effective interest rate of the liability component
         was 7.69% per annum. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of liability component of
         the 2019 LCS is approximately HK$425,663,000 (2022: approximately HK$405,277,000).

         The relevant fair value measurement was carried out by an independent qualified professional
         valuer not connected to the Group.




                                                 – 50 –
   (b) The 2021 LCS

        On 27 January 2021, the Company entered into the unlisted long-term convertible securities
        subscription agreement with Forever Top, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally
        agreed to issue, and Forever Top has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the 2021 LCS. On
        31 March 2021, the issuance of the 2021 LCS with the principal amount of HK$200,000,000
        with a maturity of 10 years by the Company to Forever Top was completed. The 2021 LCS
        would be convertible into 2,941,176,470 new ordinary Shares upon full conversion of the 2021
        LCS based on the initial conversion price of HK$0.068 per conversion share and the coupon
        rate of the 2021 LCS is 2.0% per annum and payable quarterly. The Company may at any time
        on or after the date of issue of the 2021 LCS by giving not less than 10 business days’ written
        notice to the holder(s) of the 2021 LCS to redeem all or part of the 2021 LCS at the outstanding
        principal amount of the 2021 LCS together with all accrued but unpaid interest.

        On the date of issuance of the 2021 LCS, the fair value of liability component of approximately
        HK$131,806,000 was recognised, the fair value of approximately HK$144,610,000,
        representing equity element, was recognised and presented in equity heading “equity component
        of convertible bonds” and the fair value of the redemption option of approximately
        HK$78,061,000 was recognised as financial assets at FVTPL at initial recognition. The
        effective interest rate of the liability component was 6.88% per annum. As at 31 December
        2023, the carrying amount of liability component and redemption option of the 2021 LCS is
        approximately HK$146,342,000 (2022: approximately HK$140,763,000) and approximately
        HK$34,195,000 (2022: approximately HK$37,408,000) respectively.

        The relevant fair value measurement was carried out by an independent qualified professional
        valuer not connected to the Group.

17. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

                                                2023                               2022
                                                  Non-                               Non-
                                  Current      current       Total     Current     current      Total
                                  HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

   Bank loan (Note (a))            295,000             –   295,000     295,000            –    295,000
   Loans from Celestial Pioneer
     Limited (Note (b))                   –    746,035     746,035            –    296,035     296,035

   Total borrowings                295,000     746,035 1,041,035       295,000     296,035     591,035




                                              – 51 –
   Note:

   (a)   The carrying amount of bank loan denominated in Hong Kong dollar as at 31 December 2023
         was HK$295,000,000 (2022: HK$295,000,000), which is unsecured, carries interest at variable
         rates and repayable on demand.

   (b)   The carrying amount of the loans from Celestial Pioneer Limited (a company holding 72.0% of
         the total number of issued shares of Forever Top and wholly owned by Dr. Cheng, the Director)
         denominated in Hong Kong dollar as at 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$746,035,000
         (2022: approximately HK$296,035,000), which are unsecured, carry interest at fixed rates
         ranging from 2.5% to 6% per annum and with a term of 3 years from the date of the respective
         loan agreements.

   The maturity of interest-bearing borrowings was as follows:

                                                        Loans from Celestial
                                         Bank loan        Pioneer Limited              Total
                                        2023       2022     2023       2022         2023     2022
                                     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000 HK$’000

   Within 1 year or on demand         295,000   295,000          –          –      295,000    295,000
   After 1 year but within 5 years          –         –    746,035    296,035      746,035    296,035

                                      295,000   295,000    746,035    296,035 1,041,035       591,035

18. DIVIDEND

   The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023
   (2022: HK$Nil).

19. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

   Capital commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000

   Property, plant and equipment
     — Contracted but not provided for                                            413           6,709

   Programming library
     — Contracted but not provided for                                          13,470          5,301

                                                                                13,883         12,010




                                                – 52 –
20. GUARANTEES

   As at 31 December 2023, a corporate guarantee had been provided by the Company to a bank of
   HK$295,000,000 (2022: HK$400,000,000) in respect of the facility of borrowing up to
   HK$295,000,000 (2022: HK$400,000,000) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, of which
   HK$295,000,000 (2022: HK$295,000,000) was utilised by the wholly-owned subsidiary of the
   Company.

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group had made arrangements with a bank to provide two separate
   performance bonds to the counterparties amounting to HK$35,330,000 (2022: HK$39,830,000), of
   which HK$5,330,000 (2022: HK$9,830,000) was secured by bank deposits. The performance bonds
   are to guarantee in favour of the counterparties the Group’s performance in fulfilling the obligations
   under a contract and the requirements as set out in the licence issued by a regulatory body.

21. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

   1.   On 4 January 2024, HKC as the borrower, entered into a loan agreement with Celestial Pioneer
        Limited, as the lender, pursuant to which, HKC obtained an unsecured loan with a principal
        amount of HK$80,000,000 for a term of 3 years from the date of the said loan agreement, with
        an interest rate of 6.0% per annum.

   2.   On 6 March 2024, HKC as the borrower, entered into a loan agreement with Celestial Pioneer
        Limited as the lender, pursuant to which, HKC obtained an unsecured loan with a principal
        amount of HK$90,000,000 for a term of 3 years from the date of the said loan agreement, with
        an interest rate of 6.0% per annum.




                                               – 53 –
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance
practices, and procedures and to complying with the statutory and regulatory
requirements with an aim to maximising the Shareholders’ values and interests as well
as enhancing the stakeholders’ transparency and accountability. During the year ended
31 December 2023, the Company had applied the principles of good corporate
governance and complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules,
except for the following deviations:

Code Provision C.1.6 of Part 2 of the CG Code stipulates that independent non-executive
directors and other non-executive directors, as equal board members, should give the
board and any committees on which they serve the benefit of their skills, expertise and
varied backgrounds and qualifications through regular attendance and active
participation. Generally, they should also attend general meetings to gain and develop a
balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Also, Code Provision F.2.2 of Part
2 of the CG Code stipulates that the chairman of the board should attend the annual
general meeting.

Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry (the chairman of the Board and a non-executive Director),
Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica (a non-executive Director) and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger (an
independent non-executive Director) were unable to attend the annual general meeting of
the Company held on 16 June 2023 (“2023 AGM”) and the general meeting of the
Company held on 16 June 2023 respectively as each of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Ms.
Ng Yuk Mui Jessica and Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger had other engagements at the time
of such meetings. Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick (the vice-
chairman of the Board and an executive Director) and Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica were
unable to attend the general meeting of the Company held on 28 September 2023 as each
of Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick and Ms. Ng Yuk Mui Jessica
had other engagements at the time of such meeting. In the absence of the chairman of the
Board at the 2023 AGM, Mr. Tsang On Yip, Patrick, the vice-chairman of the Board and
an executive Director, acted as the chairman of the 2023 AGM, and together with other
Directors present at the 2023 AGM, were sufficiently knowledgeable and capable to
address any questions at the 2023 AGM, ensuring an effective communication with the
Shareholders.




                                        – 54 –
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. The
Company, having made specific enquiries of all the Directors, was not aware of any non-
compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the year ended
31 December 2023.

The Company has also applied the principles of the Model Code for securities
transactions to the employees of the Group.

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINAL RESULTS

The Company has set up the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
with majority of the members being independent non-executive Directors with terms of
reference adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules for the
purposes of, among others, reviewing the financial information of the Group, and
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting system, and risk management and internal
control systems, as well as the Group’s corporate governance matters. As at the date of
this final results announcement, the Audit Committee comprises Mr. Luk Koon Hoo,
Roger (an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the Audit
Committee), Prof. Hu Shao Ming Herman (an i n d e p e n d e n t non-executive Director)
and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman (an independent non-executive Director).

The Financial Statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee with no
disagreement.

SCOPE OF WORK OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS

The figures in respect of the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position,
consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, and the related notes thereto for the year ended 31 December 2023 as set out in
this final results announcement have been agreed by the Group’s auditor,
PricewaterhouseCoopers, to the amounts set out in the Group’s audited   consolidated
financial statements for the year. The work performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers in
this respect did not constitute an assurance engagement and consequently no opinion or
assurance conclusion has been expressed by PricewaterhouseCoopers on this final results
announcement.




                                        – 55 –
DIVIDEND

The Board did not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31
December 2023 (2022: HK$Nil).

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed
securities of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the eligibility to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general
meeting of the Company (the “Forthcoming AGM”) to be held on Thursday, 6 June
2024, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 3 June
2024 to Thursday, 6 June 2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of
Shares can be registered. In order to ascertain Shareholders’ rights for the purpose of
attending and voting at the Forthcoming AGM, all transfers, accompanied by the
relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s registrar, Tricor Tengis
Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than
4:30 p.m. on Friday, 31 May 2024.

                                                        By order of the Board
                                                 i-CABLE Communications Limited
                                                    Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
                                                             Chairman

Hong Kong, 22 March 2024

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises ten Directors, namely
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry (Chairman) as non-executive Director; Mr. Tsang On Yip,
Patrick (Vice-Chairman), Mr. Lie Ken Jie Remy Anthony Ket Heng, Mr. To Chi Hak
(Chief Executive Officer) and Dr. Luk Wai Ki Elvis as executive Directors; Ms. Ng Yuk
Mui Jessica as non-executive Director; and Mr. Lam Kin Fung Jeffrey, Prof. Hu Shao
Ming Herman, Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, Roger and Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman as
independent non-executive Directors.




                                        – 56 –
