ABOUT US

SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong Kong since 1996
and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (0016.HK).

SmarTone is a leading mobile communications provider in Hong Kong, offering territory-wide
and superior 5G services, which are instrumental in driving the region’s 5G development. In
2020, SmarTone was the first company in Hong Kong to introduce the groundbreaking 5G
home broadband services, distinguished by its no-wiring and no-installation propositions, which
have garnered the largest market share and widespread popularity among consumers. SmarTone
also offers cutting-edge IoT solutions tailored for enterprises, driving digital transformation and
propelling the smart city development in Hong Kong.

SmarTone has established itself as the Consumers’ No.1 Best Preferred 5G Network*, with
its commitment to delivering exceptional network experience, customer-centric products and
services, a proactive approach to innovation and a profound understanding of customer needs.
It has also been recognized by an independent global research and consulting firm as the only
mobile communications provider to be ranked among the top ten brands in Hong Kong^.

SmarTone operates over 30 retail stores in Hong Kong and has 5 key sub-brands to cater to
diverse market needs. Through leveraging innovative business strategies, SmarTone is leading
the industry development in Hong Kong.




*   Based on results obtained from study conducted by market research company NuanceTree, as commissioned by SmarTone.
    3,942 post-paid SIM card users were interviewed via online survey and street interviews between January and December 2022.
^   Based on Kantar BrandZ Top 30 Strongest Brands in Hong Kong 2024.
CONTENTS


About Us
Directors and Corporate Information              2
Financial Highlights                             3
Business Highlights                              4
Chairman’s Statement                             8
Management Discussion and Analysis               12
Corporate Governance Report                      15
Environmental, Social and Governance Report      30
Report of the Directors                          59
Directors Profile                                76




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Staff Engagement                                 84
Community Initiatives                            85
Group Financial Summary                          88
Independent Auditor’s Report                     89    1
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             94
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   95
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       96
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 98
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   102
                                                   DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                                   Board of Directors                        Auditors
                                                   *  Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond            PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                   	    Chairman                             Certified Public Accountants and Registered
                                                   *  Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                       Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                   	    Deputy Chairman                      22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                      Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen                10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                                   	    Deputy Chairman
                                                      Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona
                                                                                             Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                   	    Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                      Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                                                                             Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                                   *  Mr. David Norman PRINCE
                                                                                             183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   *  Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas
                                                   *  Dr. POON Sun-cheong, Patrick
                                                   ** Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP             Principal Share Registrar
                                                   ** Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP                  MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                   ** Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric                 4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                                   ** Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny               41 Cedar Avenue
                                                   ** Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel                Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                                   ** Mr. Peter KUNG

                                               2   *    Non-Executive Director               Principal Bankers
                                                   **   Independent Non-Executive Director   Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                             The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                   Company Secretary                           Corporation Limited
                                                   Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Hang Seng Bank Limited


                                                   Authorized Representatives                Legal Advisors to the Company
                                                   Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona                  As to Hong Kong law
                                                   Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Woo Kwan Lee & Lo

                                                                                             As to Bermuda law
                                                   Registered Office                         Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                                   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                                   Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                                                                             Bermuda Resident
                                                   Head Office and Principal Place           Representative
                                                                                             Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                   of Business                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                                   31st Floor, Millennium City 2             Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                                   378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong
                                                   Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                                 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)


                                                                          Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                         2025            2024           Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                                6,253            6,221              1%
Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                             479              470              2%
Basic earnings per share ($)                                             0.44             0.43              2%
Total dividends per share ($)                                            0.32             0.32               –


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                           11,308           11,179              1%
Current liabilities                                                    (2,974)           (2,944)            1%


Total assets less current liabilities                                    8,334           8,235              1%
Non-current liabilities                                                 (3,029)         (3,049)            (1%)




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Net assets                                                              5,305            5,186              2%


Share capital                                                             110              110               –
Reserves                                                                5,195            5,076              2%
                                                                                                                    3


Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                 5,305            5,186              2%


                                                                             Year ended 30 June
                                                                         2025           2024            Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash inflow from operating activities                               2,133            2,162             (1%)
Interest received                                                          71               66              7%
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                     (597)            (602)            (1%)
Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets at
   amortized cost                                                          11                37           (70%)
Proceeds from redemption of financial assets at amortized cost             63                  –             N/A
Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                      (244)            (225)              9%
Dividends paid                                                           (353)            (353)                –
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                         (2)                (2)              –
Principal elements of lease payments                                     (626)            (646)             (3%)
Payment for repurchase of shares                                           (5)              (17)          (67%)
Others                                                                      –                  2          (19%)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 451              422              7%
                                                   BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

                                                   Leveraging 5G, AI and new technologies, we aspire to be our
                                                   customers’ “trusted partner in digital life”.

                                                   1. Technology Leadership
                                                     SmarTone operates a world-class 5G network that ranks among the best globally, delivering full city-wide
                                                     coverage and exceptional indoor reception. The company has reinforced its leadership in network performance
                                                     through the renewal of its exclusive 850MHz band and the acquisition of 6/7GHz spectrum.

                                                     To enhance customer experience in high-traffic areas, SmarTone strategically allocated premium spectrum to
                                                     24 of the busiest MTR stations. Independent third-party benchmarks have validated the network’s superior




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     performance across high-demand locations, including most MTR stations, major event venues such as Kai Tak
                                                     Sports Park, and key tourist gateways like immigration ports.




                                                          HONG KONG                                                                            MTR
                                                          COLISEUM                                                                             STATIONS


                                               4
                                                                                                                                          HONG KONG
                                                              KAI TAK                                                                     INTERNATIONAL
                                                              SPORTS PARK                                                                 AIRPORT
                                                                                                    EXTENSIVE
                                                                                                    COVERAGE
                                                          CENTRAL                                                                              ASIA
                                                          KOWLOON                                                                              WORLD EXPO
                                                          ROUTE




                                                     SmarTone’s commitment to a customer-first approach is evident in its extensive coverage. This is achieved
                                                     through dynamic and proactive optimization of network resources using AI-driven scenario planning tools,
                                                     in collaboration with a global leader in network automation. Additionally, the adoption of cutting-edge
                                                     5G-Advanced and network slicing technology enables SmarTone to deliver differentiated premium services and
                                                     Private Network Solutions tailored to evolving customer and enterprise needs.
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

  2. Empowering Innovation
        SmarTone Solutions, the enterprise solutions arm of SmarTone, enables businesses to harness digital potential
        through advanced 5G, AI, and IoT technologies, supporting industry-wide digital transformation and reinforcing
        Hong Kong’s role as a leading innovation hub. The SmartHome solution enabled SIERRA SEA to become Hong
        Kong’s first residential project to achieve WiredScore Platinum Pre-Certification.




SMART                                                                                                      SMARTRANSPORT
HOME




   SMART                                                                                             SMART




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   MALL                                                                                              CONSTRUCTION




                                                                                                          SMART            5
SMARTHOTEL                                                                                                PROPERTY
                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT




        Building on Hong Kong’s Smart City and Mega Event initiatives and leveraging synergies with SHKP, SmarTone
        introduced the latest advancements of 5G-Advanced network, including network slicing and private 5G
        networks. These technologies supported major events such as the World Game Series Hong Kong, SHKP Hong
        Kong Cyclothon, the Asian Film Awards, and the Hong Kong Para Fencing Satellite Tournament, providing high-
        performance connectivity and comprehensive 5G solutions to enhance event experiences.




                                                                                          Hong Kong Rope Skipping
        18th Asia Film Awards Ceremony
                                                                                       Invitational Championship 2025

                                                      Hong Kong 2025
                                              Para Fencing Satellite Tournament
                                                   BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

                                                   3. Customer-Centric Strategy
                                                     SmarTone prioritizes a deep understanding of customer needs and applies technology to meet evolving
                                                     preferences. The company was the first in Hong Kong to launch a plug-and-play 5G Home Broadband service
                                                     and is ranked the No.1 Consumer Choice in Home 5G broadband in the region. As a pioneer in WiFi 7 5G Home
                                                     Broadband, SmarTone delivers a superior, hasslefree network experience without wiring.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     To enhance digital lifestyles, SmarTone expanded its portfolio across entertainment, health & safety, and
                                                     education. It is the only mobile network operator in Hong Kong to offer Disney+ bundles, providing on-demand
                                                     content from children’s educational programming to global movie and TV hits. The company also introduced
                                                     Kids CARE, an integrated solution that helps parents create a safe and enriching digital environment for children.
                                                     Available on both iOS and Android, it is the first service of its kind developed by a telecom operator in Hong
                                                     Kong.
                                               6




                                                     To enhance customers’ understanding of artificial intelligence and its practical applications, SmarTone organized
                                                     the AI SmarT Lifestyle Workshops, which received an enthusiastic response. Through these sessions, participants
                                                     gained valuable insights into generative AI tools and learned practical tips to integrate AI into their daily lives.
                                                             BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

  The company’s commitment to service excellence was recognized at the Hong Kong Retail Management
  Association’s 2024 Service Talent Award, and the Hong Kong Management Association’s Distinguished
  Salesperson Award. In addition, SmarTone was the only telecom operator included among Hong Kong’s Top 10
  Brands by Kantar.




4. Digitalization




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  SmarTone’s digital brand, Birdie, connects with young segment through a dynamic brand persona and attractive
  offerings.


                                                                                                                 7




  SmarTone delivers seamless customer support across multiple touchpoints, including its website, WhatsApp
  hotline, and the enhanced CARE App. This commitment to providing an exceptional omni-channel experience
  has earned industry recognition, with the Hong Kong Retail Management Association naming SmarTone among
  the “Top 10 Quality Trusted E-Shops” and honoring it with the “Top 10 O2O Retail Brand Award.”
                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                   Business review
                                                   In the year FY2024-25, SmarTone delivered a resilient set of results, reporting a profit attributable to equity holders
                                                   of $478 million (excluding one-off items), representing a 2% year-on-year growth. Core service revenue, post-paid
                                                   ARPU and 5G penetration held broadly stable, while our growth engines, notably — 5G Home Broadband, which
                                                   delivered an EBITDA growth at 18% year-on-year, and consumer outbound data roaming which grew 5.5% year-
                                                   on-year continued to drive incremental returns. Through targeted efficiency programs and AI driven productivity
                                                   improvements, we reduced operating expenses by 4% and core capex by 10% year-on-year, reinforcing our
                                                   commitment to financial discipline and sustainable value creation.

                                                   During the year under review, SmarTone demonstrated resilience in a challenging operating environment, where
                                                   macroeconomic uncertainty and muted consumer confidence intensified competitive pressures in an already saturated




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   market. In response we accelerated efforts to streamline operations, building a leaner, more agile organization.
                                                   The integration of AI and advanced analytics has helped deliver measurable productivity gains and cost efficiencies
                                                   enabling us to protect margins, support profitable growth in key segments and reinforce our premium market
                                                   positioning while maintaining affordability and appeal to a broad market sector.


                                                   Delivering superior network quality to where customers need it the most
                                                   SmarTone has continued to strengthen its leadership in network performance with the renewal of our exclusive
                                                   850MHz band and acquisitions of the 6/7GHz spectrum. These investments underpin a world-class 5G network that
                                               8   ranks among the best globally for its full city-wide coverage and unparalleled indoor reception.

                                                   To further differentiate our performance at busy locations during peak hours, we have strategically allocated our best
                                                   spectrum to 24 of the busiest MTR stations. Independent third-party benchmarks validated the superior performance
                                                   of our network in high-demand areas, including most MTR stations, mega event venues such as Kai Tak Sports Park,
                                                   and key tourist hubs like immigration ports. We also led the design and transformation of the 5G infrastructure at
                                                   the Hong Kong Coliseum reinforcing our role as a critical enabler of Hong Kong’s development in becoming a city of
                                                   mega events.

                                                   Our commitment to true customer first service is evident in our broad and deep coverage, extending into country
                                                   parks and remote areas where coverage is critical, even though usage is limited. Our leading coverage in Go Park
                                                   delivered in partnership with Sun Hung Kai Properties Group (SHKP) is a great example of how we provide industry-
                                                   leading coverage that enhances the outdoor experience for customers.

                                                   We are able to achieve this efficiently and effectively by dynamically and proactively optimizing our network resources
                                                   using AI-based scenario planning tools, in an exclusive partnership with a top-tier global leader in the network
                                                   automation space. In addition, the adoption of state-of-the-art 5G-Advanced technology and network slicing allow us
                                                   to provide a differentiated premium service tailored to customers’ needs. We remain committed to delivering the best
                                                   user experience underpinned by disciplined investment, intelligent network management and operational excellence.
                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Keeping a highly disciplined cost and capex control
We have intensified our cost management and capital discipline to drive productivity, delivering a continuous saving
over the past years. Through disciplined execution and deployment of advanced technologies we have simplified
our platforms and modernized the operating systems. These initiatives contributed to a 4% reduction in operating
expenses, a 10% reduction in core capex and a 6% reduction in depreciation of right-of-use assets. These combined
savings have enabled us to sustain investment in our network infrastructure, enhance our agility and fund growth
initiatives to meet evolving customers’ needs.

Spectrum fees, which are mandated by the government and non-discretionary, represent a major structural cost to
our business. In the current financial year, these fees amounted to $534 million, surpassing the profit attributable to
shareholders. While this cost cannot be reduced, we are leveraging AI-driven network optimisation tools to allocate
spectrum more efficiently, ensuring we maximise utilisation and enhance service quality for our customers. This
strategic use of technology strengthens our ability to deliver superior connectivity while maintaining operational
discipline.

During the year under review, we returned our mobile operator license in Macau to the Macau government reflecting




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
the structural constraints that prevented us delivering the service quality we target in that market. We have reallocated
the resources to focus on serving our premium and loyal customers in Hong Kong.


Fulfilling a more diverse set of customer needs                                                                             9
At SmarTone we prioritize a deep understanding of our customers and ensure that we deploy technology to meet
their changing preferences and needs. Our 5G Home Broadband service is a prime example of this, delivering
sustainable double-digit growth over the past three years. Customers now enjoy fiber-like network experience without
the need for installation. SmarTone was the first in the market to launch WiFi-7 for 5G Home Broadband, a premium
offering which has been well-received by many customers.

Building on our strong family customer base, we have enhanced our portfolio to include entertainment, health and
safety, and education-related services and applications. Since the beginning of this year, we became the only mobile
network operator in Hong Kong to offer Disney+ bundles, delivering on-demand content ranging from educational
programs for children to global movie/TV hits. In August this year, we launched our “Kids Care” application,
enabling parents to tackle challenges such as screen time management and web content filtering — we designed the
application in such a way that it enables parents to “mentor, not monitor.” We recognize the power and benefits of
technology — but acknowledge it comes with real challenges from online safety to digital wellbeing. We will continue
to partner with families to harness the power of technology responsibly.
                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    With the increasing risks of cyber-attacks against our customers, we remain committed to help customers minimize
                                                    their risk exposure. Our existing suite of innovative security solutions includes “Data Guard” and “Call Guard”. A new
                                                    phishing SMS alert service was introduced to enhance customer protection against widespread fraudulent activities.
                                                    We have also established a dedicated hotline where customers can consult our expert team 24/7 if they suspect their
                                                    phones have been hacked or targeted by scams.


                                                    Leveraging SHKP to capture synergies across consumer and enterprise
                                                    solutions
                                                    SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions business continued solid profit growth, leveraging Hong Kong’s Smart City and
                                                    Mega Event initiatives and our close relationship with SHKP. We successfully launched the latest advancements of our
                                                    5G-Advanced network, including network slicing and private 5G network, at major world-class events such as the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    World Games Series 2024 Hong Kong, which took place at Go Park. Our SmartHome solution empowered SIERRA
                                                    SEA, a new milestone project by SHKP, to become the first residential project in Hong Kong to achieve WiredScore
                                                    Platinum Pre-Certification.

                                                    On the consumer front, through close collaboration with SHKP we will leverage its broad portfolio of consumer
                                                    businesses and bring additional and tangible value to our customers. This includes residential properties, hotels and
                                                    shopping malls. Additionally, we will continue to deepen our collaboration with SHKP’s loyalty program, the Point,
                                                    with more targeted promotions and offers tailored to the needs of different customers.
                                               10
                                                    Dividend
                                                    The Board proposed a final dividend per share of 17.5 cents, making full year dividend per share of 32.0 cents.


                                                    Outlook
                                                    Our premium customer base and resilient business performance continue to be underpinned by three core pillars:
                                                    superior services, a robust network and disciplined cost management. This foundation enables us to navigate a highly
                                                    competitive environment, while our customer first philosophy drives continuous innovation to meet evolving needs,
                                                    enhance protection, and build enduring trust and loyalty.

                                                    Looking ahead we will continue to invest in AI technologies to further streamline our operations, achieve cost
                                                    efficiencies and enhance productivity.

                                                    We see new talent and immigrants to Hong Kong as an important growth segment. We will further strengthen our
                                                    presence in these market segments through tailored solutions. As part of SmarTone’s long-term talent development
                                                    plan, we will invest into our graduate recruitment program to build a more diverse and insightful team to better serve
                                                    these emerging markets.
                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


The proliferation of Generative AI applications is transforming customer and enterprise behavior. With accelerating
mainstream adoption, we are well positioned to capture this opportunity by combining 5G connectivity, AI, and IoT
technologies.

As an important telecommunication and technology arm of SHKP, SmarTone will continue to leverage on the
extensive resources and strong support from the shareholder to better serve our customers.


Appreciation
I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their support and trust, as well
as my fellow directors for their continued guidance. To our staff, I would like to express my sincere thanks for their
unwavering commitment and hard work which are the cornerstone of our success.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

                                                                                                                         11
Hong Kong, 3 September 2025
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    Review of financial results
                                                    During the year under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders was $479 million (2023/24: $470
                                                    million). Excluding one-off items, the underlying profit attributable to shareholders was $478 million, representing a 2%
                                                    increase over last year.

                                                    The Group’s total revenue was $6,253 million, a 1% increase from $6,221 million for last financial year. Our total
                                                    service revenue remained steady during the year, as the market remains competitive, while there was growth in
                                                    handset and accessory sales.

                                                    Margin improvement in our enterprise solution business resulted in a decrease in cost of services for the year of $15
                                                    million or 4% to $395 million (2023/24: $410 million).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Staff costs remained stable at $715 million (2023/24: $713 million). The effect of annual salary review is largely offset
                                                    by a reduction in headcount.

                                                    The Group has continued to rigorously enhance cost control measures and operational efficiency during the period.
                                                    Consequently, other operating expenses were reduced by 7% year-on-year to $897 million.

                                                    Depreciation, amortization, and loss on disposal decreased by $48 million or 3% to $1,693 million (2023/24: $1,741
                                                    million). This reduction is primarily attributable to reduced depreciation charges on right-of-use assets following rental
                                               12
                                                    negotiations in recent years.

                                                    Expected credit loss of $50 million was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the financial assets at
                                                    amortized cost.

                                                    Given the Group’s robust net cash position, our net finance costs (representing accretion expenses on spectrum
                                                    utilization fees, lease liabilities and asset retirement obligation) remained stable at $35 million (2023/24: $37 million).

                                                    Income tax expense amounted to $189 million (2023/24: $193 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 28.3%
                                                    (2023/24: 29.1%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee, certain related
                                                    payments have been treated as non-deductible in calculating the tax provision, which contributes to the Group
                                                    effective tax rate being higher than the standard tax rate. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position
                                                    and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from the Inland Revenue Department. As at 30 June 2025,
                                                    the Group’s current income tax liabilities of $740 million (30 June 2024: $658 million) includes a provision of $633
                                                    million (30 June 2024: $570 million) which has been made on the assumption that all spectrum utilization fee
                                                    payments were not tax deductible. At the same time, tax reserve certificates of $399 million (30 June 2024: $385
                                                    million) have been purchased by the Group in this regard.
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was mainly
financed by share capital and internally generated funds. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had a total equity of $5,305
million (30 June 2024: $5,186 million), including share capital and reserves of $110 million (30 June 2024: $110
million) and $5,195 million (30 June 2024: $5,076 million), respectively.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of $2,028
million as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $1,577 million). Total borrowings of the Group was $62 million as at 30
June 2025, as compared to $64 million as at 30 June 2024.

The Group has generated net cash from operating activities of $2,133 million during the year (2023/24: $2,162
million). The Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum
utilization fee, leases, taxation and dividends.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
next financial year with internal cash resources.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved by the board of directors. Surplus
funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits and financial assets   13
at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group arranges for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit.


Charges on assets
The Group’s bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying amount of the pledged
assets amounted to $61 million as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $63 million).


Interest rate exposure
As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s total borrowing of $62 million is subject to floating interest rate. Management
considers the corresponding interest rate exposure will not have any material impact to the Group given the low level
of borrowing. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through other
comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and trade payables denominated in United States dollars.
The trade payables denominated in United States dollars is partially hedged with our deposits in United States dollars.
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    Contingent liabilities
                                                    As at 30 June 2025, the Group provided performance guarantees of $718 million (30 June 2024: $523 million).


                                                    Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                                    The Group had 1,656 full-time employees as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: 1,756), with the majority of them based
                                                    in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $715 million for the year ended 30 June 2025 (2023/24: $713 million).

                                                    Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                                    discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                                    Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                                    and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                                    certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
                                                    under review, no unvested shares (30 June 2024: Nil) were outstanding as at 30 June 2025.

                                                    The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                                    and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. As at 30 June 2025, 4,000,000 share options were
                                                    outstanding (30 June 2024: 4,000,000).
                                               14
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2025, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in
the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except for the following deviation:

Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the
annual general meeting of the Company held on 5 November 2024 due to overseas commitments or other prior
engagements. The remaining nine Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing
82% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said
meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The Board
Roles of Directors                                                                                                       15
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Composition
                                                    The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                                    As at 30 June 2025, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, five Non-Executive Directors and six Independent
                                                    Non-Executive Directors. The names of the Directors are listed below:

                                                    Executive Directors:
                                                    Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)
                                                    Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                    Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Non-Executive Directors:
                                                    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)
                                                    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)
                                                    Mr. David Norman Prince
                                                    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas
                                                    Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick

                                                    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                    Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric
                                               16
                                                    Mr. Ng Leung-sing
                                                    Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric
                                                    Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                    Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel
                                                    Mr. Peter Kung

                                                    The presence of eleven non-executive members of the Board, six of whom are independent, is considered by the
                                                    Board as a reasonable balance between executive and non-executive members.

                                                    The Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience,
                                                    contribute significantly to the important function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They
                                                    also serve to ensure that the Board maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as
                                                    to provide adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a
                                                    whole.
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 76 to 82 of this
Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
each other.

Mr. Peter Kung (“Mr. Kung”) was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from
14 March 2022. Mr. Kung entered into a consultancy agreement with Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), in turn the holding company of the Company,
under which he has taken on the role as China Tax Advisor to the SHKP group of companies (the “SHKP Group”)
since October 2019 (the “Consultancy”). The Company is satisfied that Mr. Kung is independent for the reasons set
out below:

(a)   The scope of services for which Mr. Kung has been providing under the Consultancy and the monthly
      consultancy fee payable to Mr. Kung thereunder are immaterial whether to SHKP Group or the Company and its
      subsidiaries (the “SmarTone Group”);

(b)   Mr. Kung has advised that the monthly consultancy fee payable to him under the Consultancy is and will not be
      material to both his personal wealth and current income;




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
(c)   Mr. Kung has had no executive role in any member of the SHKP Group or the SmarTone Group. His role under
      the Consultancy is merely advisory and does not amount to performing any management or executive function;
                                                                                                                          17
(d)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that he met all other independence guidelines for independent non-executive directors
      as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and

(e)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that, during his term as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, he will
      not provide any services under the Consultancy which may relate to any affairs of the SmarTone Group and
      will not take part as China Tax Adviser under the Consultancy in any discussions which may involve any affairs
      relating to the SmarTone Group.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of their
independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
independent.

As at 30 June 2025, six of the fourteen members of the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors. In addition,
all the members of the Audit Committee and the majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee and
the Nomination Committee of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors. Each of these committees is
chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. In view of the above, it is considered that independent views and
input are available to the Board.

The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Appointment and re-election of Directors
                                                    There is no specific term of appointment for the Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors of
                                                    the Company. All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders
                                                    at annual general meetings at least once every three years.

                                                    One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
                                                    annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
                                                    accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
                                                    Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

                                                    Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after their




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    appointment, and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


                                                    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                    In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
                                                    concentrated in any one individual, the role of the Chairman is separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer. Their
                                                    respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The role of the Chairman is to
                                                    ensure that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures. The role
                                                    of the Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is to manage the
                                               18   Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board.


                                                    Board process
                                                    The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
                                                    electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
                                                    Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
                                                    opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalized agenda and accompanying board papers are
                                                    sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

                                                    During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
                                                    performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
                                                    strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
                                                    transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
                                                    of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
                                                    seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

                                                    The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
                                                    decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
                                                    inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2025. The attendance record of
the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                             Meetings attended/held
                                                                             during the term of office
Directors                                                                Board Meetings    General Meeting

Executive Directors
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                             4/4                  1/1
Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)                                    4/4                  1/1
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                             4/4                  1/1

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                4/4                  1/1
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                 4/4                  1/1




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                               4/4                  1/1
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                               4/4                  1/1
Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick                                                          4/4                  1/1

                                                                                                                   19
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                4/4                  1/1
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                     4/4                  1/1
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                1/4                  0/1
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                              4/4                  1/1
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                               4/4                  1/1
Mr. Peter Kung                                                                        3/4                  0/1
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Directors’ training
                                                    All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
                                                    the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
                                                    with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
                                                    corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
                                                    developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

                                                    Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
                                                    This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

                                                    All Directors have provided the Company with a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    2025, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
                                                    business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

                                                    During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Directors participated in the following training:

                                                    Directors                                                                                         Type of trainings

                                                    Executive Directors
                                                    Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                        A, B
                                               20
                                                    Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)                                                               A, B
                                                    Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                        A, B

                                                    Non-Executive Directors
                                                    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                           A, B
                                                    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                            A, B
                                                    Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                          A, B
                                                    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, B
                                                    Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick                                                                                     A, B

                                                    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                    Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                           A, B
                                                    Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                   B
                                                    Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                              B
                                                    Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                            B
                                                    Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                                             B
                                                    Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                                   A, B

                                                    Keys:

                                                    A:   attending or giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                                    B:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Board Committees
The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


Board Supervisory Committee (“BSC”)
The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Remuneration Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other members
are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Executive Director). The
majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.          21

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration of senior
management, including the performance bonus, and passed two written resolutions approving the same.

Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management
The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
measured against corporate objectives.

The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
businesses.

The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Nomination Committee
                                                    The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
                                                    members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
                                                    Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
                                                    Company.

                                                    The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
                                                    and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
                                                    The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
                                                    sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
                                                    available on the Company’s website.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Nomination Committee reviewed the size, structure and composition of the
                                                    Board and made recommendations on the re-election of Directors. A written resolution was passed during the year
                                                    for these purposes.

                                                    The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
                                                    themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2025 Annual General Meeting.

                                                    Nomination policy
                                               22
                                                    The Board adopted a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures for the selection, appointment
                                                    and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
                                                    diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and strategic objectives of the Group.

                                                    The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
                                                    limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

                                                    The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
                                                    attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
                                                    interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
                                                    independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-
                                                    executive directors of the Company.

                                                    In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings of the Company, the Committee
                                                    will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the Board accordingly.
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung. All the members of the Committee are
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or
financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2025 to review with management and the
Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
                                                                                                                         23
external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).

The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                         Meetings
                                                                                                    attended/held
                                                                                                   during the term
Directors                                                                                                 of office

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                2/2
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                2/2
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                           0/2
Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                                   2/2

The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 27 August 2025 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group
for the year ended 30 June 2025 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2025.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    External auditor’s independence
                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) is the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 30 June 2025. The nature and
                                                    ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
                                                    Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so
                                                    as to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.

                                                    Details of the fees paid or payable to PwC and other audit firms (for miscellaneous services) for the year ended 30
                                                    June 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                        HK$




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Services provided by PwC
                                                      Audit services                                                                                              1,948,000


                                                      Non-audit services
                                                        Taxation                                                                                                    140,000
                                                        Review of interim financial statements                                                                      291,000
                                                        Other assurance services                                                                                    353,000


                                               24                                                                                                                   784,000


                                                                                                                                                                  2,732,000


                                                    Services provided by other audit firms
                                                      Audit services                                                                                                105,000


                                                    Before commencement of the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
                                                    and for the year ended 30 June 2025, the Committee received written confirmation from PwC confirming that they
                                                    are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of Part 4A of the
                                                    Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                                                    The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
                                                    independence and objectivity of PwC and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution of their re-
                                                    appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2025 Annual General Meeting.
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 89 to 93 of this Annual Report.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Risk management and internal control systems
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
effectiveness. Such risks would include, amongst others, material risks relating to the environmental, social and
                                                                                                                          25
governance (“ESG”).

The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organizational structure
and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorized use and disposition; ensure
compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification,
assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with six qualified professionals, which is an independent function
                                                    reporting directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in
                                                    the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
                                                    adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
                                                    work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations and
                                                    productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
                                                    methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
                                                    Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover
                                                    major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
                                                    are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.

                                                    The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    management and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal
                                                    control systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2025. The review considered the adequacy of
                                                    resources, qualifications and experience of staff in the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit
                                                    functions, and their training programs and budget, as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting. The
                                                    review covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
                                                    functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
                                                    against control environment, risk management, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
                                                    activities on all major business and operational processes. The review also considered (a) the changes, since the
                                               26   last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its
                                                    business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of
                                                    the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and
                                                    frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of the Group and
                                                    the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during
                                                    the period and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could
                                                    have had or may in the future have, a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the
                                                    effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

                                                    The Company has both whistleblowing policy and anti-fraud policy in place. Whistleblowing policy sets out the
                                                    principle of whistleblowing, the procedures to be followed to raise concerns with the Audit Committee through
                                                    a designated Whistleblowing Officer and the protection of the complainants. The anti-fraud policy is to safeguard
                                                    the Company, customers, and partners against fraudulent activities like scams, identity theft, or misuse of services,
                                                    fostering a culture of integrity, and complying with Hong Kong laws and regulations. Both policies apply not only to
                                                    the employees of the Group but also to third parties who deal with the Group.

                                                    The Company also has policies in place to prevent bribery and conflicts of interest. These policies form part of the
                                                    Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are
                                                    required to follow them strictly. Employees can safely raise concerns about corruption or any other misconduct
                                                    through the whistleblowing procedures mentioned above.

                                                    In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
                                                    stipulates the prohibition on unauthorized use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
                                                    have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
                                                    Futures Ordinance.
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
Directors
The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2025, they had
fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


Diversity
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having
a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced
development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the
attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a
number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
benefits of diversity on the Board.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board — Composition”
of this Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 76 to 82 of
                                                                                                                        27
this Annual Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as
appropriate. The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review
the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.

The Company believes that each Director’s background and his/her contribution to the Board should be considered on
its own merits. Gender is only one of the many factors that influence this consideration. Therefore, the Company does
not set numerical targets or timelines for achieving gender diversity on the Board. However, the Company will, to the
extent possible, avoid having a single gender Board.

As at 30 June 2025, male and female employees of the Group accounted for 60% and 40% of the workforce,
respectively. The Group has a higher proportion of male employees, which is a common phenomenon for a
technology-driven company. The Group is an equal opportunity employer. All employees enjoy equal employment and
career opportunities and no employee shall be disadvantaged on the basis of gender.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Shareholders’ rights
                                                    Right to convene special general meeting
                                                    The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
                                                    not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
                                                    at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company
                                                    and such meeting shall be held in the form of a physical meeting only.

                                                    The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
                                                    Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

                                                    If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
                                                    may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
                                                    months from the said date.


                                                    Right to put enquiries to the Board
                                                    Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
                                                    Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
                                               28   the attention of the Company Secretary.


                                                    Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
                                                    On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the
                                                    total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the meeting to which
                                                    the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of the requisitionists:

                                                    (a)   give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of any
                                                          resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

                                                    (b)   circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not more
                                                          than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt
                                                          with at that meeting.

                                                    The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
                                                    Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Investor relations
Amendments to the Bye-laws
At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 5 November 2024, the shareholders passed a special
resolution to make certain amendments to the Bye-laws of the Company to (i) provide the Company with flexibility
to hold and dispose of its repurchased shares as treasury shares under the Bye-laws of the Company, in view of the
amendments to the Listing Rules relating to treasury shares which came into effect on 11 June 2024; and (ii) better
align the Bye-laws of the Company for housekeeping purposes with the relevant provisions of the Listing Rules and
the applicable laws of Bermuda relating to the expanded paperless listing regime and the electronic dissemination of
corporate communications by listed issuers under the Listing Rules.

Details of the amendments are set out in the circular dated 8 October 2024 sent to the shareholders. The amended
and restated Bye-laws is available on the websites of the Company and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited.


Shareholders’ communication policy
The Company adopted a shareholders’ communication policy. The policy aims to set out the provisions with




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
the objective of ensuring that the company’s shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced
and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans,
material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable shareholders to exercise their rights in an        29
informed manner, and to allow shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

Corporate communication, including announcements, interim and annual reports, shareholder circulars, etc.,
are provided to the shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese to facilitate understanding.
A dedicated section is available on the Group’s website to facilitate access to the information about the Group.
Webcasts of the Group’s results briefing are also available. Designated contacts, email addresses, fax and enquiry lines
are provided to enable shareholders to make enquiries about the Group. Shareholders’ meetings are convened as a
platform for the shareholders to talk directly with the Directors and management. The Group also gets in touch with
the investment community through investor/analyst briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media
interviews, specialist industry forums, etc. on a regular basis.

Upon review of the investor relations activities held during the year like the annual general meeting, investor/analyst
briefings, etc. and testing of the functionality of the different contact channels like emails, enquiry lines, etc., the
Company considers that the shareholders’ communication policy is effective and properly implemented.


Dividend policy
The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earnings performance, financial position, investment and
funding requirements, and future prospects. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate
from time to time.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    About this report
                                                    SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to in this report as “the Group”, “the
                                                    Company”, “SmarTone” or “we”) are pleased to present our environmental, social and governance report. This
                                                    report covers the financial year ended 30 June 2025 and is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and
                                                    Governance Report Guide under Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
                                                    of Hong Kong Limited.

                                                    The scope of this report covers our key business operations in providing telecommunications services in Hong Kong.
                                                    The Group’s operations in Macau and Guangzhou (customer service center) are excluded from the scope as their scale
                                                    is insignificant as compared to the Group’s operations in Hong Kong.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    This report highlights the Group’s sustainability efforts in environmental and social aspects. For details of our
                                                    corporate governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report included in this Annual Report.


                                                    Sustainability at SmarTone
                                                    Vision
                                                    At SmarTone, we envision “Building Network with Heart” to create positive impact with technology for a sustainable
                                                    and digitally intelligent future. We aspire a future where technology connects the community and empowers
                                               30   consumers and enterprises for a sustainable future. As a trusted partner of digital life, we are dedicated to innovating
                                                    responsibly while prioritizing environmental sustainability and safeguarding customer privacy. We engage strategically
                                                    with key stakeholders including customers, partners, employees, and community groups, to drive a meaningful
                                                    positive impact on the environment and society.


                                                    Mission
                                                    Our mission is to seamlessly integrate ESG principles into our core business strategy, driving business growth while
                                                    facilitating digital transformation for enterprises and delivering the best network experience for our customers.
                                                    This commitment aligns with our sustainability goals by ensuring that our business operations are environmentally
                                                    responsible, socially inclusive, and governed by stringent governance standards. By embedding ESG principles into our
                                                    strategy, we aim to reduce our carbon footprint, promote digital inclusion, and uphold the highest standards of data
                                                    privacy and cybersecurity. This holistic approach not only supports sustainable development but also enhances our
                                                    ability to create long-term value for all stakeholders, including customers, employees, partners, and the community.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


    Employees                                    Employees by gender




    1,190                                        Female
                                                 Employees
                                                                               Male
                                                                               Employees

                                                 35   %                        65   %

    Employees trained                            Employees by age group




    76

                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
             %                                  Under 30           30–50                Above 50

                                                10   %             60      %            30   %          31


    Base Station Energy Efficiency Improvement*                                  Paper recycled




    Estimated Carbon Emissions                   Mobile Network Data
    Reduction                                    Energy Efficiency
                                                                                   7,765           KG

        5,120                Tonnes                 10     % YoY

*    Compared to no energy saving initiatives
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Governance structure and risk management framework
                                                    The board of directors (the “Board”) oversees the ESG issues of the Group, and sets forth the overall ESG
                                                    management approach, strategy and priorities. The Board is responsible for the overall risk management and internal
                                                    control systems of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness, which also covers the ESG-related risks to the
                                                    Group’s business. Risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management
                                                    processes in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.
                                                    The Board reviews and assesses the Group’s ESG achievements which forms an integral part of the Group’s overall
                                                    performance that the Board bears the ultimate governance role.

                                                    The ESG Taskforce is responsible for ensuring that SmarTone’s sustainability agenda aligns with both its strategic
                                                    business goals and stakeholder expectations. Chaired by an Executive Director and composed of senior executives




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    from various departments, the ESG Taskforce is tasked with coordinating and managing all ESG-related activities
                                                    across the Group. It meets regularly to develop strategies and implementation plans, review existing sustainability
                                                    policies, and identify, assess, prioritize, and manage ESG challenges and climate risks.

                                                    Below is a list of the Group’s key policies in ESG-related areas:

                                                       Board Diversity Policy

                                                       Director Nomination Policy
                                               32
                                                       Shareholder Communication Policy

                                                       Employee Code of Conduct

                                                       Group Sustainability Policy

                                                       Workforce Diversity Policy

                                                       Information Security and Data Privacy Protection Policy

                                                       Anti-fraud Policy

                                                       Whistleblowing Policy
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment
At SmarTone, we recognize the importance of identifying and prioritizing the ESG issues that matter most to our
stakeholders and our business. Our materiality assessment process involves a three-step methodology: identification,
evaluation, and validation. We engage with a diverse group of stakeholders, including customers, employees and
partners, to gather insights and understand their perspectives on various ESG topics. This engagement helps us ensure
that our ESG strategy aligns with stakeholder expectations and industry standards.

We have identified several material topics that are critical to our sustainability efforts. These include cybersecurity,
customer data privacy, service excellence, service reliability and coverage, staff development and retention,
understanding customer needs and engaging customers, service innovation, anti-corruption and business integrity,
and customer health and safety. Each of these topics is evaluated based on its impact on our stakeholders and its
significance to SmarTone’s business operations.

The results of our materiality assessment are presented in a materiality matrix, which visually represents the relative
importance of each topic. This matrix serves as a valuable tool for guiding our ESG strategy and ensuring that we
focus our efforts on the areas that matter most. By continuously reviewing and updating our materiality assessment,




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
we strive to enhance our ESG performance and create long-term value for all our stakeholders.

The Three-step Methodology for Materiality Assessment
                                                                                                                           33

 1        IDENTIFICATION
                                          2          EVALUATION
                                                                                   3          VALIDATION

    Initiated the materiality                Feedback was gathered from               Findings from the identification
    assessment by reviewing                  both internal and external               and evaluation stages were
    industry benchmarks, global              stakeholders.                            reviewed by ESG Task Force
    ESG trends, and stakeholder                                                       to ensure consistency with the
                                             Based on these insights,
    perspectives.                                                                     Company’s strategic direction
                                             the Company assessed and
                                                                                      and sustainability objectives.
    A list of relevant sustainability        prioritized sustainability topics
    topics was shortlisted for               that are most likely to influence        The validation process
    stakeholder evaluation and               its long-term value creation             confirmed that the selected
    prioritization.                          and strategic resilience.                ESG topics reflect both
                                                                                      stakeholder expectations and
                                                                                      long-term business priorities.




Sustainability topics
As part of our commitment to sustainability, we identified the issues most relevant to our stakeholders and business
and developed a list of key sustainability topics for evaluation and prioritization, ensuring our strategy focuses on
areas that drive the greatest impact and long-term value.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Aspect         Sustainability Topic

                                                                   Cybersecurity
                                                    Security
                                                                   Customer Data Privacy


                                                                   Service Excellence

                                                                   Customer Health and Safety

                                                                   Service Reliability and Coverage
                                                    Customer and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Service
                                                                   Service Innovation

                                                                   Understanding Customer Needs and Engaging Customers

                                                                   Responsible Advertising and Communication


                                                                   Staff Development and Retention
                                               34   Employee
                                                                   Staff Well-being
                                                    Relations
                                                                   Fairly Rewarded Remuneration


                                                                   Climate Resilience

                                                    Climate and
                                                                   Waste Management and Recycling
                                                    Resources
                                                                   Green Products and Solutions


                                                                   Supply Chain Management
                                                    Supply Chain
                                                    Management
                                                                   Procurement Process


                                                                   Anti-corruption and Business Integrity

                                                                   Anti-competitive Behavior
                                                    Corporate
                                                    Governance
                                                                   Risk Management

                                                                   Operational and Cost Efficiency


                                                                   Community Investment

                                                                   Human Rights
                                                    Community
                                                                   Diversity and Inclusion

                                                                   Responsible Use of Technology
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Materiality matrix
The below figure summarizes the material sustainability topics, according to their importance to stakeholders and
impact on businesses. This analysis is crucial for the company to strategize its ESG priorities, ensuring that the most
critical areas are addressed first.

By setting up a comprehensive performance matrix, the company can effectively track progress and measure
the impact of its initiatives. Additionally, this framework will help identify areas for improvement and guide the
implementation of targeted steps to enhance overall sustainability performance.

                                                                                                                                      Service
                                                                                                                                     Excellence
                                                                                                              Service Reliability                 Customer
                                                                                                                 and Coverage                     Data Privacy
 High                                                                                                                Understanding
                                                                   Staff Well-being                             Customer Needs and                Cybersecurity
                                                                                            Customer Health     Engaging Customers
                                                                                              and Safety

                                             Responsible Advertising                       Green Products
                                                and Communication                          and Solutions




                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                                                        Staff Development
                                                                                           Fairly Rewarded                and Retention
                                                                                           Remuneration
                                                                                                                 Service
                                                                                           Responsible Use     Innovation
                                                                                           of Technology
                                                                                                                                                                  35




 IMPORTANCE ON STAKEHOLDERS
                                                     Diversity                                                            Operational and
                                                   and Inclusion                                                          Cost Efficiency


                                                                    Waste Management
                                                                      and Recycling


                                                                                                                       Anti-corruption and
                                                                                                                        Business Integrity
                                              Supply Chain         Procurement
                                              Management              Process

                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                                                                                                                    Management

                                                                     Climate Resilience
                                              Human Rights
                                                               Anti-competitive
                                                                      Behavior




                                          Community
                                          Investment



   Low                                                                       IMPACT ON SMARTONE                                            High


                              Security                                        Customer and Service                          Employee Relations
                              Climate and Resources                           Supply Chain Management                       Corporate Governance

                              Community
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Sustainability framework
                                                    SmarTone is committed to sustainability development, and our sustainability framework aligns with the United Nations
                                                    Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG), particularly those that hold the highest relevance to our operations and
                                                    impact. Our framework is built on three core pillars: Environment, Governance and Social. By integrating these pillars
                                                    into our business strategy, we aim to drive positive change and create long-term value for our stakeholders.

                                                     Pillars                      Material Topics                                           Mapping to the UNSDGs


                                                                                     Cybersecurity
                                                                                     Customer Data Privacy
                                                                                     Supply Chain Management




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Procurement Process
                                                      Governance                     Anti‑corruption & Business Integrity
                                                                                     Anti‑competitive Behavior
                                                                                     Risk Management
                                                                                     Operational & Cost Efficiency
                                                                                     Responsible Use of Technology


                                                                                     Service Excellence
                                               36
                                                                                     Customer Health & Safety
                                                                                     Service Reliability & Coverage
                                                                                     Service Innovation
                                                                                     Understanding Customer Needs &
                                                                                     Engaging Customers
                                                      Social                         Responsible Advertising & Communication
                                                                                     Staff Development & Retention
                                                                                     Staff Well being
                                                                                     Fairly Rewarded Remuneration
                                                                                     Community Investment
                                                                                     Human Rights
                                                                                     Diversity & Inclusion




                                                                                     Climate Resilience
                                                      Environment                    Waste Management & Recycling
                                                                                     Green Products & Solutions
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Customer service and satisfaction
SmarTone puts customer value and service excellence at the heart of everything we do, delivering positive outcomes
for our stakeholders and the wider community. Our recent accolades affirm our steady progress in ESG performance,
underscoring robust ESG integration, strong cybersecurity governance, and trusted brand stewardship. They also
recognize our engaged, service‑driven culture.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, the Group received the following prestigious awards:



  Data privacy &                     Cyber Security Staff Awareness Recognition Scheme 2024
  cybersecurity                      HKIRC & ISACA China Hong Kong Chapter
  governance                           — Platinum Tier


                                     ESG Pledge Scheme 2025
                                     The Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong
                                       — ESG Pledge




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  ESG governance &
  commitments
                                     Caring Company Scheme
                                     The Hong Kong Council of Social Service
                                                                                                                     37
                                       — 20 Years Plus Caring Company


                                     Kantar BrandZ Top 30 Strongest Brands in Hong Kong
                                     Kantar
                                       — Strongest Communications Brand in Hong Kong
                                       — Top 10 Strongest Brands in Hong Kong


                                     The 56th Distinguished Salesperson Award
                                     The Hong Kong Management Association
                                       — Distinguished Salesperson Award


                                     2024 Service Talent Award
                                     Hong Kong Retail Management Association
                                       — Outstanding Flagship Service Brand
  Product
  responsibility
                                     Quality E-Shop Recognition Scheme
                                     Hong Kong Retail Management Association
                                       — 2024 Top 10 Quality Trusted E-Shops


                                     O2O Customer Experience Recognition
                                     Hong Kong Retail Management Association
                                       — 2024 Top 10 O2O Retail Brand Award


                                     e-zone eBrand Awards 2024
                                     e-zone
                                       — The Best Family Communication Solution
                                       — The Best Global Roaming Service
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Responding to customers’ feedback
                                                    SmarTone treasures customers’ feedback on our network and service, which drives us to continuously improve and
                                                    give us valuable insights for future development. There are many channels for the customers to voice their opinion,
                                                    including 24/7 sales and service hotlines, 24-hour online live chat, online feedback/complaint/enquiry forms via
                                                    website or mobile apps, etc.

                                                    Our customer service representatives will handle the feedback and complaint cases timely and professionally. All
                                                    frontline and customer service representatives have received proper training to handle customer complaints and
                                                    enquiries. There is established guideline in place so that complaint or enquiry cases can be treated in a consistent
                                                    manner. After all, customers’ satisfaction is our utmost priority.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Customer Complaint Settlement Scheme
                                                    SmarTone is a member of the Customer Compliant Settlement Scheme (CCSS), a mediation scheme set up by the
                                                    telecommunications industry to help resolve billing disputes in deadlock between telecommunications service providers
                                                    and their customers. The mediation service is provided by an agency (CCSS Agent) set up under the Communications
                                                    Association of Hong Kong (CAHK), an industry association representing the communications sector in Hong Kong.

                                                    Customers who choose to use the mediation service under the CCSS may first contact the Office of the
                                                    Communications Authority (OFCA) which will assess the applications against prescribed criteria. OFCA will refer
                                               38   accepted cases to CCSS Agent for further handling.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Environmental protection
The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green awareness
within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to build a green living
environment. We target to achieve year-on-year reductions in total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity and
total energy consumption intensity in the long run. To achieve this, we are taking active steps, which are described in
more detail in the following sections.


Emissions
Electricity is the key source of energy for our business and our major source of greenhouse gas emissions. Other minor
sources of emissions include our transport vehicles and standby emergency generators.

SmarTone has successfully improved its energy efficiency by deploying the latest technologies in its mobile network.
By modernizing base station hardware and software, we achieved a 25% energy efficiency improvement. Additionally,
SmarTone utilized an AI-based solution to dynamically adjust power consumption based on traffic pattern, resulting
in a further 11% energy efficiency gain without compromising network performance. This combined effort has led to




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
an impressive overall energy efficiency improvement of 36%, demonstrating SmarTone’s commitment to sustainability
and minimizing energy consumption.

While the new energy-efficient technology is being progressively deployed across our network in line with the upgrade
plan and technology evolution, we nonetheless achieved a notable improvement in mobile network data energy                 39
efficiency during the year under review. Measured by the volume of data transmitted per unit of electricity consumed,
energy efficiency across the Company’s entire network increased from 6.12 GByte/kWh for the year ended 30 June
2024 to 6.76 GByte/kWh for the year ended 30 June 2025. This improvement is particularly significant given the surge
in packet volume during the year driven by network expansion and increased customer usage. It is estimated that this
enhancement in energy efficiency corresponds to a reduction of approximately 5,120 tonnes of CO2e emissions.

For switching centers, we replaced traditional chiller systems with Oil-Free Variable Speed chillers which could achieve
30%-50% efficiency improvement. We also optimized the ambient temperature of our data center for maximum
energy saving while keeping healthy operations of the servers and devices.

SmarTone recently introduced a new carbon film coating technology on the condensers of our chiller units. This
innovative coating has delivered measurable environmental benefits, improving the Coefficient of Performance (COP)
by 6.15% and reducing power consumption by 6%. The carbon-based coating enhances heat dissipation through
improved thermal conductivity, allowing the chiller units to operate more efficiently. This not only lowers the energy
required to cool our facilities, but also increases the longevity of the chiller equipment, reducing maintenance costs.
These upgrades demonstrate SmarTone’s commitment to implementing sustainable technologies that reduce our
environmental footprint.

All these measures will reduce much of the carbon emissions from the equipment in and air-conditioning for the base
stations, switching centers and data center.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    By the nature of our business, the discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous
                                                    waste during our course of operations is minimal. To further reduce the possibility of inadvertent discharge of
                                                    hazardous waste, starting from 2021, SmarTone partnered with Hong Kong Battery Recycle Centre Limited (HKBR) for
                                                    the recycling of all Waste Lead Acid Batteries (WLAB) disposed of from the switching centers and data center. HKBR is
                                                    the first facility in Hong Kong that is licensed to recycle WLAB locally, providing the cleanest, safest, and most optimal
                                                    solution for this hazardous waste, reusing over 90% of WLAB.

                                                    Regulatory compliance
                                                    During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    that have a significant impact on the Group relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and
                                                    land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Use of resources, the environment and natural resources
                                                    In addition to our efforts in reducing power consumption by our cell sites, switching centers and data center
                                                    mentioned above, we also demonstrated our environmental concern through efficient use of resources in our daily
                                                    operations.

                                                    Our entire line of retail shops uses a wirelessly operated customer management system. Frontline colleagues use
                                                    tablets to provide services to customers, including the use of e-Signature to replace paper for contract confirmation
                                               40   and the use of e-leaflets to replace paper-based promotional leaflets. The wireless system greatly reduces the use of
                                                    paper in our sales process. We also established carbon reduction measures and progressively increase the use of high
                                                    energy-efficient appliances in our daily operations to reduce carbon emissions.

                                                    SmarTone is committed to environmental protection and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility. Recycling boxes
                                                    have been set up at major SmarTone stores, inviting the public to recycle old mobile phones, tablets, and various
                                                    accessories including chargers, cables, phone cases, and power banks. The programme partners with certified
                                                    local recycling organisation to ensure all collected items are properly handled. Since its launch, the initiative has
                                                    successfully recycled over 80 kilograms of electronic items, reflecting strong public support and active participation in
                                                    environmental protection. SmarTone also supported various environmental protection activities, such as “Earth Hour
                                                    2025”, organized by WWF and “Lai See Reuse and Recycle Program”, organized by Greeners Action. SmarTone will
                                                    continue to roll out diverse activities to inspire more citizens to embrace sustainable lifestyles.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Other examples of our environmental-friendly measures include:


                          Use energy-saving lighting fixture (LED) and electronic ballasts
                          Reduce lighting provisions in non-working areas
                          Gradually deploy intelligent fan coil units in the central air-conditioning systems to reduce
                          energy consumption
                          Install energy-saving mechanisms in certain offices, such as installing light sensors near
                          windows to dim lights during daylight hours, using motion sensors in meeting rooms to
 Energy
                          automatically control lighting, and enabling automatic shutdown of office lights and air-
 saving
                          conditioning during non-office hours
                          Encourage staff to switch off unnecessary lighting, equipment, personal computers and
                          monitors in lunch time, after office hours, while away or in meeting
                          Encourage staff to unplug all mobile phone chargers/adapters when they are not in use
                          Encourage staff to adopt video teleconferencing for both internal and external meetings to
                          save fuel/energy which may otherwise be consumed in travelling
                          Use suppliers/vendors with recognized environmental-friendly certificates whenever




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                          possible
  Green
                          Purchase office equipment with Grade 1 energy saving labels whenever possible
  procurement
                          Printing paper — select those made from 100% plantation fiber and 100% chlorine free
                          bleached
                                                                                                                          41
                          Default duplex printing for digital copiers
                          Encourage printing multiple pages on single sheet of paper
                          Use print-on-demand system so unwanted print jobs can be deleted even after being sent
                          to the servers
  Efficient use           Deploying electronic document management system to minimize paper filing and enhance
  of paper                documents sharing within the Company
                          Decline all newspaper/media subscriptions in paper form; encourage to use electronic or
                          online version instead.
                          Encourage staff to use digital presentation for meetings, instead of printing hardcopy
                          handouts
                          Use printer/fax/copier toners that can be collected/sold back to suppliers for recycling
                          Participate in waste recycling schemes for collecting wastepaper, used fluorescent tubes,
  Recycling
                          aluminum cans and plastic bottles
                          Stationeries — reuse internal envelopes and box files; encourage smart use of stationery


By the nature of our business, the usage of water during our course of operations is minimal. The Group is primarily
engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, which does not
require any packaging material. The package material used for the mobile devices and accessories sold by the Group
during the course of business is part of the products and is provided by the respective mobile device and accessory
manufacturers.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Climate change management
                                                    We recognize that climate change poses a systemic and growing risk to both communities and businesses, including
                                                    our own. Increasingly frequent and severe weather events, such as typhoons, heavy rainfall, and flooding, have
                                                    the potential to disrupt our operations and infrastructure. To address these challenges, we remain committed to
                                                    strengthening our operational resilience and advancing our sustainability efforts.

                                                    During the year under review, we commenced a preliminary climate scenario analysis and risk assessment to deepen
                                                    our understanding of climate-related exposures and strengthen our preparedness for long-term impacts. In parallel,
                                                    we began evaluating our Scope 3 emissions by identifying the most material categories through internal stakeholder
                                                    engagement and desktop research. This process included assessing our data readiness and delivering targeted training
                                                    to relevant departments to support effective data collection. Our objective is to disclose Scope 3 emissions under




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    material categories in the coming year, once sufficient data becomes available.

                                                    We continue to implement low-carbon initiatives and environmental measures across our operations, aligning our
                                                    business practices with the global transition toward a more climate-resilient and sustainable future.


                                                    Employment and labor practices
                                                    Strategic overview
                                                    People as strategic enabler: Our workforce is the cornerstone of SmarTone’s digital and customer-centric
                                               42
                                                    transformation. We align our people strategy with our ESG and innovation goals to drive sustainable growth and
                                                    long-term value to all our stakeholders.


                                                    Talent attraction and employment
                                                    At SmarTone, we understand that our people are our greatest asset, and we are committed to attracting the best
                                                    talent in the industry. Our talent attraction strategy is designed to identify and engage top candidates who align with
                                                    our company values and culture.

                                                      Branding:
                                                      We maintain a strong employer brand to position SmarTone as an employer of choice. This includes showcasing
                                                      our positive work environment, and commitment to employee development on platforms such as LinkedIn.

                                                      Remuneration:
                                                      We offer competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages to attract high-caliber professionals. We
                                                      regularly review our compensation structures to ensure they remain attractive and fair.

                                                      Benefits:
                                                      Our benefits program includes health insurance, wellness initiatives, flexible working arrangements, family leaves,
                                                      birthday leaves and other perks that enhance the overall employee experience.

                                                      Discretionary bonus:
                                                      We provide performance-based bonuses to reward exceptional contributions and motivate our employees to
                                                      achieve their best.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Talent development
We believe that the continuous development of our employees is essential for fostering innovation and achieving
our strategic objectives. Our talent development initiatives are designed to enhance the skills and capabilities of our
workforce, enabling them to thrive in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.

  Training and upskilling:
  We invest in upskilling our employees. These training programs cover a wide range of topics, including on-boarding
  training, technical skills, digital literacy, cybersecurity and leadership development.

  Leadership development:
  We organize regular management offsite events, where our leaders and managers come together to collaborate,
  share insights, and develop strategies for tackling the challenges ahead. These offsite sessions are instrumental in
  fostering a culture of continuous learning and strategic thinking.

  Internal mobility and career progression:
  We promote internal mobility and provide clear career progression paths to retain top talent. By offering




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  opportunities for growth and advancement within the company, we aim to utilize internal promotions to fill our
  positions. This approach not only helps us retain valuable employees but also reinforces our commitment to their
  professional development and retain the SmarTone DNA.

                                                                                                                          43
Through our 3-pronged approach to talent development, SmarTone is committed to cultivating a high-performing,
agile, and innovative workforce that is well-equipped to drive the company’s success in the years to come.


Culture and engagement
A vibrant and inclusive company culture is at the heart of SmarTone. We believe that engaged employees are not only
more productive but also contribute to a positive work environment and the achievement of our strategic goals.

  Employee engagement survey:
  To regularly gauge the satisfaction and engagement levels of our employees, we conduct comprehensive employee
  engagement surveys annually. These surveys provide valuable insights into areas where SmarTone as an employer
  are performing well and highlight opportunities for improvement. The feedback from these surveys is instrumental
  in shaping our policies, programs, and initiatives, ensuring they align with the needs and expectations of our
  workforce.

  Open communication:
  We foster a culture of open and transparent communication, where employees feel empowered to voice their
  opinions and share their ideas. Through regular town hall meetings, team huddles, and an open-door policy,
  we encourage dialogue at all levels of the organization. This open communication framework helps build trust,
  enhances collaboration, and ensures that everyone is aligned with the company’s vision and goals.

  Interest groups and clubs:
  We encourage employees to join or form interest groups and clubs based on shared hobbies and passions. From
  coffee clubs, hiking activities, badminton tournaments and running clubs, these provide a platform for employees
  to pursue their interests, develop new friendships, and enjoy their time outside of work.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                       Volunteer initiatives:
                                                       As part of our commitment to social responsibility, SmarTone organizes volunteer activities that allow employees
                                                       to give back to the community. Participation in charitable events, environmental conservation efforts, and local
                                                       outreach programs not only benefits society but also instills a sense of purpose and fulfillment among employees.

                                                       Performance management:
                                                       At SmarTone, we have a robust performance management system that aims to recognize and reward outstanding
                                                       performance while providing support and development opportunities for all employees. Our performance
                                                       management process includes setting clear objectives, providing regular feedback, and conducting annual
                                                       performance appraisals. By aligning individual goals with the company’s strategic objectives, we ensure that every
                                                       employee understands their role in driving the company’s success.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Through our commitment to a strong culture and engagement, SmarTone creates a supportive environment where
                                                    employees are motivated to excel and contribute to the company’s growth and innovation.


                                                    Diversity, equity and inclusion
                                                    At SmarTone, we are dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace that reflects the rich diversity
                                                    of our clientele. We believe that embracing diverse perspectives and backgrounds drives innovation, enhances
                                                    creativity, and strengthens our company culture.

                                               44
                                                       Gender and age metrics:
                                                       We actively track and report our gender and age demographics to ensure balanced representation across all levels
                                                       of the organization. Currently, our workforce comprises approximately 35% women and 65% men. In terms
                                                       of age diversity, our employees span from early-career professionals in their 20s to experienced veterans in their
                                                       50s and beyond. This varied age distribution enriches our teams with a blend of fresh perspectives and seasoned
                                                       expertise.

                                                       Inclusive hiring practices:
                                                       Our recruitment strategies are designed to attract and hire individuals from diverse backgrounds, ensuring
                                                       that we mirror the diversity of our clients. We use inclusive job descriptions, engage with diverse talent pools,
                                                       and implement unbiased recruitment processes. Our commitment to diversity extends to our partnerships with
                                                       organizations that support underrepresented groups, ensuring that our hiring practices are equitable and inclusive.

                                                    By promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I), we aim to create a workplace where every employee feels
                                                    valued, respected, and empowered to contribute to SmarTone’s success. Our focus on DE&I is not just a corporate
                                                    responsibility but a strategic advantage that enables us to better serve our diverse client base and drive sustainable
                                                    growth.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Employee well-being
At SmarTone, we prioritize the well-being of our employees by fostering a healthy and safe work environment. We
recognize that the physical and mental health of our workforce is fundamental to their productivity, engagement, and
overall job satisfaction.

  Safety standards:
  Ensuring the safety of our employees is a top priority. We are committed to adhere to stringent safety standards
  and protocols across all our locations. Regular safety drills, training sessions, and audits are conducted to maintain
  a secure workplace.

  Mental wellness:
  Mental health is also equally important to us, and we strive to create a supportive atmosphere where employees
  can thrive. Our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) provides confidential counseling services and resources for
  those in need. Regular workshops on stress management, mindfulness, and mental resilience are conducted to
  equip employees with the tools to manage their mental well-being effectively.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  Flexible work arrangements:
  Our flexible work policies accommodate the diverse needs of our workforce, with options for remote work and
  flexible hours.

                                                                                                                           45
  Health initiatives:
  We have implemented various health initiatives to support our employees’ physical well-being. These include
  comprehensive health insurance plans, massaging and physio consultations, that promote a balanced lifestyle.
  Additionally, we organize activities such as badminton and running events to encourage a healthy and active
  lifestyle.

By investing in the well-being, health, and safety of our employees, SmarTone cultivates a work environment where
individuals can flourish, knowing their well-being is valued. This commitment not only enhances employee morale but
also drives the sustained success of our organization.


Future workforce readiness
  AI and automation readiness:
  We prepare our workforce for the future by integrating AI and automation training, as Microsoft Copilot is being
  rolled out in the organization by phase.

  Partnerships with universities or tech academies:
  We collaborate with educational institutions to attract and develop top talent, with partnerships with leading
  universities and tech academies in Hong Kong.

  Internship and graduate programs:
  Our internship and graduate programs provide valuable opportunities for young professionals to start their careers
  at SmarTone, with over 13 interns and graduates hired annually.

To conclude, our people strategy is designed to support SmarTone’s vision of becoming a leader in digital innovation
and customer experience. By investing in our workforce, we ensure sustainable growth and create long-term value for
our stakeholders.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Labor standard
                                                    Regarding labor standards, the Group adheres to applicable labor standards and strictly prohibits the use of child and
                                                    forced labor in its operations. Our suppliers and contractors are expected to follow similar standards of labor practices
                                                    when collaborating with us.

                                                    Regulatory compliance
                                                    During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to (i) compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
                                                    working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare; (ii) the
                                                    provision of a safe working environment and the protection of employees from occupational hazards; and (iii) the
                                                    prevention of child and forced labor.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Data privacy and cybersecurity
                                                    Customer data privacy
                                                    The Group adheres to the six principles of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap.486) for protecting consumer
                                                    data and ensuring:

                                                       Lawfulness, fairness, and transparency:
                                               46      Ensuring data collection practices are legal, fair, and transparent to data subjects.

                                                       Purpose limitation:
                                                       Collecting data for specified, legitimate purposes and not processing it further in a manner incompatible with those
                                                       purposes.

                                                       Data minimization:
                                                       Collecting only the necessary data for the specified purposes.

                                                       Accuracy:
                                                       Keeping personal data accurate and up to date.

                                                       Storage limitation:
                                                       Retaining personal data only as long as necessary for the purposes it was collected.

                                                       Integrity and confidentiality:
                                                       Ensuring appropriate security of personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing
                                                       and accidental loss, destruction, or damage
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group’s Information Security Team defines the policy for protecting customer information. At the same time, the
Information Services Division implements a range of controls to secure data against accidental or unlawful destruction,
loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. This policy covers digital data in systems and end-user computing
devices, as well as the manual handling of non-digital data, such as hard copies. The policy is regularly reviewed and
updated to comply with new laws, regulations, and the current systems and technology used by the Group. The
Group implements vigorous data protection measures throughout the data lifecycle, which include:

  Data creation:
  Ensuring only authorized users can create new data, often using multi-factor authentication (MFA) to enhance
  security.

  Data storage:
  Employing privileged access management (PAM) to control and monitor access to sensitive data.

  Data processing:
  Applying strict controls ensures data is processed securely and complies with relevant regulations.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  Data transfer:
  Using encryption and secure transfer protocols to protect data in transit.

  Data disposal:                                                                                                          47
  Ensuring secure deletion of data that is no longer needed to prevent unauthorized access

Our employees routinely handle or process personal data related to the Group’s customers. They collect and use this
information solely for legitimate regulatory, customer service, and business purposes. The Group is committed to:

  Taking all reasonable steps to keep personal data confidential, disclosing it only to personnel within the Group who
  need access for the purposes for which it was collected.

  Respecting all confidential and data protection obligations as stipulated in agreements between the Group and
  third parties.

The privacy policy is part of the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and is clearly outlined in the Employee
Handbook, which all employees must strictly follow.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Cybersecurity framework
                                                    The Group has established a cybersecurity framework with the strategy of multilayer defence to protect confidentiality,
                                                    integrity, and availability of information system and data through people, processes, and technology. The layers of
                                                    defense include:

                                                       People, processes, policy, and practices

                                                       Physical security (data centers, offices)

                                                       Network perimeter security (internet-facing)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                       Internal network security

                                                       Endpoint security (workstations, servers, mobile devices, etc.)

                                                       Application security

                                                       Data security

                                                       Training and Awareness
                                               48

                                                    Information Security Committee
                                                    The Group has established an Information Security Committee (“ISC”), chaired by the Chief Technology Officer
                                                    and Executive Director of the Group. The ISC comprises heads of technical divisions and members from the
                                                    information security team. The ISC manages and oversees The Group’s information security program, including policy
                                                    development, risk management, incident response, awareness and training, monitoring and reporting, compliance
                                                    and governance, collaboration and communication, technology oversight, and strategic planning. ISC also provides
                                                    the necessary resources to support information security initiatives. It holds monthly meetings to review the latest
                                                    cyber threats and risks, assess the effectiveness of implemented security controls, and plan further improvements. The
                                                    Group has established detailed information security policies regularly evaluated by third parties or internally within the
                                                    Group.


                                                    Emergency response plan
                                                    The safety and well-being of the employees, stakeholders, and the environment are top priorities. The emergency
                                                    response plan involves participants from all levels of the organization, ensuring a coordinated and comprehensive
                                                    response. Key personnel include:

                                                       Senior management:
                                                       Oversees the emergency response strategy.

                                                       Emergency Response Team:
                                                       Participates in annual drills and is trained to respond effectively to emergency scenarios.

                                                       Employees:
                                                       Respond effectively to various emergency scenarios.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The emergency response plan outlines clear procedures for identifying, managing, and mitigating incidents to prevent
recurrence. Key procedures include:

   Incident identification: Instant detection and reporting of potential crises.

   Incident management: Swift and effective response to minimize impact and ensure continuity of operations.

   Incident mitigation: Measures to prevent recurrence and improve future response capabilities.

   Communication protocols: Clear guidelines for internal and external communication during emergencies.

To ensure preparedness, the Group conducts annual incident response drills that simulate various emergency
scenarios, including those affecting mobile network availability, information systems and data breaches. Before these
drills, the Group holds training sessions to raise awareness and educate employees on emergency response protocols.
These drills and training sessions are designed to:

   Test response capabilities: Evaluate the effectiveness of our emergency response plan.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   Enhance coordination: Ensure seamless collaboration among all levels of the organization.

   Improve preparedness: Identify areas for improvement and implement necessary changes.                                     49

   Scenario simulation: Simulate various emergencies to cover different potential crises.

   Feedback mechanism: Collect participant feedback to refine and improve the emergency response plan.

Our emergency response plan emphasizes the critical role of technology in managing different stages throughout the
cybersecurity incident management lifecycle to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our operations.
Key technological measures include:

   Extended detection and response (XDR):
   The AI-empowered XDR solution monitors endpoint devices and systems for suspicious activities and anomalies. It
   facilitates rapid response to threats at the endpoint level.

   Intrusion detection and prevention systems (IDPS):
   The systems network traffic for suspicious activity and known threats in real time. They automatically respond to
   potential threats by alerting or blocking.

   Vulnerability management tools:
   These tools identify and prioritize vulnerabilities within systems to reduce the attack surface. They support proactive
   measures to prevent incidents.

   Security information and event management (SIEM):
   The tool centralizes logging and real-time analysis of security alerts generated by different applications, systems and
   network appliances. This tool supports rapid detection of security incidents while providing automatic remediation.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                      Threat intelligence and incident response platform:
                                                      The platform aggregates threat data from various sources to provide context and actionable insights for incident
                                                      management. It enhances proactive threat identification and response.

                                                      Forensic tools:
                                                      The tools are used to analyze compromised systems and gather evidence for post-incident management. They help
                                                      in understanding the attack vector and impact for supporting incident eradication and recovery.

                                                      Data backup and recovery:
                                                      State-of-the-art data backup and recovery solutions ensure data is reliably back up and support rapid recovery
                                                      when necessary to minimize the operational risks.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Establishing effective communication channels
                                                    The Group is committed to establishing transparent and open communication channels and encourages employees
                                                    to report any information security incidents or concerns. For this purpose, the Group provides the following
                                                    communication channels: Intranet, Email. The Group encourages all employees to participate in reporting and
                                                    responding to information security incidents actively and is committed to handling all reports promptly and effectively.


                                                    Continuous risk assessment and improvement
                                               50   The Group conducts continuous risk assessment and improvement through regular external and internal information
                                                    security assessments and audits.

                                                    Continuous threats and intelligence management are also in place to tackle emerging threats.


                                                    Security training and awareness
                                                    The Group provides comprehensive security training and promotions to all staff levels throughout the year to
                                                    enhance their security awareness. These training sessions cover spear phishing, social engineering attacks, data and
                                                    privacy protection, PCI DSS compliance, web browsing security, password security, and IoT security. Staff also receive
                                                    reinforcement reminders and alerts as needed. Latest technology such as AI Deepfake and its inherent threats like
                                                    identity fraud were also addressed by providing relevant training and security tips to the staff.

                                                    To maintain their high security vigilance, all staff undergo regular email phishing simulations that mimic actual
                                                    phishing attempts. Consistent security training is offered at all staff levels.

                                                    To promote continuous security culture and staff engagement, monthly newsletters covering the most up-to-date
                                                    security threats, news, topics and tips are published to all staff.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

International security certifications
The Group has achieved ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certification for its Information Security Management System, reflecting
that our security controls and practices meet the high industrial security standards. The Group also achieved
compliance with the latest Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS v4) version. These certifications
demonstrate the determination and commitment of The Group to protect the personal and payment card data of our
customers.


Industrial recognition
The Group was awarded the Platinum tier by fulfilling all five assessment criteria in the first Cyber Security Staff
Awareness Recognition Scheme, co-organized by the Hong Kong Internet Registration Corporation Limited (HKIRC)
and the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) in 2024. This scheme recognizes the commitment
of participating organizations to cybersecurity, aiming to inspire and honour those that have excelled in maintaining
cybersecurity.


Operating practices




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Supply chain management
The Group has a fair and open process in dealing with vendors. We will conduct competitive bidding/tendering for
purchase of products and services.
                                                                                                                         51
Vendors are required to register with the Company. During the registration process, the Company collects pertinent
information about the vendors, including whether they have a green policy governing their business. The Company
will carefully evaluate the information submitted by the vendors before accepting them for inclusion on the
Company’s approved vendor list. The vendor’s green policy is one of the important factors that the Company will
consider. The approved vendor list will be reviewed and updated on a regular basis.

The selection of the supply source is determined in a fair and unbiased manner. Due considerations are given to both
technical and commercial aspects covering product quality, delivery commitment, satisfaction of service to meet our
purchase needs as well as price performance. In evaluation of our supply source, credits will be given to vendors who
have a corporate green policy for their products, production and manufacturing process in reducing wastage and
protecting the environment.


Product responsibility
We strive to adhere with all applicable laws and regulations relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
privacy matters relating to the products and services of the Group.

As holder of telecommunications licenses in Hong Kong, the Group takes proper and adequate safety measures
for the safeguarding of life and property in connection with all installations, equipment and apparatus operated or
used, including safeguarding against exposure to any electrical or radiation hazard emanating from the installations,
equipment or apparatus operated or used by the Group. The Group complies with the safety standards and
specifications as may from time to time be prescribed by the Communications Authority and any directions of the
Authority in relation to any safety matter.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    The Group strictly adheres to the requirements of the Trade Description Ordinance when conducting its business.
                                                    Internal training, delivered by legal practitioners, has been given to staff who are responsible for sales and marketing.

                                                    The Group is primarily engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband
                                                    services, and re-selling of mobile devices and accessories of other manufacturers. Due to the nature of the Group’s
                                                    business, the risks of product recalls for safety and health reasons and infringement of intellectual property rights
                                                    during the course of business are both minimal.

                                                    Regulatory compliance
                                                    During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    that have a significant impact on the Group relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.


                                                    Anti-corruption, anti-fraud and whistleblowing
                                                    All employees are expected to conduct business lawfully and ethically and are prohibited from accepting, offering,
                                                    promising or payment of bribes from or to any individuals, companies or government officials.

                                                    Employees are required to avoid any conflicts of interest, actual or potential, which will put the Group’s interests and
                                                    reputation at stake. All employees must declare to the Group any interest, direct or indirect, that they or members of
                                               52   their immediate family may have in any business or other organisations that would conflict with the interest of the
                                                    Group.

                                                    The Group is committed to the prevention, detection, response, and reporting of fraud. Anti-fraud Policy is in place
                                                    to safeguard the Company, customers, and partners against fraudulent activities like scams, identity theft, or misuse
                                                    of services, fostering a culture of integrity, and complying with Hong Kong laws and regulations. It applies to all
                                                    employees of the Company, and the Group encourages all business partners, including contractors and suppliers, to
                                                    abide by the principles of this Policy.

                                                    While the Group has set in place policies, procedures, codes and guidelines to ensure that the highest standards
                                                    of conduct and integrity are observed by employees, employees may still spot malpractice and wrongdoing within
                                                    the Group during the course of employment. It is the obligation of all employees, including contractual, part-time
                                                    and temporary employees, to report it in accordance with the reporting procedures set out in the Whistleblowing
                                                    Policy, which aims to provide a secured and confidential channel for employees to report such cases directly to the
                                                    CEO and the Audit Committee via a designated Whistleblowing Officer. We provide whistleblowing channels not
                                                    only for our employees but also for external parties such as customers and suppliers, allowing them to confidentially
                                                    and anonymously report any concerns about potential improprieties related to the Group. The Group respects the
                                                    confidentiality of any concern raised and will not reveal the name or position of the complainant in any form of
                                                    correspondence or investigation report, unless there is a need to do so by law. The Group will also take appropriate
                                                    and commensurate actions against any person(s) who take retaliatory actions against the complainant, or
                                                    unauthorized disclosure of the complainant’s identity or details of the complaint, or false or malicious allegations for
                                                    personal gain or other improper motives. Details of the whistleblowing procedures for external parties are available on
                                                    the corporate website of SmarTone.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The above-mentioned policies on bribes, conflicts of interest, anti-fraud and whistleblowing form part of the Group’s
Code of Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are required to
strictly follow.

All new SmarTone employees are required to attend anti-corruption training conducted by the Independent
Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) upon joining SmarTone. In addition, all employees are invited to participate in
ICAC’s business ethics seminars organized by Sun Hung Kai Properties Group from time to time.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. There was no
concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees during the year.


Community
SmarTone is dedicated to connecting society through technology and creating a positive impact for a sustainable and
digitally intelligent future. As a trusted partner in our customers’ digital lives, we are committed to protecting them




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
against cybersecurity risks and ensuring personal data privacy. We strive to make our network accessible to everyone,
fostering digital inclusion within society and encouraging youth interest in the latest technology. The Group leverages
its internal resources, including technological expertise, network capacity, and employees’ leisure time (for volunteer
work), to support various social service activities.                                                                      53

Cybersecurity awareness and education
Customers’ data security and privacy is SmarTone’s top priority. With the prevalence and ever-changing scams and
cybersecurity threats, SmarTone upholds stringent governance to protect our customers and have on-going education
and awareness programs in place to help our customers combat scams.

SmarTone has participated in the Anti-Scam Consumer Protection Charter 3.0, initiated by the HK Monetary Authority,
Securities and Future Commission, Insurance Authority and MPF Schemes Authority. This is a significant step forward
in anti-scam actions by establishing a collaborative framework between financial regulators, telecommunications
operators and technology firms in combatting financial fraud and scams targeting the Hong Kong public.


Proactive measures to protect customers from scams and cybersecurity
threats
To safeguards our customers, SmarTone has implemented proactive measures. In March 2024, SmarTone was the first
operator in Hong Kong to launch the “Staff Verification Code’, an anti-scam measure to help customers identify and
authenticate SmarTone staff identity over the phone.

We have also introduced ‘Phishing Alerter,’ powered by Big Data, to identify and alert customers to suspicious
messages at the network level, with no setup or installation needed. As scam tactics evolve, we offer comprehensive
support to customers with a 24-hour Anti-Scam WhatsApp Hotline for reporting and inquiries. Additionally, we have
implemented other essential measures such as officially verified SmarTone WhatsApp and social media accounts, SMS
messages sent to customers with the prefix ‘#’, and the use of official domain names ‘smartone.com’, ‘s-rewards.hk’,
and ‘smartonesolutions.com.hk’ in customer communications.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    SmarTone has also offered an all-in-one defense with our exclusive “Cyber and Voice Security”, seamlessly combining
                                                    our Data Guard and Call Guard to safeguard customers. This comprehensive solution provides data protection to
                                                    prevent leaks and intercepts junk calls at the mobile network level.

                                                    Online scams are evolving every day, making it crucial for customers to stay vigilant, not only for themselves but also
                                                    to protect their families. We have launched the “Love Protects. So Do We” awareness campaign to shield customers
                                                    and their families with SmarTone’s robust network infrastructure and advanced network protection, ensuring they can
                                                    enjoy unmatched safety and true peace of mind.


                                                    Advancing smart city with 5G and innovative technology
                                                    SmarTone continued to leverage its 5G leadership and digital innovation to support Hong Kong’s smart city




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    development, demonstrating technology-driven solutions that enhance societal resilience and inclusivity. We launched
                                                    AI workshops for customers, equipping participants with practical knowledge on generative AI applications and
                                                    cybersecurity awareness. Complementing these efforts, we expanded our educational content hub and social media
                                                    campaigns, delivering a variety of digital literacy articles and videos to promote safe and responsible AI use.

                                                    To address sector-specific needs, SmarTone piloted Smart Agriculture solutions, integrating IoT sensors and 5G
                                                    connectivity to optimize crop monitoring and resource efficiency. In healthcare, our Smart Hospital initiatives enabled
                                                    real-time patient data transmission and remote diagnostics, improving operational efficiency and patient care
                                                    outcomes.
                                               54

                                                    Digital inclusion
                                                    To bridge the digital divide, SmarTone supported the Hong Kong Society for the Aged (SAGE) Elderly Smartphone
                                                    Workshop under the Government’s “Smart Silver” Digital Inclusion Programme for Elders. These sessions equipped
                                                    seniors with practical skills in smartphone use, e‑payments, and online safety, helping reduce the digital gap and
                                                    underscoring SmarTone’s commitment to accessibility and inclusion.


                                                    Nurturing the youth
                                                    As a partner of the “Strive and Rise” mentorship programme, SmarTone provided career guidance and digital skills
                                                    training to underprivileged youth through mentorship sessions and STEM‑focused workshops.

                                                    In addition, SmarTone joined the annual ICT Day organised by the Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK)
                                                    to ignite young people’s interest in technology. We hosted students from FDBWA Szeto Ho Secondary School for an
                                                    immersive mobile and AI technology journey, offering firsthand exposure to the infrastructure powering Hong Kong’s
                                                    connectivity.
        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Supporting charities
SmarTone promoted mental health awareness by supporting the Suicide Prevention Services, providing connectivity
sponsorship for its consultation services. We also backed UNICEF’s emergency relief efforts during the Myanmar
earthquake by delivering app push messages that encouraged donations, helping raise funds for lifesaving supplies
and global child welfare. These initiatives underscore SmarTone’s commitment to community wellbeing, inclusion, and
positive social impact.

In addition, SmarTone champions charity events and fundraising initiatives across Hong Kong, reinforcing our
longstanding commitment to social responsibility. We encourage employees to join major events such as the Hong
Kong Cyclothon and the Community Chest Corporate Challenge, fostering a strong culture of giving back.


SmarTone Volunteer Service Team
SmarTone actively promotes a culture of volunteerism as a core element of our social responsibility strategy. Through
the SmarTone Volunteer Service Team, coordinated by our Human Resources department, employees are encouraged
to participate in a wide range of community initiatives, from elderly care and youth mentorship to environmental
activities. These opportunities allow our people to contribute their time and skills directly to the community while




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
gaining meaningful personal experiences.

Our longstanding dedication to volunteerism has been consistently recognized through the Caring Company Scheme
award, which SmarTone has received every year since 2002/03.                                                              55

During the year under review, SmarTone organized or participated in many social service activities, including the
following:

  Smartphone workshops
  We supported the SAGE Elderly Smartphone Workshop, part of the Government’s “Smart Silver” Digital Inclusion
  Programme for Elders. Our volunteers helped seniors use smartphones for everyday needs and helping the “Silver
  Generation” build confidence online.

  Meals for the needy
  Our volunteers supported for Gingko House by assisting in the preparation and distribution of free meal boxes for
  the underprivileged. Gingko House is a social enterprise dedicated to promoting elderly employment, including
  hiring seniors to work in its restaurants. As part of its social service initiatives, Gingko House also provides free
  meals to those in need within the community.

  Visits to the elderly
  SmarTone volunteers visited elderly residents in the To Kwa Wan district and joined the “Weaving Fortune Market”
  booth organized by the Sheng Kung Hui. They met elderly participants at the market, accompanied them to the
  centre for activities, and helped teach them how to use smartphones while solving mobile-related issues.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Key performance indicators
                                                    Environmental performance

                                                                                                                                               Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                                                     Unit     30 June 2025        30 June 20241


                                                    Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
                                                      Combustion of fuels in motor vehicles (under Scope 1)                  tonne CO2e                   75                 87
                                                      Use of electricity (under Scope 2)                                     tonne CO2e               56,496             56,215




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         Total GHG emissions2                                                tonne CO2e               56,571             56,302


                                                         Total GHG emissions intensity                                       tonne CO2e/              0.0128             0.0125
                                                                                                                          service revenue
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                                                    Energy consumption
                                                      Electricity                                                                   MWh             130,625             126,411
                                               56     Gasoline and diesel                                                           MWh                 288                 334


                                                         Total energy consumption                                                   MWh             130,913             126,745


                                                         Total energy consumption intensity                                         MWh/              0.0296             0.0281
                                                                                                                          service revenue
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                                                    Paper consumption
                                                      Paper consumed (printing paper used during the course of                         kg              9,347             13,175
                                                        business in offices, retail shops and stores)
                                                      Paper recycled (all kinds of paper collected during the course                   kg              7,765             14,902
                                                        of business and sent to recycling)

                                                    Notes

                                                    1.     Electricity consumption figures for the year ended 30 June 2024 have been restated to reflect enhancements made to the
                                                           methodology used in data collection and analysis during the year under review.

                                                    2.     Emission data in Scope 2 is calculated by multiplying electricity consumption and the emission factors from CLP Group or
                                                           Hongkong Electric Company Limited.
          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Social performance

                                                                                                 Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                      Unit      30 June 2025      30 June 2024


Employee profile
 Total workforce                                                            no. of people                1,190          1,225
 Total workforce by rank
   — Managerial                                                             no. of people                   324           317
   — General                                                                no. of people                   866           908
 Total workforce by gender
   — Female                                                                 no. of people                   422           431
   — Male                                                                   no. of people                   768           794
 Total workforce by age group
   — Under 30                                                               no. of people                   117           135
   — 30–50                                                                  no. of people                   715           780




                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   — Above 50                                                               no. of people                   358           310
 Total workforce by employment type
   — Full-time                                                              no. of people                1,154          1,195
   — Part-time                                                              no. of people                   36             30
                                                                                                                                 57

Employee turnover
 Employee turnover rate                                                                  %                 22%           21%
 Employee turnover rate by gender
   — Female                                                                              %                 23%           24%
   — Male                                                                                %                 22%           20%
 Employee turnover rate by age group
   — Under 30                                                                            %                 43%           38%
   — 30–50                                                                               %                 24%           22%
   — Above 50                                                                            %                 10%           14%

Occupational health and safety
 Work-related fatalities1                                                   no. of people                     0             0
 Lost days due to work injury                                                        days                   178            83

Note

1.     There is no work-related fatality in each of the past three years including the year ended 30 June 2025.
                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                    Social performance (continued)

                                                                                                                                              Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                                                                   Unit      30 June 2025        30 June 2024


                                                    Development and training
                                                      Total workforce trained                                             no. of people                 915                818
                                                      Employee trained by employee category
                                                        — Managerial                                                      no. of people                310                 283
                                                           % of employees in this category                                          %                 96%                 89%
                                                        — General                                                         no. of people                605                 535




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                           % of employees in this category                                          %                 70%                 59%
                                                      Employee trained by gender
                                                        — Female                                                          no. of people                361                 341
                                                           % of employees of this gender                                            %                 86%                 79%
                                                        — Male                                                            no. of people                554                 477
                                                           % of employee of this gender                                             %                 72%                 60%
                                                      Average training hours per employee by employee
                                                        category
                                                        — Managerial                                                    hours/employee                  5.4                6.4
                                               58
                                                        — General                                                       hours/employee                  7.8               10.6
                                                      Average training hours per employee by gender
                                                        — Female                                                        hours/employee                  6.4                6.1
                                                        — Male                                                          hours/employee                  7.4               12.0

                                                    Supply Chain Management
                                                      Number of approved suppliers by geographical location
                                                        — Local                                                                      no.                225                375
                                                        — Overseas                                                                   no.                 33                 42

                                                    Product Responsibility
                                                      Number of complaints received1                                        no. of cases                229                235

                                                    Note

                                                    1.     This represents the number of complaint cases received from outside sources including the Office of the Communications
                                                           Authority and the Consumer Council.
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025.


Principal activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


Business review
The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 11 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 12 to 14 of this
Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


(i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
     As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     on pages 25 to 26, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
     management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
     the Group’s operations and business.
                                                                                                                          59
     The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The following are the key
     risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

     Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competition, which has led to pricing pressure and
     increased marketing costs.

     Information technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
     business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
     operations and affect the service to customers.

     Compliance – The Group operates in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make sure
     that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws and
     regulations will result in legal penalties, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

     Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


(ii) Environmental policies and performance
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    (iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                         The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the risks of
                                                         non-compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws
                                                         and regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant training and guidance to staff.
                                                         To the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
                                                         regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2025.


                                                    (iv) Relationship with employees
                                                         People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
                                                         training and career development opportunities. It also recognizes good performance. It provides a variety of
                                                         activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         The Group has established a good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


                                                    (v) Relationship with customers
                                                         The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
                                                         improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
                                                         discussions, market surveys, hotlines, social media, online live chat, etc.

                                               60
                                                         The Group’s superior service has been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from
                                                         various reputable organizations during the past years.


                                                    (vi) Relationship with suppliers
                                                         The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
                                                         anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
                                                         suppliers.


                                                    Results
                                                    The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2025 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
                                                    page 94.


                                                    Dividend
                                                    The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2025 of $0.175 per share
                                                    (2023/24: $0.175 per share). The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of $0.145 per share paid
                                                    by the Company during the year (2023/24: $0.145 per share), makes a total dividend for the year of $0.32 per share
                                                    (2023/24: $0.32 per share).


                                                    Five years financial summary
                                                    A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
                                                    page 88.
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Distributable reserves
Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2025, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
laws, amounted to $741,535,000 (30 June 2024: $747,268,000).


Donations
During the year, the Group did not make any charitable or other donations (2023/24: Nil).


Share capital
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are shown in note 35 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
*    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                        **     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
      Chairman
                                                        **     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
*    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
      Deputy Chairman                                   **     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                 61


     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                            **     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
      Deputy Chairman
                                                        **     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
      Chief Executive Officer                           **     Mr. Peter Kung

     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

*    Mr. David Norman Prince

*    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

*    Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick

*    Non-Executive Director
**   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung,
                                                    Fiona, Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas, Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung retire by rotation at the forthcoming
                                                    annual general meeting. All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming
                                                    annual general meeting.

                                                    The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
                                                    Company’s Bye-laws.

                                                    None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
                                                    with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
                                                    compensation, other than statutory compensation.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his
                                                    independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                    (the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


                                                    Directors’ emoluments
                                                    The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
                                                    by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
                                                    rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
                                               62
                                                    Company are based on the terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
                                                    the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 are shown in note 41 to the consolidated
                                                    financial statements.


                                                    Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
                                                    and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
                                                    business
                                                    Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
                                                    significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
                                                    company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
                                                    interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                                    Biographical details of Directors
                                                    Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 76 to 82.
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to
the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                     Number of shares held
                                              Personal                                   Number of
                                              interests                                  underlying                         % of




                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                               (held as                                 shares held                       issued
                                             beneficial         Other                  under equity                       voting
     Name of Director                           owner)       Interests           Total derivatives             Total      shares

                                                                                                                                     63
     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          –     5,162,3371       5,162,337                –    5,162,337        0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                       437,359              –         437,359                 –     437,359         0.04

     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                             –             –               –       4,000,0002     4,000,000        0.36
                                                                                              (Personal
                                                                                            interests in
                                                                                         share options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                     146,000        11,0003         157,000                 –     157,000         0.01

     Notes:

     1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
           beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     2.    These underlying shares of the Company held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for
           the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company under its share option scheme.
           Details of these share options and their movements during the year ended 30 June 2025 are set out in the section titled
           “Share option scheme”.

     3.    These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                       corporations of the Company

                                                        (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)


                                                                                                        Number of shares held
                                                                                                 Personal                                 Number of
                                                                                                 interests                                underlying                        % of
                                                                                                  (held as                               shares held                      issued
                                                                                                beneficial         Other                under equity                      voting
                                                              Name of Director                     owner)       interests         Total derivatives          Total        shares




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond             188,743 612,087,4911      613,856,234            –   613,856,234         21.18
                                                                                                            1,580,0002

                                                              Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                 1,000              –          1,000            –         1,000          0.00

                                                              David Norman Prince                   2,000              –          2,000            –         2,000          0.00
                                               64
                                                              Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                       –         7,0003          7,000            –         7,000          0.00

                                                              Li Ka-cheung, Eric                        –         4,0284          4,028            –         4,028          0.00

                                                             Notes:

                                                             1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in 42,317,805 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being
                                                                   a founder and a beneficiary of two discretionary trusts and 569,769,686 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                                   beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                             2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                             3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                             4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)


                                                              Number of shares held
                                                   Personal                                                       Number of
                                                   interests                                                      underlying                                        % of
                                                    (held as                                                     shares held                                      issued
                                                  beneficial                  Other                             under equity                                      voting
    Name of Director                                 owner)                interests                      Total derivatives                        Total          shares

    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                   –         3,485,0001              3,485,000                         –          3,485,000                0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                           4,000,000                            –        4,000,000             8,000,0002          12,000,000                  0.51

    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                                      –                        –                     –        3,700,0002             3,700,000                0.16

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                            50,000                            –            50,000                        –             50,000                0.00




                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
    Notes:

    1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
         beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.                                                                                    65

    2.   These underlying shares of SUNeVision held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded
         for the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option
         scheme. Details of these share options and their movements during the year ended 30 June 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                                         Number of share options
                                                                                               Balance                                            Cancelled/        Balance
                                                   Exercise                                       as at    Granted during Exercised during     Lapsed during           as at
         Name of Director       Date of grant         price        Exercise period*        1 July 2024           the year         the year          the year   30 June 2025
                                                          $


         Fung Yuk-lun, Allen    4 May 2022           6.532            4 May 2023 to         4,000,000                   –                –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                        3 May 2027

                                26 May 2025          6.250           26 May 2026 to                  –           4,000,000               –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                       25 May 2030

         Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   5 May 2021           7.982            5 May 2022 to         2,500,000                   –                –                 –      2,500,000
                                                                        4 May 2026

                                12 January 2023      4.514        12 January 2024 to        1,200,000                   –                –                 –      1,200,000
                                                                    11 January 2028


         *        The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                         (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                             associated corporations:


                                                                                                                                                                    Actual %
                                                                                                                                          Actual shares        of interests in
                                                                                                                                          held through         issued voting
                                                              Name of associated corporation                                               corporation                 shares


                                                              Hung Carom Company Limited                                                              251                 25.00

                                                              Tinyau Company Limited                                                                   11                 50.00




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Open Step Limited                                                                        81                 80.00

                                                              Vivid Synergy Limited                                                        963,536,9001                   20.00

                                                              Note:

                                                              1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                                   certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.
                                               66
                                                    Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                                    interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                                    corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and SEHK
                                                    pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
                                                    deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
                                                    Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to
                                                    the Model Code.
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Share option scheme
The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company
held on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
by SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.


1. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                          Balance                                                      Balance
                                                                             as at   Granted    Exercised      Canceled     Lapsed        as at
                                           Exercise          Exercise       1 July     during      during         during     during    30 June




                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
    Grantee                Date of grant      price           period         2024    the year    the year       the year   the year       2025
                                                  $


    Director
                                                                                                                                                  67
    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964    21 April 2024 to   4,000,000         –            –             –          –    4,000,000
                                                        20 April 20281

    Note:

    1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60%
           of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
           anniversary of the date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.


    Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
    participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
    granted, exercised, canceled or lapsed during the year.

    The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
    105,898,860 on both 1 July 2024 and 30 June 2025.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    2. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
                                                        A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below:

                                                        (a) Purpose
                                                             The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives to participants to contribute to the Group
                                                             and/or to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources
                                                             that are valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of the
                                                             Group.

                                                        (b) Participants
                                                             Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including any




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                             director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who has made valuable contributions to the growth of
                                                             the Group based on his/her work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or
                                                             other relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme.

                                                        (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
                                                             The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
                                                             Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10%
                                                             of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the Share Option Scheme by the shareholders of the
                                               68
                                                             Company.

                                                             The Company may seek approval by the shareholders in general meeting for “refreshing” the 10% limit
                                                             under the Share Option Scheme. However, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise
                                                             of all options to be granted under all of the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of
                                                             the Company under the limit as “refreshed” must not exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of
                                                             approval of the limit.

                                                             The limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted
                                                             and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
                                                             Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.

                                                             On 3 September 2025, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 109,898,860 shares
                                                             which represents approximately 9.98% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                        (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                             The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Option Scheme is that the total number
                                                             of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to such participant (including both
                                                             exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue.
                                                             Where any further offer of the grant of options to a participant would result in the shares issued and to
                                                             be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
                                                             canceled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further
                                                             offer representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further offer of grant must be
                                                             separately approved by the shareholders in general meeting with such participant and his close associates (or
                                                             his associates if the participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.
                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


     (e) Time of exercise of option
          The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the Board
          but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date on which the offer of the grant of the relevant
          option is made.

          Unless otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of offer, there is
          neither any performance target that needs to be achieved by the grantee before an option can be exercised
          nor any minimum period for which an option must be held before the option can be exercised.

     (f) Payment on acceptance of option
          An option shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate of the offer letter, comprising
          acceptance of the option, duly signed by the grantee together with a remittance in favor of the Company
          of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the secretary of the Company within
          28 days from the date of offer.

     (g) Basis of determining the subscription price




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
          The subscription price shall be determined by the Board and notified to a participant at the time of offer of
          the option(s) and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in SEHK’s daily
          quotations sheets on the date of offer, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the
          shares as stated in SEHK’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date       69
          of offer; and (iii) the nominal or par value of the shares.

     (h) Remaining life
          The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
          adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2021.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee from the market at the cost of the Company and be held in trust
for selected employees until the end of each vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees
upon vesting. The selected employees are not required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares.
No new shares of the Company will be issued under the Share Award Scheme.

There were no unvested awarded shares as of 1 July 2024. No shares were granted, vested, canceled or lapsed under
the Share Award Scheme during the year ended 30 June 2025.

The number of shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was 107,171,217
on both 1 July 2024 and 30 June 2025.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
                                                    A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

                                                    (a) Purpose and objectives
                                                        The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognize the contributions by certain employees
                                                        and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the
                                                        Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

                                                    (b) Administration
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the Scheme
                                                        Rules.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (c) Duration
                                                        Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Share
                                                        Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                                    (d) Maximum limit
                                                        The total number of shares that may be awarded under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the
                                               70       shares in issue (i.e., 1,124,269,277 shares) as at the Adoption Date.

                                                    (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any employee
                                                        (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share Award Scheme
                                                        as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or allocation of awarded
                                                        shares.

                                                        The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded sums
                                                        and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number of shares in
                                                        accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such shares until they
                                                        are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

                                                        When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                        the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer the
                                                        relevant awarded shares to that selected employee. The selected employees are not required to pay any purchase
                                                        price for the transfer of the vested shares.
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


(f) Vesting and Lapse
     Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
     the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
     anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
     award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee of
     the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

     Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such shares
     for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having taken into
     account the recommendations of the Board.

(g) Voting Rights
     The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

(h) Termination
     The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date or




                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect any
     subsisting rights of the selected employees.


Interests of substantial shareholders                                                                                                71

As at 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                         Total number           % of issued
Name                                                                                         of shares         voting shares


Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                  806,362,555                 73.24%

HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                    807,292,867                 73.33%

Notes:

1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
     held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
     deemed to be interested in 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
     interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

     In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
     mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
     deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares in the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
     SFO.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
                                                    or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
                                                    Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                                    Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                                    Saved as disclosed in the sections titled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                                    “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                                    and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                                    shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                                    corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                                    a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                                    and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                                    debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                                    Directors’ interests in competing business
                                                    None of the Directors of the Company has an interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                                    Group.
                                               72
                                                    Permitted indemnity provision
                                                    The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
                                                    indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which he/
                                                    she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
                                                    the extent permitted by the laws.

                                                    The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
                                                    which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


                                                    Sufficiency of public float
                                                    Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
                                                    confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Company repurchased 1,307,500 shares of the Company on SEHK. These
repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2025. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                               Number of              Price per share
                                                  shares                                               Aggregate
Month of repurchase                          repurchased             Highest            Lowest          price paid
                                                                           $                 $                   $


October 2024                                      203,000               4.19                4.17           849,000
November 2024                                     142,000               3.97                3.94           562,000
February 2025                                     312,500               4.32                4.29         1,346,000
March 2025                                        650,000               4.22                4.19         2,731,000


                                                1,307,500                                                5,488,000




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2025 was there any purchase, sale or redemption
by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.
                                                                                                                        73

Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.


Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year.
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                    Major suppliers and customers
                                                    The percentages of the Group’s purchases attributable to major suppliers are as follows:

                                                    Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                              31%
                                                    Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                        47%

                                                    None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the
                                                    Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers
                                                    noted above.

                                                    During the year, the Group sold less than 30% of its total goods and services to its five largest customers.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Connected transactions
                                                    1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements also constitute
                                                         connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                         Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                         necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                         (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                               74              leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to
                                                               the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                               by them. During the year ended 30 June 2025, the aggregate amounts of right-of-use assets acquired and
                                                               the payments recognized as expenses under such leases and licenses were $64,702,000 and $26,268,000
                                                               respectively.

                                                         (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                               services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2025, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                               $3,679,000.

                                                         (c)   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                               associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year ended
                                                               30 June 2025, the revenue received or receivable by the Group was $5,822,000.

                                                         (d)   The Group provides information and communication technology (ICT) solutions to certain subsidiaries and
                                                               associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization, connectivity and industry-
                                                               specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2025, the revenue received or receivable was $79,895,000.

                                                         The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                         Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                         ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                         agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                         Company as a whole.
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s
     Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in
     accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

2.   At 30 June 2025, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.
                                                                                                                            75
On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 3 September 2025
                                                    DIRECTORS PROFILE

                                                    KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
                                                    Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
                                                    October 1996. He is also the chairman of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain
                                                    subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s
                                                    degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration
                                                    from Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of
                                                    Hong Kong.

                                                    Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                                    of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                                    TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of
                                                    SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai
                                                    Properties Limited.

                                                    In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.


                                                    CHEUNG Wing-yui                     Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 75)
                                                    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
                                               76   Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
                                                    Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
                                                    Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
                                                    Singapore.

                                                    Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                                    director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
                                                    director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                                    Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                                    Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of Tianjin Development
                                                    Holdings Limited.

                                                    Mr. Cheung is currently a member of the Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of
                                                    Hong Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary
                                                    council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
                                                    council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
                                                    a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
                                                    Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                                    Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                                    Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                                    University in 2016.
                                                                           DIRECTORS PROFILE

FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director (Age: 57)
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was redesignated as
Executive Director in August 2020. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee and the Remuneration
Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Fung was a visiting Assistant Professor of History
at Brown University. From 1997 to 2013, He worked in McKinsey & Company Hong Kong, where he became the
managing partner and director.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-
property related portfolio investments. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman
and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive director of Transport International
Holdings Limited.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board.
He has also been elected a professor of practice at The Hong Kong Management Association and a member of its
Executive Committee.
                                                                                                                             77

LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
(Aged 43)
Ms. Fiona Lau has been an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2023.
Ms. Lau is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries
of the Company. Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from The University of Chicago.

Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Lau was the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
and had taken up various leadership roles in business development, corporate strategy, sales and marketing, product
development and investor relations. Ms. Lau was a director of SUNeVision during the period from October 2019 to
April 2025.

Ms. Lau joined Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong) in June 2017.
Prior to joining SHKP, Ms. Lau was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held various
senior positions across the chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions during 2010
to 2017. From 2005 to 2010, she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

Ms. Lau has been an independent non-executive director of Octopus Holdings Limited, Octopus Cards Limited and
Octopus Cards Client Funds Limited since January 2025. She is also a member of the Remuneration Committee
thereof.
                                                    DIRECTORS PROFILE

                                                    CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director (Age: 64)
                                                    Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He is also a member of the Board
                                                    Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chau is a member
                                                    of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK, and a Chartered Engineer registered with the Engineering
                                                    Council, UK.

                                                    Mr. Chau has been with the Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made
                                                    Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications
                                                    technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.
                                                    Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                                    and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                                    service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                                    to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry-leading customer management and
                                                    support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                                    Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies.

                                                    Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                                    Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               78
                                                    Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK). Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the
                                                    Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.


                                                    David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director (Age: 74)
                                                    Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
                                                    Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience of operating at
                                                    board level in an international environment. He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants
                                                    (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK).

                                                    Mr. Prince is a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited
                                                    and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai
                                                    Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
                                                    Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong).

                                                    Mr. Prince served as a non-executive director and a member of both the Audit and Governance Committees at Adecco
                                                    SA, a global leader in human resources services, until his retirement in April 2024. During his tenure, he played a
                                                    key role in establishing a joint venture with Beijing Foreign Enterprise Human Resources Service Co., Ltd. (FESCO)
                                                    to provide HR services in China, and he also served as a member of the joint venture’s board. In recognition of his
                                                    contributions, Mr. Prince was honored in 2024 with the Magnolia Silver Award by the Shanghai Municipal People’s
                                                    Government.

                                                    Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                                    12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000,
                                                    he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it
                                                    was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW
                                                    to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles
                                                    for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.
                                                                       DIRECTORS PROFILE

SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
Committee of the Company. Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in
Information Systems. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson Group (until June 2018), which is a major transport infrastructure
services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
Hong Kong), and is currently a senior consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.


POON Sun-cheong, Patrick Non-Executive Director (Age: 78)
Dr. Patrick Poon, SBS, LLD, BSc, FIFA, was appointed Director of the Company in April 2024. Dr. Poon is Chairman of
Shing Cheong Charitable Foundation Limited, Harvest SCP Group Company Limited and Master Insight Media Limited.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Dr. Poon has had a 40-year career in the life insurance industry since 1972, starting as an actuarial trainee at AIA
Hong Kong. He qualified as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries in 1975 and served management and CEO positions
in AIA, Aetna Taiwan, Aetna International, ING group and China Pacific Life Insurance before his retirement in 2011.
He was Independent Non-Executive Director of Hang Seng Insurance Company Limited in Hong Kong (2012-2022).             79

Dr. Poon is a Governor of The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong and Chairman of its Foundation. He is also
Honorary Chairman of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Foundation and Deputy Chairman of The University
of Hong Kong Foundation. He is Charter President of the Rotary Club of Hong Kong Harbour and President of The
Association of Zhong Shan Siulamese in Hong Kong. He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Sinfonietta (2021-2023)
and President of the Hong Kong Professionals and Senior Executives Association (2022-2024). Dr. Poon has been an
independent consultant to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung
Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since May 2024.

Dr. Poon is a well-known philanthropist with donations mainly in the area of supporting tertiary education and
community service.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed Director of
the Company in October 1996. He is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the
Company. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of
the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
Hong Kong). He is also an independent non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s
International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

Dr. Li was a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its
Public Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.
                                                    DIRECTORS PROFILE

                                                    NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 76)
                                                    Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. He is also a member of the Remuneration
                                                    Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
                                                    China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
                                                    executive director of Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

                                                    Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                                    Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                                    and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                                    Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
                                                    from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
                                                    and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
                                                    Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                                    Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                                    from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                                    to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018, an independent non-
                                                    executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2022, and an independent non-executive
                                                    director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited from 2013 to December 2024.

                                               80
                                                    Mr. Ng was a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s
                                                    Republic of China. He was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by
                                                    the HKSAR government in 2004.


                                                    GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 61)
                                                    Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. He is also chairman of the Nomination
                                                    Committee and a member of the Board Supervisory Committee and Audit Committee of the Company.

                                                    Mr. Gan was the Chief Executive Officer of Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software
                                                    used to detect anomalous activity on networks and systems. Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd.,
                                                    the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. in
                                                    2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

                                                    Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.
                                                                           DIRECTORS PROFILE

LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 51)
Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. He graduated with Bachelor’s and Master’s
degrees in Law with honours from Oxford University, and with a Bachelor’s degree in Finance, magna cum laude,
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was both a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a
Benjamin Franklin Scholar. Mr. Lam is currently CEO of Two Sigma Asia-Pacific, overseeing strategies and operations
of Two Sigma in Asia. He is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s
Asia Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before
McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is chairman of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.


LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 58)




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in
International Business from the City University of Hong Kong. With more than 25 years of experience in the IT and
telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and forward-looking business leader, with proven track
record in driving business growth and expanding the data center business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.
                                                                                                                              81
Mr. Lee was the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC until March 2025, and is currently a senior advisor to
the company. He co-founded Digital Edge DC in 2020 with an aim in transforming the data center business and
building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the
President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s management, strategy and growth in the region. In this
role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone,
Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of the company’s regional operations into its global business.
Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market
leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12 markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr.
Lee also held senior management positions at various leading technology companies, including Pacific Gateway
Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he was the founder of a consulting firm offering
strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has been a senior advisor to Sun Hung Kai
Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial
shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of
the laws of Hong Kong), since September 2019.
                                                    DIRECTORS PROFILE

                                                    Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 63)
                                                    Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022. He is also a member of the Audit Committee
                                                    of the Company. Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the
                                                    Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                                    Accountants. He is also Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

                                                    Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
                                                    Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
                                                    Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

                                                    Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
                                                    Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of
                                                    the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
                                                    Administrative Region. Mr. Kung is also a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong and the
                                                    chairman of its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

                                                    Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited,
                                                    Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) and CCB
                                                    International (Holdings) Limited. Mr. Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM,
                                               82
                                                    and a director of CUHK Medical Centre Limited and the chairman of its Audit and Risk Management Committee. He
                                                    has been a China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                                    Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
                                                    Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since October 2019.
                                                                                     DIRECTORS PROFILE

Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in the last three years in any other public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or
overseas; (2) do not hold any other positions in the Company or its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any
Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, and Mr. Chau
Kam-kun, Stephen), and there is no fixed term for their service with the Company. Their terms of service are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. They are entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies
listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her service as an Executive Director
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject
to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
performance bonus the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Lau’s term of
service as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings
in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined
by the Board under the authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment
based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his service as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus the computation of which is based on his performance and the profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau          83
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s term of service as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing
market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2025 are disclosed in note 41 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2025 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 63 to 66 of this Annual Report.


Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.
                                                    STAFF ENGAGEMENT

                                                    1. Nurturing Talents
                                                      SmarTone continues to invest in developing its people through structured learning and development initiatives.
                                                      Over the past year, employees participated in training across technical skills, digital literacy, cybersecurity, and
                                                      leadership, supported by cross-functional collaboration programs and targeted skill-building workshops.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    2. Supporting Our Staff
                                                      SmarTone fosters a balanced and supportive workplace through initiatives that prioritize wellness, continuous
                                                      learning, and employee engagement. Activities such as festive celebrations, experience-sharing sessions, and the
                                                      running club contribute to overall well-being, strengthen team spirit, and cultivate a culture of connection. These
                                                      efforts also encourage open dialogue and knowledge exchange across the organization.
                                               84
                                                         COMMUNITY INITIATIVES

1. Green 5G Network
    SmarTone is committed to environmental protection and advancing sustainable living. By utilizing AI in our
    mobile network and dynamically and proactively optimize network resources. Together with advanced equipment
    upgrades and smart cooling technologies, these initiatives have delivered an impressive 36% improvement
    in overall energy efficiency without compromising network performance, compared to a no savings baseline,
    resulting in a reduction of approximately 5,120 tonnes of CO2 emissions.

    In addition, our Mobile Network Data Energy Efficiency continues to rise, achieving a 10% year‑on‑year
    improvement, enabling us to transfer more data with less energy. This reflects our unwavering commitment to
    building a greener, smarter, and more efficient mobile network for the future.

    New Technology Equipment             Smart Cooling Technology            AI/ML Based Optimization




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                                                  85




                                Overall Network Energy Efficiency
Energy Efficiency



                                                          36%



         With Energy Saving     Without Energy Saving                                                    Time



    Mobile Network Data Energy Efficiency                                  CO2 Emissions




                               10% YoY                                               5,120 tonnes
                                                    COMMUNITY INITIATIVES

                                                    2. Enhancing Cybersecurity Awareness
                                                      SmarTone remains steadfast in its commitment to protecting customers and their families amid the rising threat
                                                      of cybercrime. To reinforce the importance of digital vigilance, the company launched a public awareness
                                                      campaign titled “Love Protects, So Do We.” The initiative underscores the growing impact of cyber threats
                                                      and highlights the vulnerability of family members, particularly the elderly and children, while empowering the
                                                      community to stay safe online.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                      Building on its robust network infrastructure, SmarTone introduced five essential measures to deliver unmatched
                                               86     security and peace of mind. These include Hong Kong’s first Staff Verification Code, which enables customers to
                                                      authenticate SmarTone representatives during phone interactions, and a 24-hour Anti-Scam WhatsApp Hotline
                                                      that provides expert assistance in verifying suspicious calls, messages, websites, or other online traps.




                                                                                                                               24/7 dedicated Anti-Scam
                                                                                                                                 WhatsApp hotline to
                                                                                                                                  outsmart scammers
                                                          COMMUNITY INITIATIVES

3. Environmental Protection
  SmarTone promotes environmental protection through various green initiatives. Under the theme “Live SmarT ∙
  Rebirth Our Planet ∙ Together for Change,” recycling boxes were placed in our stores to collect unwanted mobile
  phones, power banks, chargers, charging cables, and phone cases. We also joined the “Lai See Reuse and
  Recycle Programme,” collecting used red packets for sorting and reuse. In addition, we supported Earth Hour
  2025 by turning off non-essential lights. The Company also earned the ESG Pledge emblem, reaffirming our
  commitment to sustainability.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                                                       87

4. Supporting the Community
  In partnership with social welfare organizations, SmarTone carries out a range of community initiatives, including
  visits to the elderly, community tours, and supporting smartphone helpdesks and workshops that teach
  seniors how to use mobile devices, helping them integrate into the digital era, stay connected, and enjoy the
  convenience of digital living while bridging the digital divide.

  SmarTone also actively participates in World Telecommunication & Information Society Day and supports youth
  development programs such as Strive and Rise, reinforcing our commitment to empowering communities
  through technology and inspiring the younger generation to explore technology and foster personal growth.
                                                    GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)


                                                                                                     2025       2024         2023       2022      2021

                                                    Consolidated profit and loss account

                                                    Revenues                                         6,253      6,221        6,763      6,957     6,720

                                                    Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders     479         470          269       423        445

                                                    Basic earnings per share ($)                      0.44       0.43         0.24       0.38      0.40

                                                    Dividends
                                                      Total dividends                                 352         353         354         332      333




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                      Total per share for the year ($)                0.32       0.32         0.32       0.30      0.30


                                                    Consolidated balance sheet

                                                    Total assets                                    11,308     11,179       10,898     12,581    10,650
                                                    Current liabilities                             (2,974)     (2,944)      (2,704)   (4,091)    (2,660)


                                               88   Total assets less current liabilities            8,334      8,235        8,194      8,490     7,990
                                                    Non-current liabilities                         (3,029)    (3,049)      (3,110)    (3,336)   (2,893)
                                                    Non-controlling interests                            –          –            –          –        22


                                                    Net assets                                       5,305      5,186        5,084      5,154     5,119


                                                    Share capital                                      110        110          111        111       111
                                                    Reserves                                         5,195      5,076        4,973      5,043     5,008


                                                    Total equity attributable to the Company’s
                                                      shareholders                                   5,305      5,186        5,084      5,154     5,119
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) which are set out on pages 94 to 164, comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2025;




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
                                                                                                                            89
•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
     explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 30 June 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

                                                    Key Audit Matters
                                                    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                                    the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                                    of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                                    separate opinion on these matters.

                                                    Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to revenue recognition.

                                                    Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                                    Revenue recognition                                           Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                  included,
                                                    Refer to note 2(y) – Summary of material accounting
                                                    policies, note 3(a) – Critical accounting estimates and •          Understanding management’s control and processes
                                                    judgements and note 5 – Revenues                                   in relation to revenue recognition and assessing
                                                                                                                       the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                                    The Group recognized revenue of HK$6,253 million from              considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
                                                    the provision of telecommunication services and sale of            and the judgement involved in determining the
                                                    handsets and accessories for the year ended 30 June                assumptions to be applied.
                                                    2025.
                                               90
                                                                                                                  •    Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                    Management’s judgement is required to identify the                 judgement on the identification of performance
                                                    number of performance obligations for each multiple-               obligations based on the contractual agreements;
                                                    element contract, assess the relative standalone selling
                                                    price of each performance obligation and the allocation of •       Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                                    revenue among those different performance obligations              judgement and estimates used to determine the
                                                    in multiple-element contracts.                                     relative standalone selling price of each performance
                                                                                                                       obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                                    Significant effort is spent in auditing the revenue                element contracts with reference to observable
                                                    recognized by the Group because of the significant                 market data; and
                                                    judgements involved in the identification of performance
                                                    obligations and the estimation of the relative standalone •        Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                                    selling price of each performance obligation to allocate the       allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                                    total transaction prices to multiple-element arrangements.         performance obligation of multiple-element
                                                                                                                       arrangements.
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
                                                                                                                             91
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

                                                    Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                                    Financial Statements
                                                    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
                                                    are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                                    opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of
                                                    Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                                    for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                                    conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                                    arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                                    expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                                    scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                                    •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                                                         fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                         sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                         resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                         intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                                               92
                                                    •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                         appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                                         Group’s internal control.

                                                    •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                                         related disclosures made by the directors.

                                                    •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
                                                         on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
                                                         cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                                                         uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
                                                         consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
                                                         are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                                         conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                                    •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
                                                         disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
                                                         in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                                    •    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
                                                         information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
                                                         consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the
                                                         group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reason ably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ka Yee (practising
certificate number: P05388).
                                                                                                                               93




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 3 September 2025
                                                    CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                    For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                                           Notes              $000              $000

                                                    Service revenue and other related service                                            4,415,349         4,508,713
                                                    Handset and accessory sales                                                          1,838,098         1,712,538


                                                    Revenues                                                                5            6,253,447         6,221,251
                                                    Cost of inventories sold                                                            (1,801,501)       (1,691,876)
                                                    Cost of services provided                                                             (395,345)         (410,387)
                                                    Staff costs                                                             6             (714,645)         (712,825)
                                                    Other operating expenses, net                                           9             (896,896)         (964,576)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                                     (1,692,851)       (1,740,985)


                                                    Operating profit                                                                       752,209           700,602
                                                    Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost              9              (50,000)                –
                                                    Finance income                                                          7               69,656            67,854
                                                    Finance costs                                                           8             (104,247)         (105,280)


                                                    Profit before income tax                                                9              667,618           663,176
                                               94   Income tax expense                                                     10(a)          (188,717)         (193,050)


                                                    Profit after income tax                                                                478,901          470,126


                                                    Profit attributable to
                                                    Company’s shareholders                                                                 478,901          470,126


                                                    Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                      during the year (expressed in cents per share)                        14
                                                      Basic                                                                                   43.5              42.6
                                                      Diluted                                                                                 43.5              42.6




                                                    The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                          $000             $000

Profit for the year                                                                    478,901          470,126


Other comprehensive loss
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                         (79)            112
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                                (1,789)           (640)


Other comprehensive loss for the year                                                    (1,868)           (528)


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to Company’s shareholders         477,033          469,598




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                                                    95




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                    At 30 June 2025
                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                                                                   2025        2024
                                                                                                                       Notes       $000        $000

                                                    Non-current assets
                                                    Fixed assets                                                        16     3,067,242   3,017,019
                                                    Customer acquisition costs                                          17        93,244      93,304
                                                    Contract assets                                                     18        41,298      27,647
                                                    Right-of-use assets                                                 19       805,416     867,416
                                                    Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                                    Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22         4,862       6,651
                                                    Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23         2,321      28,305
                                                    Intangible assets                                                   24     3,696,376   3,958,076




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Deposits and prepayments and other receivables                      25       142,031     151,420
                                                    Deferred income tax assets                                          26         7,640       3,128


                                                    Total non-current assets                                                   7,860,433   8,152,969


                                                    Current assets
                                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                           28     2,028,081   1,576,915
                                               96   Contract assets                                                     18        98,638     101,830
                                                    Trade receivables                                                   25       414,066     410,315
                                                    Deposits and prepayments                                            25       278,327     259,858
                                                    Other receivables                                                   25       138,002      83,793
                                                    Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23             –     100,817
                                                    Inventories                                                         27        87,217     107,069
                                                    Tax reserve certificates                                           10(b)     402,764     384,709


                                                    Total current assets                                                       3,447,095   3,025,306


                                                    Current liabilities
                                                    Trade payables                                                      29      351,855     366,208
                                                    Other payables and accruals                                         29      675,383     747,888
                                                    Contract liabilities                                                30      468,019     397,804
                                                    Lease liabilities                                                   31      485,400     543,633
                                                    Current income tax liabilities                                     10(b)    739,864     657,806
                                                    Bank borrowings                                                     32        4,718       2,200
                                                    Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                33      248,060     228,366


                                                    Total current liabilities                                                  2,973,299   2,943,905
                                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                               At 30 June 2025
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                           34              45,901          51,811
Contract liabilities                                                   30               8,698           8,496
Lease liabilities                                                      31             330,588         355,743
Bank borrowings                                                        32              56,882          61,600
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                   33           2,421,198       2,412,756
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             165,708         158,315


Total non-current liabilities                                                       3,028,975       3,048,721


Net assets                                                                          5,305,254       5,185,649


Capital and reserves




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Share capital                                                          35             110,095         110,226
Reserves                                                                            5,195,159       5,075,423


Total equity                                                                        5,305,254       5,185,649     97


The financial statements on pages 94 to 164 were approved by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2025 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                 Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
Director                                                Director




The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                    CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                    For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                                                       Notes       $000          $000

                                                    Cash flows from operating activities
                                                    Profit before income tax                                                    667,618      663,176
                                                    Adjustments for:
                                                      Depreciation of fixed assets                                      16      524,746      525,909
                                                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               19      605,262      644,754
                                                      Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                          24      473,333      473,333
                                                      Amortization of customer acquisition costs                        17       82,107       87,564
                                                      Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                   9        7,818        9,425
                                                      Net gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         lease liabilities, write-off of fixed assets and
                                                         reversal of asset retirement obligations                                (3,151)           –
                                                      Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost        9        50,000            –
                                                      Finance income                                                    7       (69,656)     (67,854)
                                                      Finance costs                                                     8       104,247      105,280
                                                      Share-based payments                                              6           653        1,361


                                                                                                                               2,442,977    2,442,948
                                               98
                                                    Changes in working capital
                                                      Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                         19,852          (736)
                                                      Increase in contract assets, trade receivables, deposits,
                                                         prepayments and other receivables                                      (100,446)    (121,252)
                                                      Increase in trade and other payables, accruals, contract
                                                         liabilities and deferred income                                          17,623     110,103
                                                      Capitalization of customer acquisition costs                      17       (82,357)     (79,166)


                                                    Cash generated from operations                                             2,297,649    2,351,897
                                                      Interest paid                                                              (42,735)      (37,105)
                                                      Income tax paid                                                           (103,867)    (127,892)
                                                      Purchase of tax reserve certificates                                       (18,055)      (25,159)


                                                    Net cash inflow from operating activities                                  2,132,992    2,161,741


                                                    Cash flows from investing activities
                                                      Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                      (597,471)    (601,545)
                                                      Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                       1,597        1,338
                                                      Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets
                                                         at amortized cost                                                        11,212       36,835
                                                      Proceeds from redemption of financial assets at amortized cost              62,500            –
                                                      Payment of spectrum utilization fee                               33      (244,493)    (224,999)
                                                      Interest received                                                           71,139       66,461


                                                    Net cash outflow from investing activities                                  (695,516)    (721,910)
                           CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                     Notes              $000                $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                     (5,488)             (16,676)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                         37              (2,200)              (2,200)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                 37            (625,961)           (646,067)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                       (352,593)           (353,121)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                           (986,242)      (1,018,064)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            451,234             421,767

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                 1,576,915            1,155,152
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                 (68)                  (4)




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                           28          2,028,081            1,576,915



                                                                                                                      99




The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                     For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                                                                               Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                                   Employee
                                                                                                                                                 Capital                         share-based
                                                                                                          Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption        Contributed     compensation       Exchange     Retained
                                                                                                         capital    premium        reserve       reserve           surplus            reserve       reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                                          $000         $000          $000          $000              $000               $000          $000        $000         $000


                                                     At 30 June 2023                                    110,646    1,647,004        5,393        17,519              1,127                  248     (2,613)   3,305,163    5,084,487


                                                     Profit for the year                                      –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     470,126      470,126
                                                     Other comprehensive loss
                                                     Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                       through other comprehensive income                     –           –          (640)            –                  –                    –          –            –         (640)
                                                     Currency translation differences                         –           –             –             –                  –                    –        112            –          112


                                                     Total comprehensive income for the year
                                                       ended 30 June 2024                                     –           –          (640)            –                  –                    –        112     470,126      469,598


                                                     Transactions with owners
                                                     Share-based payments (note 6)                            –           –             –             –                  –             1,361             –            –         1,361
                                                     Repurchase of shares (note 35)                        (420)          –             –           420                  –                 –             –      (16,676)      (16,676)
                                               100
                                                     Payment of 2023 final dividend                           –           –             –             –                  –                 –             –     (193,117)    (193,117)
                                                     Payment of 2024 interim dividend (note 15)               –           –             –             –                  –                 –             –     (160,004)    (160,004)


                                                     Total transactions with owners                        (420)          –             –           420                  –             1,361             –     (369,797)    (368,436)


                                                     At 30 June 2024                                    110,226    1,647,004        4,753        17,939              1,127             1,609        (2,501)   3,405,492    5,185,649
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                               For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                         Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                             Capital                  share-based
                                                    Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption     Contributed compensation          Exchange     Retained
                                                   capital    premium         reserve        reserve        surplus       reserve           reserve      profits        Total
                                                     $000         $000           $000           $000           $000          $000              $000        $000         $000


At 30 June 2024                                    110,226    1,647,004         4,753        17,939           1,127            1,609         (2,501)   3,405,492    5,185,649


Profit for the year                                      –           –              –              –              –                   –           –     478,901      478,901
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                     –           –         (1,789)             –              –                   –           –            –       (1,789)
Currency translation differences                         –           –              –              –              –                   –         (79)           –          (79)


Total comprehensive income for the year
  ended 30 June 2025                                     –           –         (1,789)             –              –                   –         (79)    478,901      477,033




                                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                            –           –              –             –               –              653              –            –          653
Repurchase of shares (note 35)                        (131)          –              –           131               –                –              –       (5,488)      (5,488)
                                                                                                                                                                                 101
Payment of 2024 final dividend                           –           –              –             –               –                –              –     (192,860)    (192,860)
Payment of 2025 interim dividend (note 15)               –           –              –             –               –                –              –     (159,733)    (159,733)


Total transactions with owners                        (131)          –              –           131               –              653              –     (358,081)    (357,428)


At 30 June 2025                                    110,095    1,647,004         2,964        18,070           1,127            2,262         (2,580)   3,526,312    5,305,254




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     1 General information
                                                         SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                         are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                         in Hong Kong.

                                                         The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                         place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                         The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                         These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2025.


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies
                                                         The material accounting policies are applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements. These
                                                         policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


                                                         (a) Basis of preparation
                                               102            (i)   Compliance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (“HKFRS”) and Hong Kong Companies
                                                                    Ordinance (“HKCO”)
                                                                    The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
                                                                    and disclosure requirements of the HKCO Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have
                                                                    been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other
                                                                    comprehensive income, measured at fair value.

                                                              (ii) Amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards adopted by
                                                                   the Group
                                                                    The Group has applied the following amendments to standards and interpretations to existing
                                                                    standards for the first time for its annual reporting period commencing on 1 July 2024.

                                                                    HKAS 1 (Amendments)                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                    HKAS 1 (Amendments)                       Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                    HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                     Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                                                                    HK-Interpretation 5 (Amendments)          Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                                                                                Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                                                                                Demand Clause
                                                                    Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7          Supplier Finance Arrangement

                                                                    The adoption of these amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards did not have
                                                                    any material effect on the results and financial position of the Group.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
     (iii) New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted
         Certain new standards and amendments to standards have been published that are not mandatory for
         30 June 2025 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group.

         HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                          Associate or Joint Venture1
         HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1 (Amendments)               Lack of Exchangeability2
         HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)               Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                          Financial Instruments3
         HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
         HKFRS 18                                       Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
         HKFRS 19                                       Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures4
         HK-Interpretation 5 (Amendments)               Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                          Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                          on Demand Clause4
         HKFRS Amendments                               Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards3

         1
             To be determined                                                                                          103
         2
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
         3
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
         4
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


         The Group does not expect that these new standards and amendments to standards would have any
         material impact on its results and financial position, except for HKFRS 18 which may have impact to
         the presentation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ending 30 June 2028.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                                                              (i)   Subsidiaries
                                                                    Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                                                    controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                                                                    with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
                                                                    of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                                                                    Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                                    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                    are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                                                    impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                                                                    necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                                    Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                                                                    consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                                                                    statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                              (ii) Associates
                                               104
                                                                    Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                                    control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                                    Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                                    after initially being recognized at cost.

                                                              (iii) Equity method
                                                                    Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted
                                                                    thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                                    profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                                    in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognized as a
                                                                    reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                                                                    When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                                    the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further
                                                                    losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                                    Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                                    of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                                    provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                                    investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                                    Group.

                                                                    The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                                    policy described in note 2(j).
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
     (iv) Changes in ownership interests
          The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
          transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
          between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
          interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
          interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity
          attributable to owners of the Company.

          When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
          control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
          fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
          initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
          associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
          income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
          assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
          are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
          applicable HKFRSs.
                                                                                                                      105
          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
          proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
          reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


  (c) Separate financial statements
     Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
     costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
     received and receivable.

     Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
     investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
     dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
     the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


  (d) Segment reporting
     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
     operating decision maker.

     The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
     performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions. Since the Group is only engaged
     in telecommunications and related services, the Group has identified only one reportable segment. No
     geographical information has been disclosed as the majority of the Group’s operating activities are carried
     out in Hong Kong. The Group’s assets (both current assets and non-current assets) and revenues derived
     from activities outside Hong Kong are less than 5% of the Group’s assets and revenues, respectively.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (e) Foreign currency translation
                                                              (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                                                                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                                                                    the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                                                                    currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
                                                                    the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                              (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                                    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                    at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                                                                    such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                                    currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss.

                                                                    Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank borrowings, financial assets at amortized cost
                                                                    and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account within “finance
                                                                    costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss
                                                                    account on a net basis within “other operating expenses, net”.
                                               106
                                                                    Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
                                                                    fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                              (iii) Group companies
                                                                    The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                                    hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                                    are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                                    •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                         of that balance sheet;

                                                                    •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                         are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                         cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                         expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

                                                                    •    all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                    On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                                                                    entities are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the
                                                                    associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                                                                    In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                                                    includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                                                    are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (f) Intangible assets
     Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization (where
     the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

     Spectrum utilization fee
     Spectrum utilization fee represents the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
     telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the present
     value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets, together with the
     related obligations. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the remaining assignment period
     from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

     The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments represents
     the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being ready for its intended
     use, is capitalized as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for borrowing costs as set out




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     in note 2(t). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended use, such finance costs will be
     charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which they are incurred.

     Variable annual payments are recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.
                                                                                                                        107

  (g) Fixed assets
     Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
     Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
     appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
     the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
     accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
     charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

     Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
     over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

     Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
     Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
     Network and testing equipment                                                                     62/3%–50%
     Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                                 20%–331/3%
     Other fixed assets                                                                               20%–331/3%

     The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
     cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

     No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
     therein.

     Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (g) Fixed assets (continued)
                                                              The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                              reporting period.

                                                              An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                                                              amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

                                                              Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                                              included in profit or loss.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         (h) Leases
                                                              An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
                                                              determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                                                              time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the
                                                              arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.

                                                              Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the dates at which the
                                               108            leased assets are available for use by the Group.

                                                              Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                                                              (i)   Lease liabilities
                                                                    Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                                                                    •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                                                                    •    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

                                                                    •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee,
                                                                         exercising an option to terminate the lease.

                                                                    Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                                                    measurement of the liability.

                                                                    The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                                                                    determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would
                                                                    have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
                                                                    environment with similar terms and conditions.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (h) Leases (continued)
      (i)   Lease liabilities (continued)
            To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

            •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the Group as a starting point,
                 adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

            •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                 held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

            •    makes adjustments specific to the lease.

            The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
            rate, which are not included in the lease liability until effective. When adjustments to lease payments




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
            based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
            use asset.

            Lease payments are allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
                                                                                                                           109
            the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
            rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

      (ii) Right-of-use assets
            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

            •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentive received;

            •    any initial direct costs; and

            •    restoration costs.

            The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives and the lease terms
            on a straight-line basis.

      (iii) Short-term and low-value leases
            Payments associated with short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets and all low-value leases
            are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms as expenses in the consolidated profit and
            loss account. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (i) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalization
                                                              The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
                                                              have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
                                                              capitalized as an asset when incurred, and amortized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
                                                              loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


                                                         (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
                                                              Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                              amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
                                                              value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                                                              at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
                                                              of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
                                                              suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
                                                              period.


                                                         (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                               110            (i)   Classification
                                                                    The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                                                    •    those to be measured subsequently at financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                         income; and

                                                                    •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

                                                                    The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                                                    contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                                                    For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                                                    For investments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
                                                                    irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
                                                                    through other comprehensive income.

                                                                    For assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
                                                                    payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. The Group reclassifies financial
                                                                    assets at amortized cost when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

                                                              (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which
                                                                    the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to
                                                                    receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                                    transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
     (iii) Measurement
         At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
         are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

         Financial assets at amortized cost
         Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortized cost depends on the Group’s business
         model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from
         these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain
         or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/
         (losses), together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate
         line item in the consolidated profit and loss account.

         Financial assets at fair value




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
         The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
         has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
         reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
         investment. Investment income from such investments continue to be recognized in profit or loss as              111
         other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

     (iv) Impairment
         The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses for:

         •    financial assets at amortized cost; and

         •    financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income

         Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, measured based on the
         difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
         flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective
         interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other
         credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

         Expected credit losses are recognized in stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
         significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, expected credit losses are provided for credit
         losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
         For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
         recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses that result from all possible default events
         over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                              (iv) Impairment (continued)
                                                                   For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                                                                   HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
                                                                   receivables.

                                                                   The Group considers a financial asset is in default when the Group is unlikely to receive the
                                                                   outstanding contractual amounts in full, without recourse by the Group to action such as realizing the
                                                                   security (if any is held). A financial asset can be classified as in default but without an allowance for




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                   credit losses (i.e. no impairment loss is expected) after taking into account the value of collateral held
                                                                   by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
                                                                   the contractual cash flows. Write-offs can relate to a financial asset in its entirety, or to a portion of it,
                                                                   and constitute a derecognition event.


                                                         (l) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                              currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                               112            on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                              arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                              in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                         (m) Inventories
                                                              Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, and purchased parts and materials are stated at the lower
                                                              of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realizable value is the
                                                              estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


                                                         (n) Trade receivables
                                                              Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                                                              course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
                                                              classified as current.

                                                              Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                                                              contain significant financing components, when they are recognized at fair value. They are subsequently
                                                              measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(k)
                                                              for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (o) Contract assets
     Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognized when the Group has performed
     the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
     payment is due.


  (p) Cash and cash equivalents
     For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
     at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
     investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
     of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


  (q) Share capital
     Ordinary shares are classified as equity.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
     deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

     Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including           113
     any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
     Company’s shareholders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
     shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
     transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
     shareholders.

     Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.


  (r) Trade and other payables
     These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
     financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
     as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
     recognized initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective
     interest method.


  (s) Contract liabilities
     The Group recognizes contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to
     an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
     to the customer.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                              Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                              subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                              and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                              effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction
                                                              costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                              case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                              that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                              services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                              cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                              extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                              transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has a right at the end of the reporting period
                                                              to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Covenants that the
                                                              Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered in classifying
                                               114            loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to
                                                              comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.

                                                              General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                              production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                              prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                              period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                              Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                              on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

                                                              Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                         (u) Current and deferred income tax
                                                              The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                                                              based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                              liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                              (i)   Current income tax
                                                                    The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                                    enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                                    and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                                                                    taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                                                                    interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
                                                                    to the tax authorities.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (u) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
     (ii) Deferred income tax
          Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
          between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
          statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
          asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
          affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
          (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
          expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
          liability is settled.

          Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
          utilize those temporary differences and losses.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
          Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying
          amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
          the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
          reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                          115
          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
          tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
          Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
          and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

          Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
          recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized
          in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


  (v) Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
     events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
     can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
     not recognized for future operating losses.

     Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
     settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even
     if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
     be small.

     Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
     to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine
     the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
     the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as
     interest expense.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (w)Employee benefits
                                                              (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                                    Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                                    made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                                    balance sheet date.

                                                                    Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not
                                                                    recognized until the time of leave.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              (ii) Bonus plans
                                                                    The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                                    consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                                                                    Group recognizes a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has
                                                                    created a constructive obligation.

                                                              (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                                    The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                               116                  for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                                    schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                                    Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
                                                                    as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognized
                                                                    as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
                                                                    are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                                    available.

                                                                    The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                                    contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                                    employee service in the current and prior periods.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (w)Employee benefits (continued)
     (iv) Share-based payments
         Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share award scheme and share
         option scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 36. The Group operates equity-
         settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
         consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

         Share award scheme
         Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
         value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognized as an
         expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
         reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognized
         over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
         satisfied.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
         The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
         treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognized
         over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to        117
         equity in the parent entity financial statements.

         Share option scheme
         The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized
         as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
         by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
         (for example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
         impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
         sales growth targets). The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over
         which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period,
         the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
         market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
         any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

         When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
         directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

         The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
         undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
         received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as
         an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
         financial statements.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                         (x) Contingent assets and liabilities
                                                              A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                                                              only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
                                                              the Group.

                                                              Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
                                                              inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognized.

                                                              A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                              confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
                                                              because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                              cannot be measured reliably.

                                                              A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                              change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a
                                                              provision.

                                               118
                                                         (y) Revenue recognition
                                                              Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
                                                              and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                              discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                              The Group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                              future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                              activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                              consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                              Revenue is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:

                                                              (i)   Sales of goods
                                                                    Revenue from the sales of goods is recognized when control of the products has been transferred to
                                                                    the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
                                                                    title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                              (ii) Provision of services
                                                                    Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                                    and facilities and is recognized when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                                    service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

                                                              (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                                    The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                                    standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                                    element provided within the bundled contracts.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (z) Interest income
     Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost and financial asset at fair value through other
     comprehensive income calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the consolidated
     profit and loss account as part of “finance income”.

     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
     financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
     financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
     deduction of the loss allowance).


  (aa) Dividend income
     Dividends are recognized as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.


  (ab) Earning per share




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     (i)   Basic earnings per share
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
                                                                                                                          119
           •    the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders

           •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                excluding shares held for share award scheme.

     (ii) Diluted earnings per share
           Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
           take into account:

           •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


  (ac) Dividend distribution
     Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at
     the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
     the reporting period.


  (ad) Related parties
     For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the
     Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence
     over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the
     party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals
     including key management or other entities.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                         The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                                                         equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
                                                         policies.

                                                         Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                         including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
                                                         reasonable under the circumstances.


                                                         (a) Revenue recognition
                                                              Management’s judgement is required to identify the number of performance obligations for each multiple-




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              element contract, assess the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation and the
                                                              allocation of revenue among those different performance obligations in multiple-element contracts.


                                                         (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                              The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                              annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
                                                              each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
                                               120            estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
                                                              economic utilization and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
                                                              time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
                                                              the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
                                                              Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                              unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                              trends and rapid advancement in technology.


                                                         (c) Impairment of fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                                                              The Group performs impairment assessment on fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                                                              when there is any impairment indicator. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use
                                                              calculations or market valuations. These calculations require judgements and estimates.

                                                              Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
                                                              (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
                                                              be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
                                                              projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
                                                              selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
                                                              the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
                                                              financial condition and results of operations.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  (d) Current and deferred income tax
         The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
         determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
         were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
         in the period in which such determination is made.


  (e) Expected credit loss (“ECL”) for financial assets at amortized cost
         The measurement of the ECL for financial assets at amortized cost is an area that requires significant
         assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour.

         Significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL. The Group
         assessed whether the credit risk of the financial assets at amortized cost increased significantly since their
         initial recognition, and applied a three-stage impairment model approach to calculate the ECL. For financial
         assets at amortized cost that are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed the ECL using a model




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
         that incorporated relevant assumptions, including Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given Default
         (“LGD”). The assumptions also consider forward-looking estimates by referencing to macro-economic
         factors. For financial assets at amortized cost classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL using a
         discounted cashflow model with probability weightings given to different probable scenarios.                       121

         Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in note 4.


4 Financial risk management
  This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
  financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
  context.

  Risk                                   Exposure arising from                            Measurement

  Market risk – foreign exchange         Future commercial transactions                  Cash flow forecasting
                                         Recognized financial assets and liabilities not Sensitivity analysis
                                            denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
  Market risk – interest rate            Long-term borrowings at variable rates          Sensitivity analysis
  Market risk – security prices          Investments in equity securities                Sensitivity analysis
  Credit risk                            Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, Ageing analysis
                                            financial assets at amortized cost, other    Credit ratings
                                            receivables and contract assets
  Liquidity risk                         Borrowings and other liabilities                Projected cash flow analysis

  The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimize
  the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
  financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         (a) Financial risk factors
                                                              (i)   Market risk
                                                                    The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                                    There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                                    Foreign exchange risk
                                                                    Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities
                                                                    denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                                    with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                    impact the Group’s operating results.

                                                                    Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                                    currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.

                                                                    Exposure
                                                                    The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk of US dollar at the end of the reporting period,
                                                                    expressed in Hong Kong dollar, was as follows:
                                               122
                                                                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                                                                   $000               $000

                                                                    Financial assets at amortized cost                                           2,321            129,122
                                                                    Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income             4,862                6,651
                                                                    Trade receivables                                                           69,547              53,030
                                                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  931,994            180,611
                                                                    Trade payables                                                             (56,642)            (66,028)
                                                                    Other payables and accruals                                                   (621)              (6,956)


                                                                                                                                               951,461            296,430


                                                                    Sensitivity
                                                                    As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange rates.
                                                                    The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from the United States
                                                                    dollar denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                            Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                                                                                 $000             $000

                                                                    US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                           9,515              2,964
                                                                    US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                          (9,515)            (2,964)

                                                                    *    Holding all other variables constant
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank borrowings.
            Bank borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk which
            is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank borrowings and financial assets at
            amortized cost issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

            The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are
            as follows:

                                                              2025     % of total           2024        % of total
                                                              $000    borrowings            $000       borrowings




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
            Variable rate borrowings                         61,600        100%           63,800            100%


            An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
            the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of       123
            borrowings.

            Sensitivity
            Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
            on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                         $000             $000

            Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                                 571                354
            Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                                 613                 17

            *    Holding all other variables constant


            Price risk
            The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
            balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial
            asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset
            value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
            manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
            that may affect the value of the investment.

            At 30 June 2025, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
            income had increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment
            revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by approximately $486,000 (2024:
            $665,000) respectively.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                              (ii) Credit risk
                                                                  Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried
                                                                  at amortized cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
                                                                  customers, including outstanding receivables.

                                                                  Risk management
                                                                  The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
                                                                  ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                  treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
                                                                  financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortized cost in accordance with the mandates
                                                                  as approved by the Board of Directors.

                                                                  The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
                                                                  Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
                                                                  does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.


                                               124                Impairment
                                                                  The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                                                                  •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
                                                                       of multiple-element arrangements;

                                                                  •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements;

                                                                  •    other receivables and deposits; and

                                                                  •    financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                                  While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
                                                                  identified impairment loss was immaterial.

                                                                  For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
                                                                  measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
                                                                  and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
                                                                  on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. Details are set out in note 25.

                                                                  The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is
                                                                  considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
                                                                  these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2025 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
                                                                  for these contract assets during the year.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          Other receivables and deposits are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity
          to meet their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model
          resulted in an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.

          Expected credit loss allowance has been provided for financial assets at amortized cost. The
          measurement of ECL on financial assets at amortized cost reflects:

          •    an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
               possible outcomes;

          •    the time value of money; and




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
          •    reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
               reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.
                                                                                                                        125
          The Group adopts a “three-stage” model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since
          initial recognition, to estimate the expected credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost. The key
          definition of the three stages is summarised below:

          Stage 1: For financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial recognition or
          that have low credit risk at the reporting date, the expected credit losses are recognized at an amount
          equal to the portions of lifetime expected credit losses that result from default events possible within
          the next 12 months;

          Stage 2: For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
          but there is no objective evidence of impairment, lifetime expected credit losses are recognized and
          interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the asset;

          Stage 3: For financial instruments in default at the end of the reporting period, lifetime expected
          credit losses are recognized and interest income is calculated on the net carrying amount of the asset,
          i.e. gross carrying amount less ECL allowance.

          Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)
          The Group assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
          initial recognition on an ongoing basis. The Group sufficiently considers reasonable and supportable
          information, including forward-looking information, which reflects the significant increase in credit
          risk. The major factors considered include regulatory and business environment, external credit rating,
          repayment ability, operation capacity, repayment behaviours, market price etc.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                              (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                  Impairment (continued)
                                                                  Definition of default (Stage 3)
                                                                  The Group determines that a financial instrument is credit impaired and in stage 3 by considering
                                                                  relevant objective evidence, primarily whether:

                                                                  •    contractual payments of either principal or interest are past due for more than 90 days;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                  •    there are other indications that the borrower is unlikely to pay, such as when a concession has
                                                                       been granted to the borrower for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                                                                       condition; and

                                                                  •    there is a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event

                                                                  Maximum exposure and year-end staging
                                                                  The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
                                               126
                                                                  Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was
                                                                  available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 30 June. For financial
                                                                  assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored them by using external credit ratings and the
                                                                  amounts presented below are gross carrying amount.

                                                                                                            12-month
                                                                                                                 ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                              Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3                Total
                                                                                                                 $000             $000          $000                $000

                                                                  At 30 June 2025
                                                                  Financial assets at amortized cost                  –               –        286,649            286,649


                                                                  At 30 June 2024
                                                                  Financial assets at amortized cost            63,876          39,824         256,870            360,570
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          During the year, the movement of loss allowances in relation to the Group’s financial assets measured
          at amortized costs is as follows:

                                                    12-month
                                                         ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                      Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3              Total
                                                         $000             $000          $000              $000

          At 1 July 2024                                     –                –        231,448         231,448
          Increase in loss allowance
            recognised in consolidated




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
            profit and loss during the year                  –                –         50,000           50,000
          Exchange differences                               –                –          2,880            2,880


          At 30 June 2025                                    –                –        284,328         284,328       127

                                                    12-month
                                                         ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                      Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3             Total
                                                        $000             $000            $000              $000

          At 1 July 2023                                     –                –        232,257         232,257
          Exchange differences                               –                –           (809)           (809)


          At 30 June 2024                                    –                –        231,448         231,448


          For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
          based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime
          expected credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent
          available financial information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at
          amortized cost under Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected
          value as a whole.

          After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
          weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                              (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                  Impairment (continued)
                                                                  The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
                                                                  amortized cost under stage 3:

                                                                                                                              Changes
                                                                                                                                 in ECL
                                                                                                                           recorded in
                                                                                                                             profit and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                           loss for the ECL balance                               Payment
                                                                                                                           year ended          as at                    Scenario terms
                                                                  Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating 30 June 2025 30 June 2025 Scenario          probability (years)
                                                                                                         % 30 June 2025             $M          $M                             %

                                                                  Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% WR                     9.1         109.2 – Restructuring    1%–98% 6
                                                                               9 June 2024                                                          – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation
                                                                  Issuer 2   28 March 2024 – 6.45%–6.55% WR                       9.1          92.3 – Restructuring    1%–98% 2–6
                                                                               7 November 2024                                                      – Straight sale
                                               128
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation
                                                                  Issuer 3   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                     5.8          56.6 – Restructuring    1%–98% 2–7
                                                                                                                                                    – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation
                                                                  Issuer 4   30 March 2028           6.70% Caa3                  26.0          26.2 – Restructuring    1%–65% –
                                                                                                                                                    – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation

                                                                                                                                 50.0         284.3

                                                                                                                               Changes
                                                                                                                                  in ECL
                                                                                                                            recorded in
                                                                                                                              profit and
                                                                                                                            loss for the ECL balance                               Payment
                                                                                                                            year ended          as at                    Scenario terms
                                                                  Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating 30 June 2024 30 June 2024 Scenario           probability (years)
                                                                                                         % 30 June 2024              $M          $M                            %

                                                                  Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% WR                       –          99.0 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 7
                                                                               9 June 2024                                                          – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation
                                                                  Issuer 2   28 March 2024 – 6.45%–6.55% WR                         –          82.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 5
                                                                               7 November 2024                                                      – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation
                                                                  Issuer 3   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                       –          50.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 2–7
                                                                                                                                                    – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                    – Liquidation

                                                                                                                                    –         231.4
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (iii) Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
          from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

          The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
          cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
          funding requirements could be met.

          The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
          meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.

          The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
          their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.




                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
          The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
          12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                   129
          Contractual maturities of                1 year    1 year to   2 years to                Total contractual   Carrying
          financial liabilities                    or less     2 years      5 years   Over 5 years        cash flows    amount
                                                    $000         $000         $000           $000               $000       $000

          At 30 June 2025
          Trade payables                          351,855           –            –              –           351,855     351,855
          Other payables and accruals             557,129           –            –              –           557,129     557,129
          Bank borrowings (include interest
            payable)                                6,500       5,524       16,571         46,040             74,635      61,600
          Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    250,472     256,598      808,071      1,729,682          3,044,823   2,669,258
          Lease liabilities                       513,744     249,051       90,489          2,817            856,101     815,988


          Total                                  1,679,700    511,173      915,131      1,778,539          4,884,543   4,455,830


          At 30 June 2024
          Trade payables                          366,208           –            –              –           366,208     366,208
          Other payables and accruals             585,754           –            –              –           585,754     585,754
          Bank borrowings (include interest
            payable)                                4,459       6,771       17,211         53,557             81,998      63,800
          Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    230,493     236,122      743,537      1,828,117          3,038,269   2,641,122
          Lease liabilities                       571,532     250,093      111,547          8,070            941,242     899,376


          Total                                  1,758,446    492,986      872,295      1,889,744          5,013,471   4,556,260
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         (b) Capital management
                                                              The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

                                                              •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                                   shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

                                                              •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                                                              The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders, comprising share
                                                              capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
                                                              Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

                                                              The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
                                                              total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance sheet less
                                                              cash and cash equivalents and financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                              Since the Group is in a net cash position, gearing ratio is not applicable.
                                               130
                                                         (c) Fair value estimation
                                                              This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
                                                              instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
                                                              indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
                                                              financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
                                                              each level follows underneath the table.

                                                              The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured and recognized at fair value at
                                                              30 June 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                                  Level 1          Level 2       Level 3           Total
                                                                                                                    $000             $000          $000            $000

                                                              Assets
                                                              Financial asset at fair value through other
                                                                 comprehensive income (note 22)

                                                              At 30 June 2025                                            –           4,862             –           4,862


                                                              At 30 June 2024                                            –           6,651             –           6,651


                                                              There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
        included in level 1.

        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
        included in level 3.




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
        See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
        no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.
                                                                                                                              131
5 Revenues
   Revenues include income generated from the provision of mobile telecommunications services, and the sales of
   handsets and accessories. In the current year, it also includes a one-off income totaling $51 million in respect of
   exiting from Macau. An analysis of revenues is as follows:

                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                                $000               $000

   Mobile telecommunications services                                                     4,415,349           4,508,713
   Handsets and accessories sales                                                         1,838,098           1,712,538


                                                                                          6,253,447           6,221,251
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     5 Revenues (continued)
                                                         The Group’s revenues from the provisions of services and delivery of goods by timing of satisfaction of
                                                         performance obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                                                              $000              $000

                                                         Timing of revenue recognition:
                                                           Over time                                                                     4,415,349         4,508,713
                                                           At a point in time                                                            1,838,098         1,712,538




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         6,253,447         6,221,251


                                                         In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s chief operating
                                                         decision-maker for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified
                                                         only one reportable segment, which is mobile telecommunications business.


                                                     6 Staff costs
                                               132
                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                                                              $000              $000

                                                         Wages and salaries                                                                640,062           638,246
                                                         Bonuses                                                                            32,700            32,600
                                                         Contributions to defined contribution plans                                        41,230            40,618
                                                         Share-based payments                                                                  653             1,361


                                                                                                                                           714,645           712,825


                                                     7 Finance income
                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                                                              $000              $000

                                                         Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                             2,442             6,937
                                                         Interest income from bank deposits                                                 67,214            60,917


                                                                                                                                            69,656            67,854
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


8 Finance costs
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                               Notes                   $000                 $000

  Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                                 2,001                2,338
  Accretion expenses
     Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                        33                 60,996                64,981
     Lease liabilities                                                           31                 40,734                34,729
     Asset retirement obligations                                                34                    527                   493
  Net exchange (gain)/loss on financing activities                               13                    (11)                  361
  Loss on early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                                         –                 2,378


                                                                                                   104,247              105,280


  Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
  allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.


9 Profit before income tax                                                                                                             133

  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                               Notes                   $000                 $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                                517,884              568,023
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                               40,567               30,979
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables                                       25                  4,504                2,970
    – Auditor’s remuneration
       – Audit services                                                                              2,053                2,558
       – Non-audit services                                                                            784                  840
    – Net exchange gain                                                          13                 (1,227)              (1,423)
    – Others                                                                                       332,331              360,629
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                                   7,818                9,425
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                   16                524,746              525,909
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            19                605,262              644,754
  Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                       24                473,333              473,333
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                     17                 82,107               87,564
  Reversal of impairment loss of inventories                                     27                   (346)              (1,671)
  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost (Note)                                 50,000                    –

  Note: Expected credit loss was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost, details
        of which are set out in “Credit risk” section in note 4(a)(ii) of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     10 Income tax
                                                         (a)   Income tax in the consolidated profit and loss account reports:

                                                                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                                                                                  $000               $000

                                                               Current income tax
                                                                 Hong Kong profits tax                                                         183,911           172,700
                                                                 Non-Hong Kong tax                                                               1,925             1,700
                                                               Under-provision in prior years
                                                                 Hong Kong profits tax                                                                –                95




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                               Total current income tax expense                                                185,836           174,495

                                                               Deferred income tax expense                                                       2,881             18,555


                                                               Income tax expense                                                              188,717           193,050


                                                               A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before income tax at the Hong Kong tax rate to the
                                               134             income tax expense as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                                                                                  $000               $000

                                                               Profit before income tax                                                        667,618           663,176


                                                               Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                            110,157           109,424
                                                               Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable)
                                                                 in calculating taxable income:
                                                                 Interest income                                                               (11,464)           (10,996)
                                                                 Net exchange loss                                                                   –                 56
                                                                 Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                      8,250                  –
                                                                 Temporary differences/non-deductible expenses                                  86,143             88,739
                                                                 Difference in non-Hong Kong tax rates                                            (803)             1,885
                                                               Under-provision in prior years                                                        –                 95
                                                               Utilisation of unrecognized tax loss                                             (3,689)                 –
                                                               Tax loss not recognized                                                             123              3,847


                                                               Income tax expense                                                              188,717           193,050


                                                         (b)   Included in the current income tax liabilities was a provision of $633 million (2024: $570 million) which has
                                                               been made on the assumption that all spectrum utilization fee and related payments by the Group were not
                                                               tax deductible. The Group is still in progress of pursuing tax deduction for these payments with the Inland
                                                               Revenue Department. At the same time, tax reserve certificates totalling $399 million (2024: $385 million)
                                                               have been purchased in this regard.
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


11 Five highest paid individuals
  Of the five highest paid individuals, two (2024: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 41.
  The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2024: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                         $000               $000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              9,515              8,282
  Bonuses                                                                                1,328                696
  Retirement scheme contributions                                                          563                511


                                                                                       11,406               9,489


  The emoluments of the three (2024: three) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                         2025                2024




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                   Number of           Number of
                                                                                   Individuals         Individuals

  $2,500,001–$3,000,000                                                                      –                  1     135
  $3,000,001–$3,500,000                                                                      –                  1
  $3,500,001–$4,000,000                                                                      3                  1


                                                                                             3                  3


12 Employee retirement benefits
  The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
  (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The
  assets of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the
  Group’s management.

  Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
  of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
  contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
  at 30 June 2025, all available forfeited contributions had been utilized by the Group to reduce its contributions
  payable (2024: same).

  The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in
  December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
  employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
  subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2024: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
  immediately.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     13 Net exchange gain
                                                         The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                 $000              $000

                                                         Other operating expenses, net (note 9)                                                (1,227)            (1,423)
                                                         Finance costs (note 8)                                                                   (11)               361


                                                                                                                                               (1,238)            (1,062)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     14 Earnings per share
                                                         (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                              Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                              •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

                                                              •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                                               136                 excluding shares held for share award scheme (note 36).

                                                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                Cents              Cents

                                                              Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                    43.5               42.6


                                                         (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                              Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                              into account:

                                                              •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                                   assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                Cents              Cents

                                                              Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  43.5               42.6


                                                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                 $000              $000

                                                              Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
                                                                basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      478,901            470,126
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


14 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                       Number             Number

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
          the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
          (less shares held for share award scheme)                              1,101,720,037     1,103,917,568
        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
          Effect of awarded shares                                                            –             2,172


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
         ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
         diluted earnings per share                                              1,101,720,037     1,103,919,740




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
15 Dividends
                                                                                          2025               2024      137
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Interim dividend, paid, of 14.5 cents (2024: 14.5 cents)
      per fully paid share                                                             159,733            160,004
   Final dividend, proposed, of 17.5 cents (2024: 17.5 cents)
      per fully paid share                                                             192,667            192,860


                                                                                       352,400            352,864


   At a meeting held on 3 September 2025, the directors proposed a final dividend of 17.5 cents per fully paid
   share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be
   reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2026.

   The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
   financial statements.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     16 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                   Computer,
                                                                                                                                        billing
                                                                                                                       Network      and office                      Network
                                                                                           Leasehold                 and testing    telephone           Other          under
                                                                                        improvements     Buildings   equipment     equipment      fixed assets   construction         Total
                                                                                               $000          $000          $000          $000            $000           $000          $000

                                                         At 1 July 2023
                                                         Cost                               253,433      156,289     9,236,096     1,268,603         272,005        154,075     11,340,501
                                                         Accumulated depreciation and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                           impairment                      (236,750)      (48,496)   (6,942,699)   (1,035,982)      (146,907)         (4,370)   (8,415,204)

                                                         Net book amount                     16,683      107,793     2,293,397       232,621         125,098        149,705      2,925,297

                                                         Year ended 30 June 2024
                                                         Opening net book amount             16,683      107,793     2,293,397       232,621         125,098         149,705     2,925,297
                                                         Exchange differences                       9          25             –            33              18              –             85
                                                         Additions                               501            –           482        91,823         26,766         508,737       628,309
                                                         Reclassifications                          –           –      428,309               –              –       (428,309)             –
                                               138       Disposals                                 (3)          –        (7,053)            (8)        (3,674)           (25)       (10,763)
                                                         Depreciation (note 9)                (7,112)      (4,341)    (405,415)       (49,199)       (59,842)              –      (525,909)

                                                         Closing net book amount             10,078      103,477     2,309,720       275,270          88,366        230,108      3,017,019

                                                         At 30 June 2024
                                                         Cost                               239,993      156,351     8,910,997     1,337,018         283,237        234,478     11,162,074
                                                         Accumulated depreciation and
                                                           impairment                      (229,915)      (52,874)   (6,601,277)   (1,061,748)      (194,871)         (4,370)   (8,145,055)

                                                         Net book amount                     10,078      103,477     2,309,720       275,270          88,366        230,108      3,017,019

                                                         Year ended 30 June 2025
                                                         Opening net book amount             10,078      103,477     2,309,720       275,270          88,366         230,108     3,017,019
                                                         Exchange differences                    (9)          (6)            –           (13)              8               –           (20)
                                                         Additions                           16,510            –           109        73,067          42,189         455,130       587,005
                                                         Reclassifications                        –            –       323,909             –               –        (323,909)            –
                                                         Disposals                              (17)           –        (6,674)          (16)         (1,951)           (757)       (9,415)
                                                         Depreciation (note 9)               (8,625)      (4,340)     (389,479)      (65,818)        (56,484)              –      (524,746)
                                                         Write off                                –            –        (2,546)          (38)            (17)              –        (2,601)

                                                         Closing net book amount             17,937       99,131     2,235,039       282,452          72,111        360,572      3,067,242

                                                         At 30 June 2025
                                                         Cost                               247,379      156,345     8,595,051     1,366,931         309,511        360,572     11,035,789
                                                         Accumulated depreciation and
                                                          impairment                       (229,442)      (57,214)   (6,360,012)   (1,084,479)      (237,400)              –    (7,968,547)

                                                         Net book amount                     17,937       99,131     2,235,039       282,452          72,111        360,572      3,067,242


                                                         At 30 June 2025, buildings with a carrying amount of $60,552,000 (2024: $62,990,000) were pledged as
                                                         security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 32).
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


17 Customer acquisition costs
                                                          $000

  At 1 July 2023
  Cost                                                  280,584
  Accumulated amortization                             (178,882)


  Net book amount                                       101,702


  Year ended 30 June 2024
  Opening net book amount                               101,702
  Additions                                              79,166
  Amortization (note 9)                                 (87,564)




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  Closing net book amount                                93,304


  At 30 June 2024
  Cost                                                  179,946
                                                                    139
  Accumulated amortization                              (86,642)


  Net book amount                                        93,304


  Year ended 30 June 2025
  Opening net book amount                                93,304
  Additions                                              82,357
  Amortization (note 9)                                 (82,107)
  Write off                                                (310)


  Closing net book amount                                93,244


  At 30 June 2025
  Cost                                                  178,248
  Accumulated amortization                              (85,004)


  Net book amount                                        93,244
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     18 Contract assets
                                                                                                  2025                                            2024
                                                                                       Current Non-current              Total        Current   Non-current             Total
                                                                                         $000        $000               $000           $000          $000              $000

                                                         Contract assets                98,638         41,298        139,936        101,830         27,647           129,477


                                                         There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
                                                         customers.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     19 Right-of-use assets
                                                         The Group leases various transmission sites, offices, warehouses, retail stores and leased lines. Rental contracts
                                                         are typically made for fixed periods of one to fifteen years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
                                                         and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
                                                         other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
                                                         security for borrowing purposes.

                                                         The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                               140
                                                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                                                   $000                $000

                                                         Leasehold land and land use rights                                                      6,000                 6,621
                                                         Transmission sites                                                                    649,344               690,937
                                                         Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 143,262               161,282
                                                         Leased lines                                                                            6,810                 8,576


                                                                                                                                               805,416               867,416


                                                         Additions to the right-of-use assets with the corresponding increase in lease liabilities and assets retirement
                                                         obligations during the year ended 30 June 2025 were $546,978,000 (2024: $758,405,000) and $880,000 (2024:
                                                         $1,728,000) respectively.

                                                         Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                                                   $000                $000

                                                         Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        613                   622
                                                         Transmission sites                                                                    504,429               536,448
                                                         Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                  98,139               105,608
                                                         Leased lines                                                                            2,081                 2,076


                                                                                                                                               605,262               644,754
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


20 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2025 are as follows:

                           Place of            Principal activities and                    Particulars of
  Name                     incorporation       place of operation                          issued share capital          Group equity interest
                                                                                                                            2025         2024

  SmarTone (BVI) Limited* The British Virgin   Investment holding in BVI                   1,000 ordinary shares of         100%        100%
                            Islands (“BVI”)                                                  US$1 each
                                                                                           US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile          Hong Kong           Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares      100%        100%
    Communications                               handsets and accessories in Hong Kong     $100,000,000
    Limited

  SmarTone                 Hong Kong           Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares                100%        100%




                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
    Communications                               Hong Kong                                 $2
    Limited

  Birdie Mobile Limited    Hong Kong           Provision of local and international        2 ordinary shares                100%        100%
                                                                                                                                                 141
                                                 telecommunications services and           $2
                                                 mobile services and sales of
                                                 accessories in Hong Kong

  SmarTone-Comunicações Macau                  Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares of MOP100         100%        100%
    Móveis, S.A.+                                handsets and accessories in Macau           each
                                                                                           MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務                The People’s       Provision of customer support services and Registered capital of              100%        100%
   有限公司#                     Republic of China telemarketing services in Mainland China    $27,400,000

  *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.
  #
         Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.
  +
         Ceased business on 11 November 2024.


  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     21 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                                         Share of net assets                                                                                   3                   3


                                                         During the year ended 30 June 2025, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2024:
                                                         same).

                                                         Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2025 are as follows:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Place of         Principal activities and     Particulars of
                                                         Name                        incorporation    place of operation           issued shares held               Interest held
                                                                                                                                                                    2025         2024

                                                         New Top Finance Limited     BVI              Investment holding in BVI    375 ordinary shares of          37.5%      37.5%
                                                                                                                                     US$1 each


                                               142       The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                         immaterial to the Group.

                                                         There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                                     22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                        income
                                                         (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
                                                             comprehensive income
                                                                Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise:

                                                                •    Equity investments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
                                                                     at initial recognition to recognize in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group
                                                                     considers this classification to be more relevant.
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (continued)
  (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
      income

                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                             $000            $000

     Non-current asset
     Unlisted security                                                                      4,862            6,651


     On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the fair value through other comprehensive
     income reserve will be reclassified to retained earnings.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  (c) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
     During the year, the following loss was recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                             2025            2024      143
                                                                                             $000            $000

     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income                                          (1,789)           (640)


  (d) Fair value and risk exposure
     The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
     dollars.

     The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
     asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

     Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

     For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     23 Financial assets at amortized cost
                                                         Financial assets at amortized cost include the following:

                                                                                                  2025                                            2024
                                                                                       Current Non-current              Total       Current    Non-current          Total
                                                                                         $000        $000               $000          $000           $000           $000

                                                         Listed investments            258,103          28,546       286,649       332,265          28,305       360,570
                                                         Less: expected credit
                                                              loss allowance          (258,103)        (26,225)      (284,328)     (231,448)             –      (231,448)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               –             2,321      2,321      100,817          28,305       129,122


                                                         The fair values of the financial assets at amortized cost are based on quoted market prices.

                                                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                  $000              $000

                                                         Fair values of financial assets at amortized cost                                      28,135           103,064
                                               144
                                                         The financial assets at amortized cost are denominated in US dollars and the investments will be held to maturity.
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


24 Intangible assets
                                                                                               Spectrum
                                                                                          utilization fee
                                                                                                    $000

  At 1 July 2023
  Cost                                                                                       6,986,541
  Accumulated amortization                                                                  (2,555,132)


  Net book amount                                                                            4,431,409


  Year ended 30 June 2024
  Opening net book amount                                                                    4,431,409
  Amortization (note 9)                                                                       (473,333)




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  Closing net book amount                                                                    3,958,076


  At 30 June 2024
                                                                                                            145
  Cost                                                                                       6,986,541
  Accumulated amortization                                                                  (3,028,465)


  Net book amount                                                                            3,958,076


  Year ended 30 June 2025
  Opening net book amount                                                                    3,958,076
  Additions                                                                                    211,633
  Amortization (note 9)                                                                       (473,333)


  Closing net book amount                                                                    3,696,376


  At 30 June 2025
  Cost                                                                                       7,198,174
  Accumulated amortization                                                                  (3,501,798)


  Net book amount                                                                            3,696,376


  As a result of the bid of a block 100 MHz spectrum at the 6/7 GHz band, the Group acquired spectrum of
  HK$210 million during the year ended 30 June 2025.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     25 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                 2025                                            2024
                                                                                      Current Non-current             Total        Current    Non-current        Total
                                                                                        $000        $000              $000           $000           $000         $000

                                                         Trade receivables            418,477               –      418,477        415,452               –     415,452
                                                         Less: loss allowance          (4,411)              –       (4,411)         (5,137)             –      (5,137)


                                                                                      414,066              –       414,066        410,315               –     410,315
                                                         Other receivables            138,002         23,860       161,862         83,793               –      83,793




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      552,068         23,860       575,928        494,108              –      494,108
                                                         Deposits                      90,530         64,773       155,303         85,628         71,407      157,035
                                                         Prepayments                  187,797         53,398       241,195        174,230         80,013      254,243


                                                         Total trade and
                                                           other receivables          830,395        142,031       972,426        753,966        151,420      905,386

                                               146
                                                         The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

                                                         The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
                                                         receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

                                                         The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
                                                         of invoice (2024: same). An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
                                                         follows:

                                                                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                                                                                $000             $000

                                                         Current to 30 days                                                                   302,753         323,423
                                                         31–60 days                                                                            17,618          14,989
                                                         61–90 days                                                                             5,090          10,152
                                                         Over 90 days                                                                          88,605          61,751


                                                                                                                                              414,066         410,315
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
   customers.

   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $4,504,000 (2024:
   $2,970,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2025.

   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                            $000               $000

   At beginning of the year                                                                5,137              6,290
   Impairment loss recognized in the consolidated profit
     and loss account (note 9)                                                             4,504              2,970




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   Amounts written off during the year                                                    (5,230)            (4,123)


   At end of the year                                                                      4,411              5,137
                                                                                                                         147
   At 30 June 2025, trade receivables of $4,411,000 (2024: $5,137,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                            $000               $000

   Past due 31–60 days                                                                       508                335
   Past due 61–90 days                                                                       580                548
   Past due over 90 days                                                                   3,323              4,254


                                                                                           4,411              5,137


   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     26 Deferred income tax
                                                         Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and non-Hong
                                                         Kong is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
                                                         respectively.

                                                         The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
                                                         offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


                                                         (a) Deferred income tax assets

                                                                                                    Decelerated              Assets




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                    depreciation        retirement
                                                                                                      allowance         obligations        Tax losses             Total
                                                                                                           $000               $000              $000              $000

                                                              At 1 July 2023                                  74                 –             6,373             6,447
                                                              Recognized in the consolidated
                                                                profit and loss account                       32                 –            (3,351)            (3,319)

                                               148            At 30 June 2024                               106                  –             3,022             3,128


                                                              At 1 July 2024                                106                  –             3,022             3,128
                                                              Recognized in the consolidated
                                                                profit and loss account                       (6)            7,540            (3,022)            4,512


                                                              At 30 June 2025                               100              7,540                  –            7,640
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


26 Deferred income tax (continued)
   (b) Deferred income tax liabilities

                                                                                                   Accelerated
                                                                                                  depreciation
                                                                                                    allowance
                                                                                                         $000

      At 1 July 2023                                                                                  143,079
      Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                           15,236


      At 30 June 2024                                                                                 158,315


      At 1 July 2024                                                                                  158,315
      Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                            7,393




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
      At 30 June 2025                                                                                 165,708

                                                                                                                   149
   (c) Tax losses

                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                       $000              $000

      Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized          65,686           165,503


      Potential tax benefit                                                           8,739            20,646


      The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits
      in the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
      indefinitely and have no expiry date. For the subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an
      expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.

      Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realization
      of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognized
      deferred income tax assets of $8,739,000 (2024: $20,646,000) in respect of tax losses of $65,686,000
      (2024: $165,503,000). Under the current tax legislation, unrecognized tax losses of $46,650,000 (2024:
      $148,057,000) related to the subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three
      years from the year in which the tax loss arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax
      legislation.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     27 Inventories
                                                                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                                                                               $000              $000

                                                         Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                   74,530            91,655
                                                         Others, at cost                                                                     14,424            17,949
                                                         Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                            (1,737)            (2,535)


                                                                                                                                             87,217           107,069




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         The Group recognized reversal of impairment loss of $346,000 (2024: $1,671,000) for slow-moving and
                                                         obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2025. The amount has been included in “cost of inventories
                                                         sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.


                                                     28 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                                                                               $000              $000
                                               150

                                                         Cash at bank and in hand                                                           120,334           101,092
                                                         Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,907,747         1,475,823


                                                         Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   2,028,081         1,576,915


                                                         Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  2,026,449         1,575,032


                                                         There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
                                                         number of banks.

                                                         Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                                                                               $000              $000

                                                         Hong Kong dollars                                                                1,091,762         1,387,647
                                                         US dollars                                                                         931,994           180,611
                                                         Renminbi                                                                             2,351             7,113
                                                         Others                                                                               1,974             1,544


                                                                                                                                          2,028,081         1,576,915
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                           $000            $000

  Trade payables (a)                                                                    351,855          366,208
  Other payables and accruals (b)                                                       675,383          747,888


                                                                                      1,027,238        1,114,096


  (a) An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                           $000            $000

        Current to 30 days                                                              175,680          146,192




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
        31–60 days                                                                       47,362           81,128
        61–90 days                                                                       38,176           52,846
        Over 90 days                                                                     90,637           86,042
                                                                                                                     151
                                                                                        351,855          366,208


        The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
        accounted for 83% (2024: 80%).

  (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                           $000            $000

        Accrued expenses                                                                345,321          349,214
        Payables for fixed assets                                                       217,170          245,699
        Receipt in advance                                                               75,600          117,018
        Customer deposits                                                                37,292           35,957


                                                                                        675,383          747,888


        The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     30 Contract liabilities
                                                                                                     2025                                         2024
                                                                                          Current Non-current            Total       Current    Non-current         Total
                                                                                            $000        $000             $000          $000          $000           $000

                                                         Contract liabilities
                                                         — Mobile
                                                             telecommunications
                                                             service contracts            468,019         8,698       476,717       397,804          8,496      406,300




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
                                                         balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $398 million, was recognized during the year ended 30 June
                                                         2025 (2024: $358 million).


                                                         (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts

                                                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                                 $000               $000
                                               152
                                                              Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term
                                                                contracts that are partially or fully satisfied                             3,905,019         4,138,995


                                                              Management expects that 61% (2024: 63%) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts
                                                              as of 30 June 2025 will be recognized as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 39%
                                                              (2024: 37%) will be recognized as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2026.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


31 Lease liabilities
                                             2025                                      2024
                                  Current Non-current             Total   Current   Non-current       Total
                                    $000        $000              $000      $000          $000        $000

   Lease liabilities             485,400          330,588       815,988   543,633       355,743     899,376


   Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                       $000           $000

   At beginning of the year                                                          899,376        786,994
   Additions                                                                         546,978        758,405
   Payments for lease liabilities                                                   (666,695)      (680,796)




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   Accretion expenses included in the consolidated profit and
     loss account (note 8)                                                           40,734          34,729
   Exchange differences                                                                 (16)             44
   Derecognition                                                                     (4,389)              –     153

   At end of the year                                                               815,988         899,376


32 Bank borrowings
                                             2025                                      2024
                                  Current Non-current             Total   Current   Non-current       Total
                                    $000        $000              $000      $000          $000        $000

   Secured bank
     borrowings                     4,718          56,882        61,600     2,200        61,600      63,800
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     32 Bank borrowings (continued)
                                                         The maturity of non-current bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                                                              $000              $000

                                                         Between 1 and 2 years                                                               3,870             4,616
                                                         Between 2 and 5 years                                                              12,327            11,611
                                                         Over 5 years                                                                       40,685            45,373


                                                                                                                                            56,882            61,600




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                         values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
                                                         non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
                                                         rates at the year end date for similar borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                                                          $000              $000              $000              $000
                                               154
                                                         At 30 June 2025
                                                         Secured bank borrowings                              –           56,882                  –           56,882


                                                                                                         Level 1          Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                                                           $000             $000              $000              $000

                                                         At 30 June 2024
                                                         Secured bank borrowings                              –           61,600                  –           61,600


                                                         At 30 June 2025, 100% (2024: 100%) of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

                                                         At 30 June 2025, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 16) (2024: same).

                                                         Under the terms of the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group is required to comply with certain covenant while
                                                         the borrowings are outstanding. The Group has complied with this covenant throughout the reporting period.
                                                         There are no indications that the Group would have difficulties complying with the covenant.
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


33 Spectrum utilization fee liabilities
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                            $000            $000

   At beginning of the year                                                            2,641,122        2,801,140
   Additions                                                                             211,633                –
   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)           60,996           64,981
   Payment                                                                              (244,493)        (224,999)


   At end of the year                                                                  2,669,258        2,641,122
   Less: spectrum utilization fee liabilities included under current liabilities        (248,060)        (228,366)


   Non-current portion                                                                 2,421,198        2,412,756




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
   Analysis of the present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities:

                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                            $000            $000
                                                                                                                      155
   Minimum annual fees payable
    Within 1 year                                                                        250,472          230,493
    After 1 year but within 5 years                                                    1,064,669          979,659
    Over 5 years                                                                       1,729,682        1,828,117


                                                                                       3,044,823        3,038,269
   Less: future finance charges                                                         (375,565)        (397,147)


   Present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities                               2,669,258        2,641,122


   Comprising:
     Within 1 year                                                                       248,060          228,366
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                     992,239          913,464
     Over 5 years                                                                      1,428,959        1,499,292


                                                                                       2,669,258        2,641,122
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     34 Asset retirement obligations
                                                                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                $000              $000

                                                         At beginning of the year                                                             51,811            63,309
                                                         Additions                                                                               880             1,728
                                                         Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)            527               493
                                                         Utilizations                                                                         (1,670)             (774)
                                                         Unused amount reversed                                                               (5,647)          (12,945)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         At end of the year                                                                   45,901            51,811


                                                         The provision for assets retirement obligations represents the present value of the estimated future costs of
                                                         dismantling and removing property, plant and equipment when they are no longer used and restoring the sites
                                                         and stores on which they are located.

                                                         The Group has been investing in the transmission and distribution network to supply mobile services to customers
                                                         in Hong Kong and Macau. As the Group expects that transmission sites being used for the transmission and
                                               156       distribution network will continue to be used to supply mobile services to its customers, the Group currently
                                                         considers it remote that the transmission and distribution network in railways and various tunnels would be
                                                         removed from existing transmission sites. Therefore in accordance with applicable accounting standards, asset
                                                         retirement obligations for these assets have not been recognized by the Group.


                                                     35 Share capital
                                                                                                                                             Shares of
                                                                                                                                            $0.1 each             $000

                                                         Authorized
                                                         At 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025                                               2,000,000,000          200,000


                                                         Issued and fully paid
                                                         At 1 July 2023                                                                 1,106,464,601          110,646
                                                         Repurchase of shares                                                              (4,205,500)            (420)


                                                         At 30 June 2024 and 1 July 2024                                                1,102,259,101          110,226
                                                         Repurchase of shares                                                              (1,307,500)            (131)


                                                         At 30 June 2025                                                                1,100,951,601          110,095


                                                         During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Company repurchased and cancelled 1,307,500 (2024: 4,205,500)
                                                         shares on the SEHK. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $5,488,000 (2024: $16,676,000)
                                                         was deducted from equity attributable to shareholders.
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


36 Share award scheme and share option scheme
  (a) Share award scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
     may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
     terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
     the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

     No share awards were granted, exercised or lapsed during the years ended 30 June 2025 and 2024. No
     share award was outstanding at 30 June 2025 (2024: Nil).


  (b) Share option scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2021, the
     Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
     subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed
     under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the share




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     options issued.

     Movements in share options
                                                                                 Average            Number       157
                                                                            exercise price          of share
                                                                                per share           options

     At 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025                                                $4.96         4,000,000


     At 30 June 2024, 1,200,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per share.

     At 30 June 2025, 2,400,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per share.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     37 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                  Bank        Lease
                                                                                             borrowings   liabilities      Total
                                                                                                  $000        $000         $000

                                                         At 1 July 2023                         66,000     786,994       852,994
                                                         Repayment of bank borrowings           (2,200)          –        (2,200)
                                                         Additions of lease liabilities              –     758,405       758,405
                                                         Payment for lease liabilities               –    (646,067)     (646,067)
                                                         Exchange differences                        –          44            44




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         At 30 June 2024 and 1 July 2024        63,800     899,376       963,176
                                                         Repayment of bank borrowings           (2,200)          –        (2,200)
                                                         Additions of lease liabilities              –     546,978       546,978
                                                         Payment for lease liabilities               –    (625,961)     (625,961)
                                                         Derecognition                               –      (4,389)       (4,389)
                                                         Exchange differences                        –         (16)          (16)


                                               158       At 30 June 2025                        61,600    815,988       877,588


                                                     38 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                         (a) Capital commitments

                                                                                                              2025         2024
                                                                                                              $000         $000

                                                              Fixed assets
                                                                 Contracted for                           149,821        30,241


                                                         (b) Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                              2025         2024
                                                                                                              $000         $000

                                                              Performance guarantees                      718,442       522,500
                                                              Financial guarantees                         20,714        14,551


                                                                                                          739,156       537,051
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


39 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.32% of the Company’s shares as at 30
  June 2025. The remaining 30.68% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.92% is held by another subsidiary
  of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company
  incorporated in Hong Kong.

  (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
       SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
       accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)                       26,268            23,066
       Depreciation and accretion expenses for land and buildings and
          transmission sites (i)                                                       95,255            99,370




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
       Insurance expense (ii)                                                           3,679             4,216
       Mobile coverage services (iii)                                                   5,822            11,581
       Enterprise solutions (iv)                                                       79,895           118,671

                                                                                                                     159
       (i)   Leases of land and buildings and transmission sites
             Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
             offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to the Group for the installation of
             base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

             For the year ended 30 June 2025, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
             associated companies of SHKP totalled $26,268,000 (2024: $23,066,000).

             For the year ended 30 June 2025, depreciation and accretion expenses of right-of-use assets and lease
             liabilities totalled $95,255,000 (2024: $99,370,000).
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     39 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                         (a) (continued)
                                                              (ii) Insurance services
                                                                   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
                                                                   insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2025, insurance premiums paid and
                                                                   payable were $3,679,000 (2024: $4,216,000).

                                                              (iii) Mobile coverage services
                                                                   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries
                                                                   and associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the
                                                                   year ended 30 June 2025, the revenue received or receivable by the Group was $5,822,000 (2024:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                   $11,581,000).

                                                              (iv) Enterprise solutions
                                                                   The Group provides information and communication technology (“ICT”) solutions to certain
                                                                   subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization,
                                                                   connectivity and industry-specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2025, the revenue received or
                                                                   receivable was $79,895,000 (2024: $118,671,000).


                                               160       (b) At 30 June 2025, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
                                                              of SHKP.


                                                         (c) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                              (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                              sheet items:

                                                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                  $000              $000

                                                              Trade receivables (note 25)                                                       73,188            63,095
                                                              Other receivables (note 25)                                                            –               434
                                                              Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                22,205            21,864
                                                              Trade payables (note 29)                                                           1,278             7,955
                                                              Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              5,325             5,527


                                                              The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                               $000            $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,404,842       8,405,177


  Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     449             450
  Prepayments                                                                   274             274
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              29,818          29,818
  Tax recoverable                                                               104              47


  Total current assets                                                       30,645          30,589




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             5,927,089       5,922,091
  Other payables and accruals                                                 3,230           3,426
                                                                                                        161
  Total current liabilities                                               5,930,319       5,925,517


  Net assets                                                              2,505,168       2,510,249


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             110,095         110,226
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     2,395,073       2,400,023


  Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                2,505,168       2,510,249


  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2025 and was
  signed on its behalf.




  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
  Director                                         Director
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
                                                         Note (a): Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                               Company
                                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                               Capital                share-based
                                                                                                   Share   redemption Contributed   compensation     Retained
                                                                                                premium        reserve    surplus          reserve     profits         Total
                                                                                                   $000          $000       $000             $000       $000           $000

                                                         At 1 July 2023                        1,633,208      17,519     740,316              247    377,679      2,768,969
                                                         Loss for the year                             –           –           –                –       (930)          (930)
                                                         Transactions with owners
                                                         Share-based payments                         –            –           –            1,361            –         1,361




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         Repurchase of shares (note 35)               –          420           –                –      (16,676)      (16,256)
                                                         Payment of 2023 final dividend               –            –           –                –    (193,117)     (193,117)
                                                         Payment of 2024 interim dividend             –            –           –                –    (160,004)     (160,004)

                                                         At 30 June 2024 and 1 July 2024       1,633,208      17,939     740,316            1,608      6,952      2,400,023
                                                         Profit for the year                           –           –           –                –    352,348        352,348
                                                         Transactions with owners
                                                         Share-based payments                         –            –           –              652           –           652
                                                         Repurchase of shares (note 35)               –          131           –                –      (5,488)       (5,357)
                                                         Payment of 2024 final dividend               –            –           –                –    (192,860)     (192,860)
                                                         Payment of 2025 interim dividend             –            –           –                –    (159,733)     (159,733)
                                               162
                                                         At 30 June 2025                       1,633,208      18,070     740,316            2,260       1,219     2,395,073
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


41 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                               2025                                              2024
                                                                                   Estimated
                                            Salaries             Retirement      money value
                                                and                  scheme          of other Retirement Share-based
                                   Fees allowances     Bonuses contributions         benefits    benefits  payments     Total    Total
                                   $000        $000       $000          $000             $000       $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen        162            –         –             –              –           –            –      162      162
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona       144        6,237     4,108           288             39           –          653   11,469   11,877
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen      144        6,694     1,870           669            133           –            –    9,510    9,215




                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond    180            –         –             -              -           -            -     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui            162            –         –             –              –           –            –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince        144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144    163
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas        144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Patrick Poon               144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144       32
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*    288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*         288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*        288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*      144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel*       144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Peter Kung*                288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      257


                                   2,664      12,931     5,978           957            172           –          653   23,355   23,325


     2024                          2,521      12,576     5,631           931            305           –        1,361

     *      Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                     41 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                         (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                              During the years ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, no director:

                                                              •    received any emoluments from SHKP, the ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of
                                                                   their services to the Group;

                                                              •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                              •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share awards under the Company’s share
                                                              award scheme. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme”
                                                              in the Report of the Directors and note 36.


                                                         (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                             contracts
                                                              No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the
                                               164            Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                              indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                                     42 Ultimate holding company
                                                         The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2025 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                         company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of SEHK.
