ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong Kong since 1996
and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (0016.HK).

SmarTone is a leading mobile communications provider in Hong Kong, offering territory-wide
and superior 5G services, which are instrumental in driving the region’s 5G development. In
2020, SmarTone was the first company in Hong Kong to introduce the groundbreaking 5G
home broadband services, distinguished by its no-wiring and no-installation propositions, which
have garnered the largest market share and widespread popularity among consumers. SmarTone
also offers cutting-edge IoT solutions tailored for enterprises, driving digital transformation and
propelling the smart city development in Hong Kong.

SmarTone has established itself as the Consumers’ No.1 Best Preferred 5G Network*, with its
commitment to delivering exceptional network experience, customer-centric products and
services, a proactive approach to innovation and a profound understanding of customer needs.
It has also been recognized by an independent global research and consulting firm as the only
mobile communications provider to be ranked among the top ten brands in Hong Kong^.

SmarTone operates over 30 retail stores in Hong Kong and has 5 key sub-brands to cater to
diverse market needs. Through leveraging innovative business strategies, SmarTone is leading
the industry development in Hong Kong.




*
    Based on results obtained from study conducted by market research company NuanceTree, as commissioned by SmarTone.
    3,942 post-paid SIM card users were interviewed via online survey and street interviews between January and December 2022.
^
    Based on Kantar BrandZ Top 30 Strongest Brands in Hong Kong 2024.
CONTENTS


About Us
Business Highlights                                                     2
Chairman’s Statement                                                    6
Management Discussion and Analysis                                      9
Directors Profile                                                       12
Staff Engagement                                                        21
Community Initiatives                                                   22
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information                       25
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account                          26
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                27
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                                    28
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                          30
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                   31
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim                             33
 Financial Information
Other Information                                                       53




                                                    I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   1
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    Empowering everyday life and business through connectivity
    and technology to deliver tangible value.

    1. Technology Leadership
       SmarTone delivers an outstanding network experience powered by its territory-wide 5G-Advanced network.
       Especially at major venues and high-traffic environments. Leveraging 5G Advanced, network slicing and
       SmarTone PRIORITY, we provide up to three times more dedicated network resources, ensuring fast, stable and
       reliable connectivity even in the busiest settings.

       We are proactively enhancing 5G capabilities across Hong Kong’s critical infrastructure, achieving industry-
       leading peak-hour speeds at MTR stations through deployment of the 3.3 GHz and 3.5 GHz Golden Spectrum.

       Supported by 5G Standalone architecture, Mobile Edge Computing, AI-driven automation and next-generation
       Massive MIMO, our network delivers ultra-low latency, enhanced security and improved energy efficiency –
       reinforcing SmarTone’s leadership in premium mobile connectivity.




                                                            KAI TAK SPORTS PARK




                                                                                                      NORTHERN METROPOLIS



             EXTENSIVE
             COVERAGE



                                                                                                              MTR STATIONS




                                                               CENTRAL KOWLOON BYPASS



       Our strategic collaboration with SHKP delivers comprehensive 5G Advanced coverage across Hong Kong’s most
       prestigious landmarks, We provide seamless indoor connectivity from carparks to homes, supported by 7×24 AI-
       enabled quality assurance, 5G IoT real-time monitoring, and market-leading SmartConnect 5G Wi-Fi.




                             International Gateway Centre      Cullinan Sky & Cullinan Harbour   Go Park and Sierra Sea



2   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


2. Empowering Innovation
  SmarTone Solutions enables businesses to embrace digitalization and adopt AI, Supporting industrial-wide digital
  transformation, forming the backbone of advancing Hong Kong’s smart city development.




  SmarTone continues to support Hong Kong’s position as a mega-event hub by delivering advanced connectivity
  and smart solutions for major sports and cultural initiatives. At the FIP Silver Reap Tournament 2025, held in
  Hong Kong for the first time, our carrier-grade network provided robust, venue-wide connectivity, enabling
  seamless official live streaming throughout the event.

  On the cultural front, we partnered with The Bridge+ UOB Art Academy, transforming a heritage property into a
  connected arts venue through smart building solutions.




     FIP Silver Reap Tournament 2025         The Bridge+ UOB Art Academy                            Network X Awards
                                                                                                    2025 France




                                                                                     I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   3
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    3. Customer-Centric Strategy
        Building on our leadership in network quality, we introduced SmarTone PRIORITY, one of the industry’s first
        commercial applications of 5G Advanced network slicing, delivering up to three times more dedicated
        network resources for selected premium customers. This “fast-lane” experience ensures consistently fast and
        stable connectivity even during peak congestion, reinforcing SmarTone’s premium positioning and commitment
        to top-quality network performance.




        Beyond connectivity, we enhanced the device purchase journey with industry-leading transparency and
        convenience. SmarTone remained the only operator to provide clear stock availability dates, introduced seamless
        device pick-up through upgraded retail queuing systems, and rolled out customer-friendly SIM and eSIM
        migration policies. In-store AI & Tech Corners further help customers maximise the value of their devices.




        We also launched Kids CARE, Hong Kong’s first cross-platform parental solution supporting both iOS and
        Android, enabling families to manage screen time, apply content filters and stay connected safely. In parallel, we
        pioneered AI Connect, a first-in-Hong-Kong service providing secure, one-click access to leading AI platforms
        such as ChatGPT and Google Gemini via SmarTone’s mobile network, empowering customers to adopt AI
        with confidence.




4   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                             BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


   SmarTone’s commitment to exceptional service was recognized with prestigious awards at the 2025 Service
   Talent Award from the Hong Kong Retail Management Association. We are the only telecommunication
   operator winning the 2025 Quality Service Retailer of the Year.




4. AI-Driven Transformation
  Artificial intelligence is central to SmarTone’s transformation, driving both customer service excellence and
  operational efficiency. By embedding AI across customer interactions, we convert real-time engagement data
  into actionable insights, enabling smarter knowledge management and more responsive decision-making.

  During the year, we deployed enterprise AI agents across functions including legal, human resources, market
  research and content review, automating routine processes and delivering meaningful time and cost efficiencies.
  Powered by multiple large language models, our enterprise AI agent platform enhances staff productivity by
  streamlining workflows and accelerating content creation and analysis – reflecting our disciplined and responsible
  approach to AI adoption.




                                                                                      I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




    Business review
    During the first half of FY25/26, SmarTone delivered solid results, with a profit attributable to equity holders of $278
    million, representing an 8% year-on-year growth. Competing on consistent network quality, expanding a premium
    and loyal customer base, scaling high-return growth segments, and embedding AI at the core of operations have
    together created durable value — even in a highly competitive market.

    Our mobile post-paid customer base grew by 2% year-over-year, with churn remaining low at 0.7%. Mobile post-
    paid APRU has remained stable. Roaming usage among the consumer base has continued to grow, with consumer
    roamer penetration increasing to 70%.

    The 5G home broadband business delivered robust and sustained growth gaining traction with both existing mobile
    users and new customers. The business delivered a 36% EBIT growth YoY, driven by scaling efficiencies and a healthy
    growth trajectory.

    Growth in our new customer base, stronger retention among our premium customers, continued momentum in
    5GHBB and enterprise solutions have together contributed to a steady uplift in local service revenue reaching $1,871
    million, representing a 3% gain over the second half of FY24/25.

    The company has consistently maintained tight cost discipline and delivered continuous, structural efficiency gains.
    Increased adoption of AI, continued platform simplification and streamlining of operations has resulted in operating
    cost savings of 6% year-on-year. Service EBITDA margin remained steady at a healthy level of 54%.


    Delivering superior network to a wider area of new
    developments
    To support emerging developments across Hong Kong, including the new Kai Tak Sports Park and adjacent residential
    zones, SmarTone has continued to invest in its network to deliver the highest quality and most reliable customer
    experience. As demand patterns evolve, we remain committed to delivering superior network performance where it
    matters most to our customers.

    Following the renewal of our 2600 MHz spectrum and the accelerated deployment of our “5G Golden Spectrum” at
    strategic locations, we are well-positioned to meet the ever-increasing expectations for network stability and consistent
    performance. The Golden Spectrum will be deployed to at least 24 major MTR stations and new transportation hubs
    such as the East Kowloon Corridor, in direct response to customer feedback that seamless connectivity is most valued
    while on the move.

    When measuring network performance, we understand that it is not only the technical metrics such as maximum
    speed that matter. We go further by simulating and regularly measuring real-life, user-generated performance
    patterns. Our true differentiation in our network performance lies in the consistency of customer experience, especially
    during peak hours, as validated by multiple independent third parties and media outlets.

    In support of the Government’s long-term development plan for the Northern Metropolis, we are investing our latest
    technology to build out the next generation of digital infrastructure in the area. We are piloting advanced 5G network
    architecture, designed to support a highly connected ecosystem enabling a wide range of smart applications, including
    robotics, low altitude economy services and smart logistics. These investments reflect our long-term commitment to
    position Hong Kong as the global leading hub for talent and innovation.



6   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Expanding new services to cater to the demand of different
segments
Over the past six months, we have introduced a broad range of new service developments aimed at enhancing the
customer experience, addressing everyday pain points, and enabling access to emerging technologies. These include
solutions tailored for our premium customers, as well as new tools that help families stay connected and safe, and
services that unlock the potential of technologies such as AI and network slicing.

“SmarTone PRIORITY” was launched and reserved for our most premium customers that value the highest network
quality anytime, anywhere. This is one of industry’s first applications of network slicing technology whereby customer
experience is guaranteed to be among the best no matter how crowded data traffic is in a given location and at
a given time. It serves as the “fast lane” and offers a faster, consistent and seamless experience. Feedback from
customers has been very positive.

“Kids CARE” the first-of-its-kind parental control application in the industry, was developed specifically for the busy
and demanding lives of families in Hong Kong. The ability to stay connected, communicate seamlessly among family
members and know their whereabout are among the most essential and valued functions of mobile technology. With
rising cybersecurity threats, increased exposure to social media among the young population, and the addictive nature
of online content, we believe it is our responsibility to support families in protecting the younger generation. We
recognize the dilemma facing our community and it was with this in mind that we developed “Kids CARE” designed
to address these concerns. It is now in its beta version and has been rolled out to customers to gather user feedback
as we continue to improve the product.

“AI Connect” was launched to provide seamless, one-click access to a wide range of global AI tools. We believe that
improving AI literacy and expanding access to advanced technologies is essential to maintaining Hong Kong’s long-
term competitiveness. It is with this objective that SmarTone launched “AI Connect”- a seamless, one-click gateway
for users to access AI tools anywhere in the world. In conjunction with the numerous AI workshops and AI one-on-
one consultation services offered to our customers, we aim to bring AI to the doorsteps and make it easy for everyday
use.

“AI-assisted servicing” At the core of SmarTone’s experience is our service excellence across all touch points.
We see the adoption of AI as an assistive tool to enable our staff to deliver a faster and more reliable service to
our customers, be it at our stores or through digital channels. We are proud that we have received outstanding
recognition in the industry, winning nine prestigious accolades in the 2025 Service and Courtesy Awards from the
Hong Kong Retail Management Association. We are the only telecommunication operator winning the 2025 Quality
Service Retailer of the Year.




                                                                                          I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




    Driving synergies across SHKP group
    SmarTone has continued to work closely with all divisions within the SHKP group to deliver services that enhance the
    overall customer experience. We have partnered with new developments at Go Park, Sierra Sea, Cullinan Harbour
    and Cullinan Sky to deliver best-in-class network performance whenever our customers visit these locations. This
    collaboration also extends to Smart Home solutions which has become a substantial growth driver for our business.
    The offering has won numerous international accolades, including the “Best Smart Home Customer Experience”
    award by Network X Awards 2025 in Europe.

    We are also collaborating with SHKP to capture opportunities arising from the new mainland talent schemes. These
    initiatives span across residential, retail, hospitality and transportation sectors. SmarTone aims to become the mobile
    network provider of choice for new arrivals moving to Hong Kong, leveraging on SHKP’s strong presence and brand
    in Hong Kong and major Mainland cities, and a shared commitment to deliver exceptional customer satisfaction.


    Dividend
    The Board declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, consistent with last year.


    Outlook
    We remain firmly committed to investing in our superior network and excellent service, in addition to broadening our
    products and services to cater for the evolving needs of customers in the digital world.

    Looking ahead, we see new talent and immigrants to Hong Kong as an important pillar of growth. The further
    integration of Greater Bay Area and accelerated technology innovation in the ecosystem will support Hong Kong’s
    economic and macro developments over the next decades. As a technology arm of SHKP group, SmarTone’s mission
    is to be the trusted digital infrastructure provider for Hong Kong and a technology enabler for all our customers.


    Appreciation
    I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their support and trust, as well
    as my fellow directors for their continued guidance. To our staff, I would like to express my sincere thanks for their
    unwavering commitment and hard work, which are the cornerstones of our success.




    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
    Chairman

    Hong Kong, 24 February 2026




8   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of financial results
During the period under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders was $278 million (first half of
2024/25: $257 million), representing an 8% increase over prior year.

The Group’s total revenue was $3,561 million, a 2% increase from $3,492 million for the same period last year. This
growth was primarily driven by higher handset and accessory sales.

The Group has continued to rigorously enhance cost control measures and operational efficiency during the period.
Consequently, our staff costs and other operating expenses were reduced by 5% and 7% year-on-year, to $340
million and $432 million, respectively.

Depreciation, amortization, and loss on disposal decreased by $31 million or 4%, resulting in a total of $828 million
(first half of 2024/25: $859 million). This reduction is primarily attributable to lower depreciation charges on fixed
assets due to our prudent capital expenditure management and reduced depreciation charges on right-of-use assets
following rental negotiations in recent years.

Finance income is $40 million, increased by $1 million or 3% year-on-year, reflecting the strong cash position of the
Group. Finance cost primarily represents accretion expenses on spectrum utilization fees, lease liabilities and asset
retirement obligation. It has decreased by $2 million or 4% year-on-year, amid the reduction of accretion expenses on
spectrum utilization fees.

Income tax expense amounted to $101 million (first half of 2024/25: $97 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
26.7% (first half of 2024/25: 27.5%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization
fee, certain related payments have been treated as non-deductible in calculating the tax provision, which contributes
to the Group effective tax rate being higher than the standard tax rate. The Group will continue to vigorously defend
its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from the Inland Revenue Department. As at 31
December 2025, the Group’s current income tax liabilities of $834 million (30 June 2025: $740 million) includes a
provision of $665 million (30 June 2025: $633 million) which has been made on the assumption that certain spectrum
utilization fee payments were not tax deductible. At the same time, tax reserve certificates of $399 million (30 June
2025: $399 million) have been purchased by the Group in this regard.




                                                                                         I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
     The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was mainly
     financed by share capital and internally generated funds. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total equity of
     $5,391 million (30 June 2025: $5,305 million), including share capital and reserves of $110 million (30 June 2025: $110
     million) and $5,281 million (30 June 2025: $5,195 million), respectively.

     The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of $2,435
     million as at 31 December 2025, increased by $407 million or 20% when compared with the position as at 30 June
     2025. Total borrowings of the Group was $59 million as at 31 December 2025, as compared to $62 million as at 30
     June 2025.

     The Group has generated net cash from operating activities of $1,350 million during the period, increased by $382
     million or 39% year-on-year when compared with last year. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the period
     were payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum utilization fee, leases and dividends. The Group maintains a
     strong and healthy cash flow as a result of refined cost control, prudent capital expenditure as well as stringent fund
     management.

     The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
     the financial year ending 30 June 2026 with internal cash resources.


     Treasury policy
     The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved by the board of directors. Surplus
     funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits and financial assets
     at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

     The Group arranges for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit.


     Charges on assets
     The Group’s bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying amount of the pledged
     assets amounted to $59 million as at 31 December 2025 (30 June 2025: $61 million).


     Interest rate exposure
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total borrowing of $59 million is subject to floating interest rate. Management
     considers the corresponding interest rate exposure will not have any material impact to the Group given the low level
     of borrowing. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.




10   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and trade payables denominated in United States
dollars. The trade payables denominated in United States dollars is partially hedged with our deposits in United
States dollars.


Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group provided performance guarantees of $878 million (30 June 2025: $718 million).


Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
The Group had 1,553 full-time employees as at 31 December 2025 (30 June 2025: 1,656), with the majority of
them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $340 million for the period ended 31 December 2025 (first half of
2024/25: $357 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the period
under review, no unvested shares (30 June 2025: Nil) were outstanding as at 31 December 2025.

The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. As at 31 December 2025, 4,000,000 share options were
outstanding (30 June 2025: 4,000,000).




                                                                                      I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   11
     DIRECTORS PROFILE


     KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
     Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
     October 1996. He is also the chairman of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain
     subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s
     degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration
     from Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of
     Hong Kong.

     Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
     of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
     TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
     Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of
     SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai
     Properties Limited.

     In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
     Kwok did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


     CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 76)
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
     Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
     Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
     Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
     Singapore.

     Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
     director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
     director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
     Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
     Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of Tianjin Development
     Holdings Limited.

     Mr. Cheung is currently a court member of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest
     of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had
     held the positions of deputy chairman of the council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University and a member of its
     Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
     a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
     Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

     Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

     Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
     University in 2016.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
     Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


12   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                        DIRECTORS PROFILE


FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director (Age: 57)
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was redesignated as
Executive Director in August 2020. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee and the Remuneration
Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Fung was a visiting Assistant Professor of History
at Brown University. From 1997 to 2013, He worked in McKinsey & Company Hong Kong, where he became the
managing partner and director.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-
property related portfolio investments. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman
and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive director of Transport International
Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, and the vice
president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups. He has also been elected a professor of practice at The
Hong Kong Management Association and a member of its Executive Committee.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
Fung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (Age: 44)
Ms. Fiona Lau has been an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2023.
Ms. Lau is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries
of the Company. Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from The University of Chicago.

Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Lau was the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
and had taken up various leadership roles in business development, corporate strategy, sales and marketing, product
development and investor relations. Ms. Lau was a director of SUNeVision during the period from October 2019 to
April 2025.

Ms. Lau joined Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong) in June 2017.
Prior to joining SHKP, Ms. Lau was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held various
senior positions across the chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions during 2010
to 2017. From 2005 to 2010, she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

Ms. Lau has been an independent non-executive director of Octopus Holdings Limited, Octopus Cards Limited and
Octopus Cards Client Funds Limited since January 2025. She is also a member of the Remuneration Committee
thereof.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Ms. Lau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payments, and director’s fee of
HK$6,564,000, HK$4,108,000, HK$653,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.



                                                                                            I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   13
     DIRECTORS PROFILE


     CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director (Age: 65)
     Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He is also a member of the Board
     Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chau is a member
     of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK, and a Chartered Engineer registered with the Engineering
     Council, UK.

     Mr. Chau has been with the Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made
     Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications
     technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.
     Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
     and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
     which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
     service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
     to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry-leading customer management and
     support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

     Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies.

     Mr. Chau is a member of the Executive Committee of the Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK), and a
     member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong
     Kong.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
     contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s fee of HK$7,496,000,
     HK$1,870,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




14   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                      DIRECTORS PROFILE


David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director (Age: 74)
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience of operating at
board level in an international environment. He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants
(UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK).

Mr. Prince is a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited
and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong).

Mr. Prince served as a non-executive director and a member of both the Audit and Governance Committees at Adecco
SA, a global leader in human resources services, until his retirement in April 2024. During his tenure, he played a
key role in establishing a joint venture with Beijing Foreign Enterprise Human Resources Service Co., Ltd. (FESCO)
to provide HR services in China, and he also served as a member of the joint venture’s board. In recognition of his
contributions, Mr. Prince was honored in 2024 with the Magnolia Silver Award by the Shanghai Municipal People’s
Government.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000,
he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it
was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW
to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles
for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
Prince did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
Committee of the Company. Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in
Information Systems. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson Group (until June 2018), which is a major transport infrastructure
services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
Hong Kong), and is currently a senior consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Siu
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                          I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   15
     DIRECTORS PROFILE


     POON Sun-cheong, Patrick Non-Executive Director (Age: 78)
     Dr. Patrick Poon, SBS, LLD, BSc, FIFA, was appointed Director of the Company in April 2024. Dr. Poon is Chairman of
     Shing Cheong Charitable Foundation Limited, Harvest SCP Group Company Limited and Master Insight Media Limited.

     Dr. Poon has had a 40-year career in the life insurance industry since 1972, starting as an actuarial trainee at AIA
     Hong Kong. He qualified as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries in 1975 and served management and CEO positions
     in AIA, Aetna Taiwan, Aetna International, ING group and China Pacific Life Insurance before his retirement in 2011.
     He was Independent Non-Executive Director of Hang Seng Insurance Company Limited in Hong Kong (2012–2022).

     Dr. Poon is a Governor of The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong and Chairman of its Foundation. He is also
     Honorary Chairman of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Foundation and Deputy Chairman of The University
     of Hong Kong Foundation. He is Charter President of the Rotary Club of Hong Kong Harbour and President of The
     Association of Zhong Shan Siulamese in Hong Kong. He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Sinfonietta (2021–2023)
     and President of the Hong Kong Professionals and Senior Executives Association (2022–2024). Dr. Poon has been an
     independent consultant to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung
     Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
     and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since May 2024.

     Dr. Poon is a well-known philanthropist with donations mainly in the area of supporting tertiary education and
     community service.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Dr. Poon received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Dr.
     Poon did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


     WONG Hong-kit Non-Executive Director (Age: 53)
     Mr. Wong Hong-kit was appointed Director of the Company in November 2025. He is also a member of the Board
     Supervisory Committee of the Company. Mr. Wong graduated from The Chinese University of Hong Kong with
     a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, and is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified
     Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in the field of auditing, accounting and financial management. He is the
     Chief Financial Officer of non-property portfolio businesses of the Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”) group,
     overseeing the finance function of the non-property business units. Mr. Wong is also a director of certain subsidiaries
     of SHKP. SHKP is the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
     Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong).

     Mr. Wong is the alternate director to Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond of Transport International Holdings Limited and
     its subsidiaries, The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited and Long Win Bus Company Limited. Mr. Wong is
     also a director of Octopus Holdings Limited.

     Before joining the SHKP Group, Mr. Wong held key finance positions in several listed companies engaging in
     technology, media and telecommunications industry in Hong Kong. Mr. Wong has also accumulated 10 years’
     experience in PricewaterhouseCoopers.




16   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                     DIRECTORS PROFILE


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)
Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed Director of
the Company in October 1996. He is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the
Company. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of
the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
Hong Kong). He is also an independent non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s
International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

Dr. Li was a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its
Public Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.


NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 76)
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. He is also a member of the Remuneration
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
executive director of Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018, an independent non-
executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2022, and an independent non-executive
director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited from 2013 to December 2024.

Mr. Ng was a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s
Republic of China. He was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by
the HKSAR government in 2004.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.



                                                                                       I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   17
     DIRECTORS PROFILE


     GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 62)
     Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. He is also chairman of the Nomination
     Committee and a member of the Board Supervisory Committee and Audit Committee of the Company.

     Mr. Gan was the Chief Executive Officer of Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software
     used to detect anomalous activity on networks and systems. Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd.,
     the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. in
     2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

     Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
     a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
     emoluments during the said financial year.


     LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 51)
     Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. He graduated with Bachelor’s and Master’s
     degrees in Law with honours from Oxford University, and with a Bachelor’s degree in Finance, magna cum laude,
     from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was both a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a
     Benjamin Franklin Scholar. Mr. Lam is currently CEO of Two Sigma Asia-Pacific, overseeing strategies and operations
     of Two Sigma in Asia. Mr. Lam has been an independent non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd since
     November 2025. He is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

     Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
     Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s
     Asia Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before
     McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

     Mr. Lam is chairman of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

     For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Lam
     did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


     LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 58)
     Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in
     International Business from the City University of Hong Kong. With more than 25 years of experience in the IT and
     telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and forward-looking business leader, with proven track
     record in driving business growth and expanding the data center business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.




18   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                         DIRECTORS PROFILE


Mr. Lee was the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC until March 2025, and is currently a senior advisor to
the company. He co-founded Digital Edge DC in 2020 with an aim in transforming the data center business and
building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the
President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s management, strategy and growth in the region. In this
role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone,
Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of the company’s regional operations into its global business.
Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market
leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12 markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr.
Lee also held senior management positions at various leading technology companies, including Pacific Gateway
Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he was the founder of a consulting firm offering
strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has been a senior advisor to Sun Hung Kai
Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial
shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of
the laws of Hong Kong), since September 2019.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Lee received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Lee
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 63)
Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022. He is also a member of the Audit Committee
of the Company. Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. He is also Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of
the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region. Mr. Kung is also a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong and the
chairman of its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited,
Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) and CCB
International (Holdings) Limited. Mr. Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM,
and a director of CUHK Medical Centre Limited and the chairman of its Audit and Risk Management Committee. He
has been a China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since October 2019.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kung received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Kung did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.



                                                                                             I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   19
     DIRECTORS PROFILE


     Notes:

     Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
     in the last three years in any other public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or
     overseas; (2) do not hold any other positions in the Company or its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any
     Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

     No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, and Mr. Chau
     Kam-kun, Stephen), and there is no fixed term for their service with the Company. Their terms of service are subject to retirement by
     rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
     Rules. They are entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
     general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies
     listed in Hong Kong.

     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her service as an Executive Director
     and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject
     to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
     performance bonus the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Lau’s term of
     service as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings
     in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined
     by the Board under the authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment
     based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

     There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
     Company for his service as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
     salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
     entitled to a discretionary bonus the computation of which is based on his performance and the profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
     has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s term of service as a director of
     the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
     Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
     authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing
     market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

     The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2025 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
     pages 53 to 56 of this Interim Report.




20   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              STAFF ENGAGEMENT


1. Nurturing Talents
  At SmarTone, our people are central to our ESG strategy and long-term success. We are committed to nurturing
  an AI-ready workforce by equipping colleagues with the skills, confidence and ethical mindset to work
  effectively alongside AI. Through targeted learning programmes, hands-on tools and clear governance, we
  enable responsible AI adoption that enhances productivity while safeguarding trust and integrity.

  We foster continuous learning, inclusive innovation and meaningful career development. This commitment
  strengthens SmarTone’s employer brand as a future-ready organisation, where talent can grow, innovate and
  make a positive impact on customers, communities and society.




2. Supporting Our Staff
  We are committed to fostering a healthy work-life balance and a supportive work environment. We promote
  health, well-being, and a sense of belonging through popular wellness activities.




                                                                                  I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   21
     COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


     1. Green 5G Network
        SmarTone continues to put sustainability at the heart of how we build and operate our mobile network. By
        embedding AI-enabled intelligence into daily network operations, we can anticipate demand patterns and
        continuously fine-tune resource allocation in a dynamic, proactive manner. Coupled with ongoing upgrades to
        more advanced network equipment and the adoption of smart cooling enhancements, these measures have
        strengthened energy performance without affecting network quality. As a result, overall energy efficiency
        improved by 39% in total versus a baseline with no energy-saving initiatives.

        Our efficiency gains are also reflected in how effectively we move data across the network. Mobile Network Data
        Energy Efficiency advanced by 13.3% year on year, translating into an estimated reduction of approximately 8,101
        tonnes of CO2 emissions, allowing us to carry greater data traffic using less electricity. This momentum reinforces
        our long-term commitment to developing a mobile network that is cleaner, smarter and progressively more
        energy-efficient.

                   New Technology Equipment          Smart Cooling Technology        AI/ML Based Optimization




                                           Overall Network Energy Efficiency
             Energy Efficiency
                                                                      Mobile Network Data Energy Efficiency

                                           39%
                                                                                              13.3% YoY



                                                                                   CO2 Emissions




                                                                                               8,101 tonnes


                                                               Time
                 With Energy Saving    Without Energy Saving




22   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


2. Enhancing Cybersecurity Awareness
  As scam tactics become increasingly sophisticated, SmarTone remains committed to safeguarding
  customers through proactive security measures and timely education. We introduced Hong Kong’s first
  “Staff Verification Code”, enabling customers to authenticate the identity of SmarTone representatives during
  telephone interactions, strengthening protection, trust and peace of mind.

  Complementing this initiative, our ongoing “5 Essential Measures of Defense to Secure Your Network”
  programme delivers practical anti-fraud guidance directly to customers, equipping them to identify and avoid
  suspicious calls, messages and digital links. Through these measures, we continue to promote digital resilience
  and responsible use of technology across the community.




                                                                            24/7 dedicated Anti-Scam
                                                                              WhatsApp hotline to
                                                                               outsmart scammers




                                                                                      I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   23
     COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


     3. Sustainable Futures
        SmarTone has launched a comprehensive recycling program to tackle electronic waste and promote
        environmental protection. Under the theme “Live SmarT ∙ Rebirth Our Planet ∙ Together for Change”, we have
        placed recycling boxes in our stores to collect unwanted mobile phones, power banks, charging cables, chargers,
        and phone cases. Additionally, we launched the Red Packet Recycling Programme to encourage both the public
        and our employees to recycle used Lai See packets, supporting a more sustainable festive tradition.




     4. Supporting the Community
        In partnership with social welfare organizations, SmarTone delivers a range of community initiatives aimed at
        promoting digital inclusion and social well-being. These include visits to the elderly, community tours, and the
        provision of smartphone helpdesks and AI corners, helping seniors build digital skills and stay connected in
        an increasingly technology-driven world.

        We also support the development of the younger generation through programmes such as Strive and Rise,
        which encourage interest in technology and foster personal growth, reinforcing our commitment to empowering
        communities through innovation.




24   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                              REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 26 to 52, which comprises the condensed
consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2025 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and selected
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
Financial Reporting” as issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed
terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of
interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we
do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
Financial Reporting” as issued by the HKICPA.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 24 February 2026




                                                                                           I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   25
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
     For the six months ended 31 December 2025
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                      Unaudited six months
                                                                                      ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                            Notes        $000              $000

     Service revenue and other related service                                       2,182,339        2,303,422
     Handset and accessory sales                                                     1,378,949        1,188,116


     Revenues                                                                4       3,561,288        3,491,538
     Cost of inventories sold                                                       (1,331,371)      (1,162,159)
     Cost of services provided                                                        (238,648)        (227,014)
     Staff costs                                                                      (339,583)        (356,941)
     Other operating expenses, net                                           7        (432,086)        (466,638)
     Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         7        (828,002)        (859,274)


     Operating profit                                                                 391,598          419,512
     Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost              7              –           (50,000)
     Finance income                                                          5         39,604            38,325
     Finance costs                                                           6        (51,608)          (53,976)


     Profit before income tax                                                7         379,594         353,861
     Income tax expense                                                      8        (101,269)         (97,203)


     Profit after income tax                                                          278,325          256,658


     Profit attributable to
     Company’s shareholders                                                           278,325          256,658


     Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders
       during the period (expressed in cents per share)                      10
       Basic                                                                              25.3             23.3
       Diluted                                                                            25.3             23.3




     The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.

26   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                             OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                 For the Six months ended 31 December 2025
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                          $000             $000

Profit for the period                                                                  278,325                256,658


Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                           55                    (224)
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value gain/(loss) on financial asset at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                             101                     (483)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                            156                     (707)


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  Company’s shareholders                                                               278,481                255,951




The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.


                                                                                      I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   27
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
     As at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2025
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                  Unaudited     Audited
                                                                                31 December     30 June
                                                                                       2025       2025
                                                                        Notes          $000       $000

     Non-current assets
     Fixed assets                                                        12       2,987,414   3,067,242
     Customer acquisition costs                                                      92,120      93,244
     Contract assets                                                                 46,061      41,298
     Right-of-use assets                                                            724,787     805,416
     Interest in an associate                                                             3           3
     Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                 4,963       4,862
     Financial assets at amortized cost                                               2,321       2,321
     Intangible assets                                                   13       3,462,160   3,696,376
     Deposits and prepayments and other receivables                                 150,261     142,031
     Deferred income tax assets                                                       7,491       7,640


     Total non-current assets                                                     7,477,581   7,860,433


     Current assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                    2,435,049   2,028,081
     Contract assets                                                                 95,996      98,638
     Trade receivables                                                   14         420,421     414,066
     Deposits and prepayments                                                       225,780     278,327
     Other receivables                                                              110,442     138,002
     Inventories                                                                    182,393      87,217
     Tax reserve certificate                                                        402,764     402,764


     Total current assets                                                         3,872,845   3,447,095


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                      15         547,470    351,855
     Other payables and accruals                                                    607,618    675,383
     Contract liabilities                                                           415,188    468,019
     Lease liabilities                                                              466,750    485,400
     Current income tax liabilities                                                 834,267    739,864
     Bank borrowings                                                     16           3,957      4,718
     Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                           251,069    248,060


     Total current liabilities                                                    3,126,319   2,973,299




28   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                             As at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2025
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited                   Audited
                                                                               31 December                   30 June
                                                                                      2025                     2025
                                                                     Notes            $000                     $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                                          45,341                 45,901
Contract liabilities                                                                   6,493                  8,698
Lease liabilities                                                                    271,834                330,588
Bank borrowings                                                       16              54,810                 56,882
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                               2,282,015              2,421,198
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      172,380                165,708


Total non-current liabilities                                                      2,832,873              3,028,975


Net assets                                                                         5,391,234              5,305,254


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                         17             110,095                110,095
Reserves                                                                           5,281,139              5,195,159


Total equity                                                                       5,391,234              5,305,254




The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                    I N T E R I M R E P O RT 2 0 2 5 / 2 6   29
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 31 December 2025
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                         $000             $000

     Cash flows from operating activities                                            1,349,541         971,967
       Income tax refunded/(paid)                                                           45          (4,006)


     Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       1,349,586         967,961


     Cash flows from investing activities
       Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                           (330,559)        (333,014)
       Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                            (167,696)        (163,711)
       Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                  –           11,212
       Proceeds from redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                        –           62,500
       Other investing activities                                                       42,440           42,618


     Net cash outflow from investing activities                                       (455,815)        (380,395)


     Cash flows from financing activities
       Payment for repurchase of shares                                                      –           (1,410)
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (2,833)          (2,200)
       Principal elements of lease payments                                           (291,321)        (318,205)
       Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                   (192,667)        (192,860)


     Net cash outflow from financing activities                                       (486,821)        (514,675)


     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        406,950            72,891

     Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                                 18             (139)

     Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                             2,028,081        1,576,915


     Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                        2,435,049        1,649,667




     The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.


30   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                              For the six months ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                                          Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                              Employee
                                                                                            Capital                         share-based
                                                     Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption        Contributed     compensation        Exchange     Retained
                                                    capital    premium        reserve       reserve           surplus            reserve        reserve      profits        Total
                                                     $000         $000          $000          $000              $000               $000           $000        $000          $000


At 1 July 2024                                     110,226    1,647,004        4,753        17,939              1,127             1,609         (2,501)   3,405,492     5,185,649


Profit for the period                                    –           –             –             –                  –                    –           –     256,658       256,658
Other comprehensive income
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                     –           –          (483)            –                  –                    –           –             –         (483)
Currency translation differences                         –           –             –             –                  –                    –        (224)            –         (224)


Total comprehensive income for the period
  ended 31 December 2024                                 –           –          (483)            –                  –                    –        (224)    256,658       255,951


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                                     –           –             –             –                  –                  358           –             –           358
Repurchase of shares                                   (35)          –             –            35                  –                    –           –        (1,410)       (1,410)
Payment of 2024 final dividend                           –           –             –             –                  –                    –           –     (192,860)     (192,860)


Total transactions with owners                         (35)          –             –            35                  –                  358           –     (194,270)     (193,912)


At 31 December 2024                                110,191    1,647,004        4,270        17,974              1,127             1,967         (2,725)   3,467,880     5,247,688




                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025/26                   31
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 31 December 2025
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                                            Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                           Employee
                                                                                                Capital                  share-based
                                                         Share       Share    Revaluation   redemption     Contributed compensation          Exchange     Retained
                                                        capital   premium         reserve       reserve        surplus       reserve           reserve      profits        Total
                                                          $000        $000           $000          $000           $000          $000              $000        $000         $000


     At 1 July 2025                                     110,095   1,647,004         2,964       18,070           1,127            2,262         (2,580)   3,526,312    5,305,254


     Profit for the period                                    –          –              –             –              –                   –           –     278,325      278,325
     Other comprehensive income
     Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                     –          –           101              –              –                   –          –             –         101
     Currency translation differences                         –          –             –              –              –                   –         55             –          55


     Total comprehensive income for the period
       ended 31 December 2025                                 –          –           101              –              –                   –         55      278,325      278,481


     Transactions with owners
     Share-based payments                                     –          –              –             –              –              166              –            –          166
     Payment of 2025 final dividend                           –          –              –             –              –                –              –     (192,667)    (192,667)


     Total transactions with owners                           –          –              –             –              –              166              –     (192,667)    (192,501)


     At 31 December 2025                                110,095   1,647,004         3,065       18,070           1,127            2,428         (2,525)   3,611,970    5,391,234




     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.


32   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




1 General information
  SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
  are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
  in Hong Kong.

  The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
  place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

  The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

  This unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (“Interim financial information”) is
  presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. This Interim financial information has been approved
  for issue by the board of directors on 24 February 2026.


2 Basis of preparation
  This Interim financial information for the six months ended 31 December 2025 has been prepared in accordance
  with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. This Interim financial
  information should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025,
  which have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (“HKFRSs”). This Interim financial
  information has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other
  comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

  The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
  30 June 2025, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendment to
  standard as set out below.


  (a) Amendment to standard adopted by the Group
       The Group has applied the following amendment to standard for the first time for the annual reporting
       period commencing on 1 July 2025.

       HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1 (Amendments)             Lack of Exchangeability

       The adoption of the amendment to standard has no significant impact on this Interim financial information.




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025/26           33
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     2 Basis of preparation (continued)
         (b) New standards and amendments to standards and interpretations
             not yet adopted
             Certain new standards and amendments to standards have been published that are not mandatory for 30
             June 2026 reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group.

             HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                               Associate or Joint Venture1
             HKFRS Amendments                                Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards –
                                                               volume II2
             HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                               Financial Instruments2
             HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
             HKFRS 18                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
             HKFRS 19                                        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
             HK-Interpretation 5 (Amendments)                Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                               Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                               Demand Clause3

             1
                  To be determined
             2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
             3
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
         (a) Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
             interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

             The Interim financial information does not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
             required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
             financial statements as at 30 June 2025.

             Credit risk
             Impairment
             Maximum exposure and year-end staging
             The tables provide an update to show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on
             the Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was
             available without undue cost or effort, staging classification and balance of expected credit loss (“ECL”) as
             at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2025. For financial assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored
             them by using external credit ratings and the amounts presented below are gross carrying amount.




34   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
     Credit risk (continued)
     Impairment (continued)


                                                   12-month
                                                        ECLs           Lifetime ECLs
                                                     Stage 1         Stage 2       Stage 3              Total
                                                        $000            $000          $000              $000

     At 31 December 2025
     Financial assets at amortized cost                     –               –        194,384         194,384


     At 30 June 2025
     Financial assets at amortized cost                     –               –        286,649         286,649


     During the period, the movement of loss allowances in relation to the Group’s financial assets measured at
     amortized costs is as follows:

                                                   12-month
                                                        ECLs           Lifetime ECLs
                                                     Stage 1         Stage 2       Stage 3              Total
                                                        $000            $000          $000              $000

     At 1 July 2025                                         –               –        284,328         284,328
     Assets derecognized                                    –               –        (92,265)        (92,265)


     At 31 December 2025                                    –               –        192,063         192,063


     For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
     based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime expected
     credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent available financial
     information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at amortized cost under
     Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected value as a whole.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025/26          35
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
         (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
             Credit risk (continued)
             Impairment (continued)
             After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
             weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.

             The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
             amortized cost under stage 3:

                                                                              Changes
                                                                                 in ECL
                                                                           recorded in
                                                                            profit and
                                                                           loss for the    ECL balance
                                                                         period ended             as at                             Payment
                                                                         31 December      31 December                     Scenario terms
             Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating               2025           2025 Scenario         probability (years)
                                                    % 31 December 2025              $M             $M                            %

             Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –   6.5%–7.5% WR                              –          109.3 – Restructuring    1%–98% 6
                          9 June 2024                                                                 – Straight sale
                                                                                                      – Liquidation
             Issuer 2   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                             –           56.6 – Restructuring    1%–98% 2–7
                                                                                                      – Straight sale
                                                                                                      – Liquidation
             Issuer 3   30 March 2028           6.70% WR                             –           26.2 – Restructuring    1%–65% –
                                                                                                      – Straight sale
                                                                                                      – Liquidation

                                                                                     –          192.1




36   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
     Credit risk (continued)
     Impairment (continued)

                                                                    Changes
                                                                       in ECL
                                                                 recorded in
                                                                   profit and
                                                                 loss for the ECL balance                              Payment
                                                                 year ended          as at                   Scenario terms
     Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating   30 June 2025 30 June 2025 Scenario          probability (years)
                                            % 30 June 2025                $M          $M                           %

     Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –   6.5%–7.5% WR                        9.1         109.2 – Restructuring   1%–98% 6
                  9 June 2024                                                            – Straight sale
                                                                                         – Liquidation
     Issuer 2   28 March 2024 – 6.45%–6.55% WR                         9.1          92.3 – Restructuring   1%–98% 2–6
                  7 November 2024                                                        – Straight sale
                                                                                         – Liquidation
     Issuer 3   1 September 2023       7.88% WR                        5.8          56.6 – Restructuring   1%–98% 2–7
                                                                                         – Straight sale
                                                                                         – Liquidation
     Issuer 4   30 March 2028          6.70% Caa3                     26.0          26.2 – Restructuring   1%–65% –
                                                                                         – Straight sale
                                                                                         – Liquidation

                                                                      50.0         284.3


  (b) Fair value estimation
     This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
     values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
     the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
     the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
     the table.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025/26             37
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
         (b) Fair value estimation (continued)
             The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognized at fair value at 31
             December 2025 and 30 June 2025.

                                                                  Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                    $000             $000             $000              $000

             Assets
             Financial asset at fair value through other
                comprehensive income

             At 31 December 2025 (Unaudited)                             –           4,963                 –            4,963


             At 30 June 2025 (Audited)                                   –           4,862                 –            4,862


             There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
             period.

             Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
             and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
             market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
             included in level 1.

             Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
             the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
             market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
             value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

             Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
             included in level 3.

             The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
             asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

             All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




38   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Revenues
  Revenues include income generated from the provision of mobile telecommunications services, and the sales of
  handsets and accessories. An analysis of revenues is as follows:

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Mobile telecommunications services                                              2,182,339         2,303,422
  Handsets and accessories sales                                                  1,378,949         1,188,116


                                                                                  3,561,288         3,491,538


  The Group’s revenues from the provisions of services and delivery of goods by timing of satisfaction of
  performance obligations are as follows:

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Timing of revenue recognition:
  Over time                                                                       2,182,339         2,303,422
  At a point in time                                                              1,378,949         1,188,116


                                                                                  3,561,288         3,491,538


  In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s chief operating
  decision-maker for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified
  only one reportable segment, which is mobile telecommunications business.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025/26          39
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     5 Finance income
                                                                                      Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                             $000             $000

         Interest income from bank deposits                                                39,604            36,811
         Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                                –             1,514


                                                                                           39,604            38,325


     6 Finance costs
                                                                                      Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                             $000             $000

         Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                        921             1,085
         Accretion expenses
            Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                           29,072            31,144
            Lease liabilities                                                              21,355            21,469
            Asset retirement obligations                                                      260               262
         Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 9)                                     –                16


                                                                                           51,608            53,976


         Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
         retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
         allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.




40   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




7 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                          $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                   252,612          271,393
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                  16,957           22,324
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                    2,756            2,020
    – Net exchange (gain)/loss (note 9)                                                  (134)             296
    – Others                                                                          159,895          170,605
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                      2,443            3,109
  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets                                              –             (412)
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                        253,656          268,307
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 295,409          309,840
  Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                            236,666          236,666
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                           39,828           41,764
  Share-based payments                                                                    166              358
  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                                –           50,000




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025/26      41
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     8 Income tax expense
                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                          $000             $000

         Current income tax
           Hong Kong profits tax                                                        93,281           90,365
           Non-Hong Kong tax                                                             1,167            1,099


         Total current income tax expense                                               94,448           91,464

         Deferred income tax expense                                                      6,821            5,739


         Income tax expense                                                            101,269           97,203


         Income tax expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
         rate expected for the full financial year.




42   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                   INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9 Net exchange (gain)/loss
  The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included
  as follows:

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 7)                                                (134)             296
  Finance costs (note 6)                                                                   –               16


                                                                                        (134)             312


10 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

        •     the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

        •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
              shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                     Cents              Cents

       Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  25.3              23.3




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025/26          43
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     10 Earnings per share (continued)
         (b) Diluted earnings per share
             Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
             into account:

              •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                    assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                        Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                             Cents              Cents

             Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  25.3              23.3


                                                                                        Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                               $000             $000

             Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
               basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      278,325            256,658




44   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                      Number             Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used
       as the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
       and diluted earnings per share                                            1,100,951,601      1,102,126,623


11 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                          $000             $000

      Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2024: 14.5 cents)
         per fully paid share                                                           159,638            159,778


      At a meeting held on 24 February 2026, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
      paid share for the year ending 30 June 2026. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
      payable in this Interim financial information, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for
      the year ending 30 June 2026.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
      of this Interim financial information.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025/26            45
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     11 Dividends (continued)
         (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period

                                                                                    Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                           $000             $000

             Final dividend of 17.5 cents (2024: 17.5 cents) per fully paid share        192,667          192,860


     12 Fixed assets
                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                            $000

         Opening net book amount at 1 July 2025                                                         3,067,242
         Additions                                                                                        178,764
         Disposals                                                                                         (4,987)
         Exchange differences                                                                                  51
         Depreciation                                                                                    (253,656)


         Closing net book amount at 31 December 2025                                                    2,987,414


         Opening net book amount at 1 July 2024                                                         3,017,019
         Additions                                                                                        183,811
         Disposals                                                                                         (6,554)
         Exchange differences                                                                                (107)
         Depreciation                                                                                    (268,307)


         Closing net book amount at 31 December 2024                                                    2,925,862


         During the six months ended 31 December 2025, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
         and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $131,030,000 (2024: $122,648,000).

         At 31 December 2025, buildings with carrying amount of $59,333,000 (30 June 2025: $60,552,000) were
         pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).




46   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




13 Intangible assets
                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                         Spectrum
                                                                    utilization fee
                                                                              $000

  Opening net book amount at 1 July 2025                               3,696,376
  Additions                                                                2,450
  Amortization                                                          (236,666)


  Closing net book amount at 31 December 2025                          3,462,160


  Opening net book amount at 1 July 2024                               3,958,076
  Amortization                                                          (236,666)


  Closing net book amount at 31 December 2024                          3,721,410


14 Trade receivables
                                                      Unaudited           Audited
                                                    31 December           30 June
                                                           2025             2025
                                                           $000             $000

  Trade receivables                                      424,796         418,477
  Less: loss allowance                                    (4,375)         (4,411)


                                                         420,421         414,066




                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025/26       47
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     14 Trade receivables (continued)
         The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
         of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                         31 December              30 June
                                                                                                2025                2025
                                                                                                $000                $000

         Current to 30 days                                                                    296,669           302,753
         31–60 days                                                                             19,950            17,618
         61–90 days                                                                              9,333             5,090
         Over 90 days                                                                           94,469            88,605


                                                                                               420,421           414,066


         The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
         expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $2,756,000 (2024:
         $2,020,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2025.


     15 Trade payables
         An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                         31 December              30 June
                                                                                                2025                2025
                                                                                                $000                $000

         Current to 30 days                                                                    296,989           175,680
         31–60 days                                                                            163,678            47,362
         61–90 days                                                                             27,258            38,176
         Over 90 days                                                                           59,545            90,637


                                                                                               547,470           351,855




48   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




16 Bank borrowings
                                         Unaudited                                      Audited
                                     31 December 2025                                 30 June 2025
                               Current Non-current              Total         Current Non-current             Total
                                 $000        $000               $000            $000         $000             $000

  Secured bank
    borrowings                    3,957         54,810         58,767             4,718       56,882        61,600


  The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
  values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair value of the bank borrowings included under non-
  current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at
  the period end date for similar borrowings is as follows:

                                                   Level 1            Level 2             Level 3            Total
                                                     $000               $000                $000             $000

  At 31 December 2025
  Secured bank borrowings                                –              54,810                  –           54,810


                                                    Level 1             Level 2            Level 3            Total
                                                      $000                $000               $000             $000

  At 30 June 2025
  Secured bank borrowings                                –              56,882                  –           56,882


  At 31 December 2025, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
  June 2025: same).




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025/26        49
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     17 Share capital
                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                               Shares of
                                                                              $0.1 each            $000

         Authorized
         At 1 July 2024, 30 June 2025, 1 July 2025 and 31 December 2025   2,000,000,000         200,000


         Issued and fully paid
         At 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2025                             1,100,951,601         110,095


         At 1 July 2024                                                   1,102,259,101         110,226
         Repurchase of shares                                                  (345,000)             (35)


         At 31 December 2024                                              1,101,914,101         110,191




50   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Share option scheme
  (a) Movements in share options

                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                                 Average
                                                                            exercise price      Numbers of
                                                                                per share     share options

     At 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2025                                          $4.96          4,000,000


     At 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2025, 2,400,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise
     price of $4.96 per share.


  (b) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet
      date

                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                            31 December             Audited
                                                                                    2025            30 June
                                                                  Exercise    Number of               2025
                                                                      price        share          Number of
     Date of grant        Exercise period                        per share       options              share

     21 April 2023        21 April 2024 to 20 April 2028            $4.96        4,000,000        4,000,000


  (c) Details of share options exercised
     No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025/26        51
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
         (a) Capital commitments

                                                                                         Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                       31 December             30 June
                                                                                              2025               2025
                                                                                              $000               $000

              Fixed assets
                 Contracted for                                                               85,132           149,821


         (b) Contingent liabilities

                                                                                         Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                       31 December             30 June
                                                                                              2025               2025
                                                                                              $000               $000

              Performance guarantees                                                        878,442            718,442


     20 Related party transactions
         The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.32% of the Company’s shares as at
         31 December 2025. The remaining 30.68% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.92% is held by another
         subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
         company incorporated in Hong Kong.

         During the six months ended 31 December 2025, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow
         subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party
         transactions are carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                        Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                               $000             $000

         Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites                               10,259             12,904
         Depreciation and accretion expenses for right-of-use assets                         46,383             48,206
         Insurance expense                                                                    1,648              2,010
         Mobile coverage services                                                             2,202              2,514
         Enterprise solutions                                                               100,035             62,641




52   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2025 (2024:
14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Thursday, 19 March 2026 to shareholders whose
names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 10 March 2026.


Closure of register of members
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Tuesday, 10 March 2026. For determining the entitlement
to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Tuesday, 10 March
2026 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfers
accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 9 March 2026.


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant
to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix
C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and
SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                            Number of shares held
                                      Personal                                  Number of
                                      interests                                 underlying                        % of
                                       (held as                                shares held                      issued
                                     beneficial       Other                   under equity                      voting
     Name of Director                   owner)     interests            Total  derivatives             Total    shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                 –     5,162,3371       5,162,337               –      5,162,337      0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               437,359             –         437,359                –       437,359       0.04

     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                    –             –               –        4,000,000 2    4,000,000      0.36
                                                                                     (Personal
                                                                                   interests in
                                                                                share options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             146,000        11,0003        157,000                –       157,000       0.01




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025/26   53
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



         Notes:

         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
              beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

         2.   These underlying shares of the Company held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for
              the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company under its share option scheme.
              Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the
              section titled “Share option scheme”.

         3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


     2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
        corporations of the Company

         (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)


                                                         Number of shares held
                                                  Personal                                      Number of
                                                  interests                                     underlying                     % of
                                                   (held as                                    shares held                   issued
                                                 beneficial         Other                     under equity                   voting
              Name of Director                      owner)       interests         Total       derivatives         Total     shares


              Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    612,414,4911   614,183,234                 –   614,183,234      21.19
                                                                1,580,0002

              Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000              –          1,000                 –         1,000       0.00

              David Norman Prince                    2,000              –          2,000                 –         2,000       0.00

              Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003         7,000                 –         7,000       0.00

              Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284         4,028                 –         4,028       0.00

              Notes:

              1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in 42,317,805 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being
                    a founder and a beneficiary of two discretionary trusts and 570,096,686 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                    beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

              2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

              3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

              4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




54   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)


                                                            Number of shares held
                                                    Personal                                               Number of
                                                    interests                                              underlying                                    % of
                                                     (held as                                             shares held                                  issued
                                                   beneficial            Other                           under equity                                  voting
    Name of Director                                  owner)          interests              Total        derivatives                 Total            shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                 –        3,485,0001        3,485,000                        –        3,485,000                0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                            4,000,000                      –    4,000,000              8,000,0002       12,000,000                 0.51

    Lau Yuek-hung, Fiona                                    –                     –                  –        3,700,0002         3,700,000                0.16

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                             50,000                      –        50,000                       –            50,000               0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded
          for the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option
          scheme. Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2025 were
          as follows:

                                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/      Balance
                                                                                          Balance          Granted       Exercised        Lapsed          as at
                                                      Exercise                               as at           during         during         during 31 December
          Name of Director       Date of grant           price   Exercise period *    1 July 2025        the period     the period     the period         2025
                                                             $

          Fung Yuk-lun, Allen    4 May 2022             6.532    4 May 2023 to         4,000,000                 –              –              –      4,000,000
                                                                   3 May 2027

                                 26 May 2025            6.250    26 May 2026 to        4,000,000                 –              –              –      4,000,000
                                                                   25 May 2030

          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   5 May 2021             7.982    5 May 2022 to         2,500,000                 –              –              –      2,500,000
                                                                   4 May 2026

                                 12 January 2023        4.514    12 January 2024 to    1,200,000                 –              –              –      1,200,000
                                                                   11 January 2028

          *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025/26                    55
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



          (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
              associated corporations:


                                                                                                                     Actual %
                                                                                             Actual shares         of interests
                                                                                             held through             in issued
               Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation        voting shares


               Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25 1             25.00

               Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

               Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

               Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,900 1               20.00

               Note:

               1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                    certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and SEHK
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
     deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to
     the Model Code.


     Share option scheme
     The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company
     held on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
     Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
     by SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
     the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.




56   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Movements of the share options granted to the participant(s) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the six
months ended 31 December 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                  Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                  Balance
                                                                          Balance      Granted     Exercised      Canceled         Lapsed            as at
                                       Exercise                              as at       during       during         during         during   31 December
Grantee                Date of grant      price   Exercise period     1 July 2025    the period   the period     the period     the period           2025
                                              $


Director
Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964    21 April 2024 to     4,000,000             –            –                 –           –       4,000,000
                                                    20 April 20281

Note:

1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the
       grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of the
       date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.


Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
canceled or lapsed during the period.

The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
105,898,860 on both 1 July 2025 and 31 December 2025.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for
the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired by a
trustee from the market at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each
vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are not
required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of the Company will be issued
under the Share Award Scheme.

There were no unvested awarded shares as of 1 July 2025. No shares were granted, vested, canceled or lapsed under
the Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2025.

The number of shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was 107,171,217
on both 1 July 2025 and 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025/26                    57
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     Interests of substantial shareholders
     As at 31 December 2025, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
     Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
     the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
     by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


     Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                                Total number         % of issued
     Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


     Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               73.24%

     HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      807,292,867               73.33%

     Notes:

     1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
          held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
          deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
          deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

          In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
          subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
          mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

     2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
          deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares in the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
          SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
     Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
     the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
     the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




58   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION
                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
At no time during the six months ended 31 December 2025 was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the
Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board.
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung. All the members of the Committee are
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or
financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 13 February 2026 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2025 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and
the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2025 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to
the Listing Rules.


Corporate governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
months ended 31 December 2025, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for
the following deviation:

Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Director, was unable to attend the annual general meeting
of the Company held on 4 November 2025 due to prior engagements. The remaining ten Independent Non-Executive
Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 91% of all independent non-executive and non-executive
members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person or through electronic means to listen to the
views expressed by the shareholders.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025/26          59
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
     Directors
     The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
     Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
     during the six months ended 31 December 2025, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
     Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


     Definitions
     In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:

     “EBIT”                                                 earnings before finance income, finance costs and taxation

     “EBITDA”                                               earnings before finance income, finance costs, taxation,
                                                            depreciation and amortization

     “service EBITDA/EBIT”                                  EBITDA/EBIT excluding handset and accessory sales margin




     By order of the Board
     Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
     Company Secretary

     Hong Kong, 24 February 2026

     As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman),
     Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are
     Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE,
     Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas, Dr. POON Sun-cheong, Patrick and Mr. WONG Hong-kit; Independent Non-Executive
     Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny,
     Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel and Mr. Peter KUNG.




60   SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
