ABOUT US



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong Kong since 1996
and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a leading telecommunications provider in
Hong Kong, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well as fixed fibre
broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets. SmarTone spearheaded 5G
development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience through our
high quality network, people-driven products and services combined with innovation, passion
and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and consumer
products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and feel smarter everyday. This
strong presence is also backed by expert technical know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong,
our 5 core brands and our innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information              2
Financial Highlights                             3
Business Highlights                              4
Chairman’s Statement                             8
Management Discussion and Analysis               11
Corporate Governance Report                      14
Environmental, Social and Governance Report      29
Report of the Directors                          45
Directors Profile                                62
Staff Engagement                                 70
Community Initiatives                            71
Group Financial Summary                          74
Independent Auditor’s Report                     75
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             80
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   81
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       82
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 84
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      86
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   88




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                          1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                        Auditors
                                               *    Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond          PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Chairman                           Certified Public Accountants and Registered
                                               *    Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                     Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                      Deputy Chairman                    22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                    Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen              10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                                      Deputy Chairman
                                                    Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona
                                                                                         Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                      Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                                                                         Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                               *    Mr. David Norman PRINCE
                                                                                         183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               *    Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas
                                               *    Dr. POON Sun-cheong, Patrick
                                               **   Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP           Principal Share Registrar
                                               **   Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP                MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               **   Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric               4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                               **   Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny             41 Cedar Avenue
                                               **   Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel              Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                               **   Mr. Peter KUNG

                                               *    Non-Executive Director               Principal Bankers
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director   Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                               Company Secretary                           Corporation Limited
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Hang Seng Bank Limited


                                               Authorized Representatives                Legal Advisors to the Company
                                               Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona                  As to Hong Kong law
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Woo Kwan Lee & Lo

                                                                                         As to Bermuda law
                                               Registered Office




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                                                                         Bermuda Resident
                                               Head Office and Principal Place           Representative
                                                                                         Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               of Business                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2             Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




  2
                                                                     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




                                                                        Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                       2024            2023           Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                              6,221            6,763              (8%)
Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                           470              269             75%
Basic earnings per share ($)                                           0.43             0.24             75%
Total dividends per share ($)                                          0.32             0.32                 –


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                         11,179           10,898              3%
Current liabilities                                                  (2,944)          (2,704)             9%


Total assets less current liabilities                                  8,235           8,194              0%
Non-current liabilities                                               (3,049)         (3,110)            (2%)


Net assets                                                            5,186            5,084              2%


Share capital                                                           110              111             (0%)
Reserves                                                              5,076            4,973              2%


Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders               5,186            5,084              2%


                                                                           Year ended 30 June
                                                                       2024           2023            Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash inflow from operating activities                             2,162            2,254              (4%)
Interest received                                                        66               81            (18%)
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (602)            (709)           (15%)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost              –               24           (100%)
Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets at
   amortized cost                                                        37                –               N/A
Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                    (225)            (220)              2%
Dividends paid                                                         (353)            (332)              6%
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                       (2)             (19)            (89%)
Redemption of notes payables                                              –           (1,427)          (100%)
Principal elements of lease payments                                   (646)            (639)              1%




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
Issue of shares                                                           –                5           (100%)
Payment for repurchase of shares                                        (17)              (1)         1,040%
Others                                                                    2               (2)          (214%)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    422             (985)          (143%)


                                                                                                                      3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Leveraging new technologies and 5G, we aspire to be our
                                               customers’ “trusted partner in digital life”.

                                               1. Technology Leadership
                                                 SmarTone is committed to deliver the best network experience with innovation. The SmarTone network is
                                                 5G-Advanced ready. It supports intelligent dynamic network slicing for different applications and use cases, as
                                                 well as AI-enabled resources management to provide service assurance in mission-critical applications. This is very
                                                 useful for the development of innovation applications for enterprise customers.

                                                 SmarTone’s network has been known to provide superior connectivity within MTR trains and stations, and we
                                                 continue to invest into the deployment of the 3.3GHz and 3.5GHz “5G Golden Spectrum” in 24 major MTR
                                                 stations. In support of the Government’s new economic development plan, the Company has invested in the 5G
                                                 network infrastructure for the Third Runway System in the Hong Kong International Airport, the Kai Tak Sports
                                                 Park, and the Northern Metropolis. We put in extra effort to ensure that our coverage also extends to all major
                                                 country parks, where having mobile reception enhances safety and speeds up emergency response.

                                                                                                      Road tunnels



                                                                    Major ports                                                         MTR stations




                                                    Major routes                                                                                       Event hot spots




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Shopping malls                                                                                          Airport




                                                 SmarTone has officially launched its Satellite Voice and SMS Service during the year, this service ensures that customers
                                                 can stay connected even in remote areas while hiking, at sea, or during emergencies and natural disasters.




  4
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation
  SmarTone’s enterprise solutions arm, SmarTone Solutions, empowers businesses to integrate emerging
  technologies that drive digital transformation, pushing Hong Kong’s smart city development. SmarTone’s AI-
  enabled SmarTransport solution, co-designed and adopted by KMB, was awarded the “Top 5 Best Mobile
  Innovation for Digital Life” under the Global Mobile Awards at the Mobile World Congress.



                     Smart Construction                               SmarTransport




          SmartHome                                                                     SmartMall




                         SmartHotel                                    SmartHealth




3. Customer-Centric Strategy
  SmarTone’s high-quality services have been widely recognized by the industry and we are the only mobile
  operator to win two gold awards in the “2023 Service Talent Award” organized by the Hong Kong Retail
  Management Association. In August 2024, 5 of our sales professionals at SmarTone have been named winners
  of the Distinguished Salesperson Award (DSA) Programme, which referred to as the “Oscar of the Sales Industry




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
  organised by the Hong Kong Management Association.




                                                                                                                      5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                                 SmarTone recognizes that every customer has unique needs and expectations, which is why we offer customized
                                                 products and services for various segments, including families and travelers. To ensure outstanding network
                                                 performance, we frequently send representatives to popular international travel destinations for testing.

                                                 Digital technology has become an integral part of children's lives, and the SmarT Parenting Academy launched
                                                 by SmarTone offers a comprehensive guide to help parents navigating this landscape. It provides practical tips
                                                 for managing internet usage, fostering healthy digital habits, and recommending kid-friendly services and apps.
                                                 SmarTone empowers parents to confidently guide their children through the digital realm, enabling kids to
                                                 explore, learn, and express their creativity while staying safe online.




                                                 SmarTone Home 5G Broadband successfully redefined the home broadband market and addressed the needs of
                                                 village houses and Chinese mansion households enduring slow speed narrowband connections. We are the first
                                                 operator to launch a mobile app for the best user experience at home.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  6
                                                                          BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



   SmarTone has always placed a strong emphasis on network security. We offer a variety of network protection services
   to our customers, including “Data Guard“, “Call Guard”, and “Add-On Number”, ensuring comprehensive privacy,
   network, and call security for our customers. Since its launch, “Call Guard” has successfully blocked over 400 million
   nuisance calls.




   The SmarTone Plus membership program offers superior privileges to customers, including a range of specially
   curated celebrations, year-round rewards, and remarkable experiences.




4. Digitalization
   Our full digital brand “Birdie” actively promoted its youthful brand image and customer loyalty by launching
   traveler experiential campaign for university’s student, inviting amateur users to share their travel experiences.




   SmarTone offers customers an extensive array of services and a superior experience through our website, mobile




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
   app, and WhatsApp hotline. The recently upgraded CARE App boasts a personalized interface, enabling users to
   effortlessly access their account details, along with information on rewards and promotions. Additionally,
   SmarTone’s online store has been recognized as one of the “Top 10 Quality Trusted E-Shops” by the Hong
   Kong Retail Management Association.




                                                                                                                                7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               Under an intensely competitive landscape, the Company delivered a profit attributable to equity holders of $470
                                               million, which represented a rise of 75% when compared with the prior year. Excluding the provision made for the
                                               potential financial investment loss in the last financial year, the underlying profit this year was the same as last year.

                                               Throughout the year, SmarTone’s business maintained a strong performance, with the company’s core 5G postpaid
                                               customer base continuing to grow. Despite intense competitive pressure, our ARPU has maintained its premium, in
                                               recognition of our distinguished network and customer service. Additionally, 5G penetration increased to
                                               approximately 40%, with 5G ARPU now double that of 4G. 5G service enhances our customers’ experience, and the
                                               benefits are especially clear when using video, gaming and emerging AI (e.g. ChatGPT) applications. The resilience in
                                               our customer base, coupled with the premium level of ARPU, underscores the high quality of our customers, whom
                                               we are serving with superior service and network.

                                               The full resumption of travel over the past year has helped the Company increase its revenue through roaming. As
                                               traveling to the Mainland and overseas has become a part of life, we have given particular attention to improving the
                                               roaming experience for our customers. We have introduced a free, dedicated hotline for our roaming customers to
                                               call us for any issues. We have sent teams to popular tourist destinations such as Mainland China, Japan and UK to
                                               test for “blind spots”. We work with our network partners abroad to make enhancements, and do not hesitate to
                                               change partners if their performance does not meet customer expectations. We believe this is important because
                                               good connectivity abroad is just as, if not more, important as our Hong Kong service, particularly when you need to
                                               use apps such as GoogleMap, Uber or WhatsApp (data or voice calls). We are encouraged that the percentage of our
                                               customers using our own roaming service has doubled when compared with the pre-pandemic times. The momentum
                                               and the opportunity to further improve and grow the roaming business is strong.

                                               Our 5G Home Broadband and Enterprise Solutions have both continued to deliver promising results. Our 5G Home
                                               Broadband service has become a core growth engine for the Company. The service is easy to install, without any need
                                               to drill holes into walls or wait for a technician to come. It helps customers who are living in older buildings to enjoy
                                               fast WiFi. In remote and rural areas, it is a necessity and often the only way to get good WiFi. It also enables our
                                               customers to “work from home or anywhere” and improve their productivity. These are likely the reasons why the
                                               service has grown quickly in popularity, and why our 5G Home Broadband achieved a 33% growth in revenue and a
                                               70% growth in EBITDA compared to last year. The Company is putting emphasis on further improving our customer




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               experience in this service, and will invest more resources in the network and the equipment.

                                               SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions business continued to deliver double-digit growth. In February 2024, SmarTone’s AI-
                                               enabled SmarTransport solution, co-designed and adopted by KMB, was awarded the “Top 5 Best Mobile Innovation
                                               for Digital Life” under the Global Mobile Awards at the Mobile World Congress. This is a highly prestigious award,
                                               and SmarTone is the first-ever Hong Kong operator to achieve this honour. As AI applications grow in scale and
                                               effectiveness, our focus is to bring more of these solutions to our enterprise customers to enhance their operations.
                                               This will be good for Hong Kong, reinforcing its role as an innovation and technology hub. We have started to work
                                               closely with our sister companies within the SHKP Group. For instance, together with SHKP hotels we recently
                                               launched a mobile phone-based solution, which allows hotel customers to use their phone to address their needs for
                                               the stay (including remote check-in, room access, app-based housekeeping services etc.). Our aspiration is to help
                                               businesses to take advantage of AI to improve their productivity, and we plan to roll out these solutions to other
                                               companies in similar industries.



  8
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Underpinning the sustainable success of the Company is a superior network experience. We have built a 5G network
that has the capacity and flexibility to handle the rising usage of AI and VI (virtual intelligence) by our customers. Our
network has been known to provide superior connectivity within MTR trains and stations, and we continued to invest
into the deployment of the 3.3GHz and 3.5GHz “5G Golden Spectrum” in 24 major MTR stations. In support of the
Government’s new economic development plan, the Company has invested in the 5G network infrastructure for the
Third Runway System in the Hong Kong International Airport, the Kai Tak Sports Park, and the Northern Metropolis.
We put in extra effort to ensure that our coverage also extends to all major country parks, where having mobile
reception enhances safety and speed up emergency response. In December 2023, the Company was awarded the
“Best 5G Mobile Network Operator” by the Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK). SmarTone was also
the proud recipient of the “Best 5G Commercial Network Operator Award” by the PCM magazine and was among
the first operators to launch the mobile-to-satellite services, now available to Hong Kong citizens.

The Company operates under a highly disciplined cost management framework. Despite regular salary increases, the
total operating cost for the current financial year was down 2% as compared with last year. This strong cost discipline
allows us to deploy more resources to further improve the network and customer experience. It also enables us to
invest in new technologies that can help enterprise customers and consumers.

The Company is handing back its mobile operator license in Macau to the Macau government. We have faced too
many constraints and difficulties in delivering the top quality service in Macau that SmarTone customers expect. Hence
we believe it is better that we focus our efforts and resources to further invest in our business in Hong Kong. Under
our exit arrangement, we have transferred our Macau customers to a reputable local operator to ensure our Macau
customers will be in good hands. We have worked out a smooth transition of our staff to the same operator to
safeguard their jobs. Financially, no material write down of assets is required in our books; in fact, the exit means we
no longer need to incur continuous losses for the Macau business, which amounted to more than $20 million annually
for the last two years.


Dividend
The Board proposed a final dividend per share of 17.5 cents, making full year dividend per share of 32.0 cents.


Outlook
Our philosophy is that we provide superior service to our customers to earn their trust, and that we continue to invest
to enhance their experience. We have invested to improve our CareApp as a primary means of digital engagement
with customers for convenience. We are also further strengthening our customers’ experience at the stores, because
even though our customers may only occasionally come to the stores, they usually come for important matters. We
believe building a trust-based and long-term relationship with our customers is the most important pillar for success.
The market remains very competitive, and there are uncertainties in the macro-economy. But we believe there are
new opportunities as well. Our 5G Home Broadband and Enterprise solutions are growing well, and we are committed
to invest to make these businesses stronger. The emergence of AI will likely lead to more areas where we can help our




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
customers. We will continue to invest in improving our network, as this is important for delivering a premium service
for our customers as well as for Hong Kong to be an innovation and technology hub.




                                                                                                                                 9
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               SmarTone’s mission is to deliver the best network in Hong Kong and a network that rivals the best globally. We want
                                               to build a world-class network that makes Hong Kong proud, and we believe we have gained recognition for this
                                               effort. That said, a substantial part of our investment has not been spent on the network, but was paid in the form of
                                               spectrum fees to the government. In Mainland China, the government does not charge spectrum fees as they want to
                                               encourage operators to invest more into the network. In contrast, these spectrum fees are high in Hong Kong. In the
                                               past year alone our spectrum fees amounted to nearly $540 million, which exceeded our entire net profit after tax for
                                               the same period. In addition, while such fees were historically tax-deductible, the Inland Revenue Department has
                                               now deemed the spectrum fees of a certain period not tax-deductible. We strongly disagree with this position. The
                                               spectrum acquired can only be used for 15 years, which is a finite period, and during this time we cannot trade or use
                                               such spectrum for any other purpose. Hence it is a real operating cost essential for network operations, and we do
                                               not understand why it is not tax-deductible. We urge the Government to treat all spectrum cost as tax deductible. This
                                               would allow us to deploy more resources to further expand and improve on our network, and ensure Hong Kong has
                                               as advanced a digital infrastructure as the Mainland.

                                               The fast-evolving technology landscape has led to many new opportunities, but has also created problems and
                                               threats, especially in cybersecurity. We know this is a major fear for our customers, in the consumer segment as well
                                               as the enterprise segment. Hence first and foremost we are investing resources to ensure our network is safe and that
                                               our customers’ data is safe with us. We are also paying special attention to helping our customers to face up to such
                                               risks. We are offering special solutions to our customers on cybersecurity, and are also launching programs to educate
                                               and support our customers about best practices in data protection.


                                               Appreciation
                                               I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their support and trust, as well as
                                               to my fellow directors for their continuing guidance. To our staff, I would like to express my sincere thanks for their
                                               unwavering commitment, professionalism, dedication, and hard work which are the cornerstone of our success.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Chairman

                                               Hong Kong, 3 September 2024




10
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of financial results
During the year under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders maintained at $470 million, as compared
to $269 million for last financial year. Excluding the recognition of expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized
cost of $201 million, the underlying net profit of the Group was $470 million in last year.

The total revenue of the Group was $6,221 million, a drop by 8% as compared to $6,763 million in last financial year.
The decline was mainly driven by the reduced handset and accessory sales, while the gross profit from these sales was
$21 million, remaining stable when compared with last year. Our total service revenue was down marginally by 1%
year-on-year to $4,509 million (2022/23: $4,546 million), while our service revenue excluding revenue from prepaid,
MVNO and SMS businesses has shown a high level of resilience with a growth of 2% over the year. This was mainly
driven by the continued recovery of roaming business together with the continuous growth of our 5G Home
Broadband products and enterprise solutions, which has compensated the pressure from the fierce competition
landscape in the Hong Kong mobile market.

Cost of services provided increased 5% to $410 million (2022/23: $392 million), which was in line with the
corresponding increase in revenue from roaming and enterprise solutions businesses. Service revenue gross margin
remained stable at 91%.

The Group has continued to devote significant effort in tightening cost discipline and improving operation efficiency
during the year. Accordingly, our staff costs and other operating expenses were reduced by 2% and 1%, to $713
million and $965 million, respectively. We decided to return the operating license in Macau, and will focus the
Group’s resources on the Hong Kong market. We believe the decision will benefit the Group financially in long term.

Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal decreased by $19 million or 1% to $1,741 million (2022/23: $1,760
million), mainly due to reduced depreciation charges of network equipment and computer equipment given our
cautious control over capital expenditure in recent years.

At the back of the Group’s strong net cash position, our net finance costs (including accretion expenses on spectrum
utilization fee and lease liabilities) was reduced from $48 million to $37 million in this year as the result of full
repayment of a guarantee note of $1.4 billion in last financial year.

Income tax expense amounted to $193 million (2022/23: $185 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 29.1%
(2022/23: 28.2% based on profit before expected credited loss on financial assets at amortized cost). In light of the
uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee, certain related payments have been treated as non-
deductible in calculating the tax provision, which attributes to the Group effective tax rate being higher than 16.5%.
The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee
from the Inland Revenue Department. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current income tax liabilities of $658 million
consists of $570 million provision which has been made on the assumption that all spectrum utilization fee payments
were not tax deductible. At the same time, tax reserve certificates of $385 million have been purchased by the Group




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
in this regard.




                                                                                                                              11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
                                               The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was primarily
                                               financed by share capital and internally generated funds. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a total equity of $5,186
                                               million, including share capital and reserves of $110 million and $5,076 million, respectively.

                                               The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances of $1,577 million as at 30 June 2024 (30
                                               June 2023: $1,155 million). Total borrowings of the Group was $64 million as at 30 June 2024, as compared to $66
                                               million as at 30 June 2023.

                                               The Group has generated net cash from operating activities of $2,162 million during the year (2022/23: $2,254
                                               million). Other than normal operating cash payments, the Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were
                                               payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum utilization fee, leases, taxation and dividends.

                                               The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
                                               next financial year with internal cash resources.


                                               Treasury policy
                                               The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved by the board of directors. Surplus
                                               funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits and financial assets
                                               at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

                                               The Group has arranged for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf for operation needs.


                                               Charges on assets
                                               The Group’s bank borrowing were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying amount of the pledged
                                               assets amounted to $63 million as at 30 June 2024 (30 June 2023: $65 million).


                                               Interest rate exposure
                                               As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s total borrowing of $64 million is subject to floating interest rate. Management




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               considers the interest rate exposure will not have any material impact to the Group given the low level of borrowing.
                                               The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency movements,
                                               principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through other
                                               comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, and trade payables denominated in United States dollars.
                                               The trade payables denominated in United States dollars is partially hedged with our deposits in United Sates dollars.




12
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                         (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Contingent liabilities
As at 30 June 2024, the Group provided performance guarantees of $523 million (30 June 2023: $623 million).


Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
The Group had 1,756 full-time employees as at 30 June 2024 (30 June 2023: 1,830), with the majority of them based
in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $713 million for the year ended 30 June 2024 (2022/23: $731 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
under review, no unvested share (30 June 2023: Nil) was outstanding as at 30 June 2024.

The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. As at 30 June 2024, 4,000,000 share options were
outstanding (30 June 2023: 4,000,000).




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                    13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Corporate Governance
                                               The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
                                               year ended 30 June 2024, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in the
                                               Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
                                               Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except for the following deviations:

                                               Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
                                               directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
                                               Code Provision F.2.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
                                               meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin,
                                               Eric, Independent Non-Executive Director, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on
                                               31 October 2023 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-
                                               Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 80% of all independent non-executive and non-
                                               executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by
                                               the shareholders. Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, Executive Director and Deputy Chairman of the Board, took the chair of
                                               the said meeting pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

                                               The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
                                               with the CG Code.


                                               The Board
                                               Roles of Directors
                                               The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
                                               promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

                                               The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
                                               Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


                                               Corporate governance function




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
                                               policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
                                               development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
                                               with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to
                                               employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
                                               Corporate Governance Report.




14
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Composition
The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

As at 30 June 2024, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, five Non-Executive Directors and six Independent
Non-Executive Directors. The names of the Directors are listed below:

Executive Directors:
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)
Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)
Mr. David Norman Prince
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas
Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick1

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric
Mr. Ng Leung-sing
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel
Mr. Peter Kung

Note:

1.   Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 11 April 2024. Dr.
     Poon obtained legal advice on 28 March 2024 from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law as regards the
     requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences of
     making a false declaration or giving false information to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Dr. Poon has confirmed
     he understood his obligations as a director of a listed issuer.


The presence of eleven non-executive members of the Board, six of whom are independent, is considered by the
Board as a reasonable balance between executive and non-executive members.

The Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience,
contribute significantly to the important function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They
also serve to ensure that the Board maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to
provide adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a




                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
whole.




                                                                                                                                         15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 62 to 69 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               Mr. Peter Kung (“Mr. Kung”) was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from
                                               14 March 2022. Mr. Kung entered into a consultancy agreement with Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a
                                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), in turn the holding company of the Company,
                                               under which he has taken on the role as China Tax Advisor to the SHKP group of companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                               since October 2019 (the “Consultancy”). The Company is satisfied that Mr. Kung is independent for the reasons as
                                               set out below:

                                               (a)   The scope of services for which Mr. Kung has been providing under the Consultancy and the monthly
                                                     consultancy fee payable to Mr. Kung thereunder are immaterial whether to SHKP Group or the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries (the “SmarTone Group”);

                                               (b)   Mr. Kung has advised that the monthly consultancy fee payable to him under the Consultancy is and will not be
                                                     material to both his personal wealth and current income;

                                               (c)   Mr. Kung has had no executive role in any member of the SHKP Group and the SmarTone Group. His role under
                                                     the Consultancy is merely advisory and does not amount to performing any management or executive function;

                                               (d)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that he met all other independence guidelines for independent non-executive directors
                                                     as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and

                                               (e)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that, during his term as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, he will
                                                     not provide any services under the Consultancy which may relate to any affairs of the SmarTone Group and will
                                                     not take part as China Tax Adviser under the Consultancy in any discussions which may involve any affairs
                                                     relating to the SmarTone Group.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of their
                                               independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               As at 30 June 2024, six of the fourteen members of the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors. In addition,
                                               all the members of the Audit Committee and the majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee and the
                                               Nomination Committee of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors. Each of these committees is
                                               chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. In view of the above, it is considered that independent views and
                                               input are available to the Board.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




16
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Appointment and re-election of Directors
There is no specific term of appointment for the Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors of
the Company. All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders
at annual general meetings at least once every three years.

One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after their
appointment, and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
concentrated in any one individual, the role of the Chairman is separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer. Their
respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The role of the Chairman is to
ensure that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures. The role of
the Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is to manage the
Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board.


Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalized agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                           17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
                                               Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2024. The attendance record of
                                               the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                                       Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                                       during the term of office
                                               Directors                                                                           Board Meetings General Meeting

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                          4/4                       1/1
                                               Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)                                                 4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                          4/4                       1/1

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                             4/4                       0/1
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                              4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                            4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                            4/4                       1/1
                                               Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick1                                                                      1/1                       0/0

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                             4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                  4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                             2/4                       0/1
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                           4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                            4/4                       1/1
                                               Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                     4/4                       1/1

                                               Note:

                                               1.   Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 11 April 2024.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




18
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ training
All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of the
Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar with the
role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and corporate
governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
2024, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

Directors                                                                                            Type of trainings

Executive Directors
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                            A, B
Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                   A, B
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                            A, B

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                               A, B
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                                A, B
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                              A, B
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                              A, B
Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick                                                                                         A, B

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                               A, B
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                       B
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                                  B
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                                B
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                                                 B
Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                                       A, B

Keys:




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
A:   attending or giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
B:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




                                                                                                                              19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Board Committees
                                               The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
                                               terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


                                               Board Supervisory Committee (“BSC”)
                                               The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
                                               and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
                                               of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
                                               Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

                                               The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as the
                                               business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
                                               operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
                                               regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


                                               Remuneration Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other members
                                               are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Executive Director). The
                                               majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

                                               The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration policy
                                               for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
                                               recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
                                               The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
                                               and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
                                               with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
                                               Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
                                               available on the Company’s website.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration of the Executive
                                               Directors, including the performance bonus, and passed two written resolutions approving the same.

                                               Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management
                                               The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
                                               to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
                                               measured against corporate objectives.

                                               The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
                                               include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
                                               element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
                                               businesses.

                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
20                                             reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
                                               the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
Company.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession. The
Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Nomination Committee reviewed and made a recommendation to the
Board on a potential candidate for appointment as a Director. The Committee also reviewed the size, structure and
composition of the Board and made recommendations on the re-election of Directors. Two written resolutions were
passed during the year for these purposes.

The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2024 Annual General Meeting.

Nomination policy
The Board adopted a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures for the selection, appointment
and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and strategic objectives of the Group.

The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-
executive directors of the Company.

In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings of the Company, the Committee
will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the Board accordingly.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                              21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Audit Committee
                                               The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
                                               compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
                                               effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
                                               members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung. All the members of the Committee are
                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or
                                               financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

                                               The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
                                               and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
                                               Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
                                               accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
                                               duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
                                               website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2024 to review with management and the
                                               Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out in
                                               the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
                                               external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
                                               statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
                                               annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).

                                               The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                           Meetings
                                                                                                                                                      attended/held
                                                                                                                                                     during the term
                                               Directors                                                                                                    of office




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                    2/2
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                    2/2
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                               0/2
                                               Mr. Peter Kung1                                                                                                      1/1

                                               Note:

                                               1.   Mr. Peter Kung was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company with effect from 19 September 2023.


                                               The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 27 August 2024 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group for
                                               the year ended 30 June 2024 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
                                               Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
                                               are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
                                               were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
                                               the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
                                               control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2024.
22
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



External auditor’s independence
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) is the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 30 June 2024. The nature and
ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so
as to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.

Details of the fees paid or payable to PwC and other audit firms (for miscellaneous services) for the year ended 30
June 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$

Services provided by PwC
 Audit services                                                                                               2,516,000


  Non-audit services
  Taxation                                                                                                      165,000
   Review of interim financial statements                                                                       322,000
   Other assurance services                                                                                     353,000


                                                                                                                840,000


                                                                                                              3,356,000


Services provided by other audit firms
  Audit services                                                                                                 42,000


Before commencement of the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
and for the year ended 30 June 2024, the Committee received written confirmation from PwC confirming that they
are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of Part 4A of the
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
independence and objectivity of PwC and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution of their re-
appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2024 Annual General Meeting.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                              23
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
                                               financial statements
                                               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
                                               true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                                               Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
                                               internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
                                               that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
                                               realistic alternative but to do so.

                                               The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
                                               Report on pages 75 to 79 of this Annual Report.


                                               Risk management and internal control systems
                                               The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
                                               effectiveness. Such risks would include, amongst others, material risks relating the environmental, social and
                                               governance (“ESG”).

                                               The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organizational structure
                                               and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
                                               authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

                                               Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorized use and disposition; ensure
                                               compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
                                               of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
                                               against material misstatement, loss or fraud.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting to
                                               the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
                                               Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification,
                                               assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.




24
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with five qualified professionals, which is an independent function
reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in the
risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk
assessment methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and
approved by the Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are
adequate to cover major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external
auditor so that both are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.

The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal
control systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2024. The review considered the adequacy of
resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit
functions, and their training programs and budget, as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting. The
review covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
against control environment, risk management, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
activities on all major business and operational processes. The review also considered (a) the changes, since the last
annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its
business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and
of the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function and other assurance providers; (c) the extent
and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of the Group
and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified
during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had,
could have had or may in the future have, a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and
(e) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

The Company has a whistleblowing policy in place which sets out the principle of whistleblowing and the procedures
to be followed to raise concerns with the Audit Committee through a designated Whistleblowing Officer. The policy
applies not only to the employees of the Group but also to third parties who deal with the Group.

The Company also has policies in place to prevent bribery and conflicts of interest. These policies form part of the
Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are
required to follow them strictly. Employees can safely raise concerns about corruption or any other misconduct
through the whistleblowing procedures mentioned above.

In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
stipulates the prohibition on unauthorized use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
Futures Ordinance.




                                                                                                                         25
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
                                               out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
                                               the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2024, they had
                                               fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


                                               Diversity
                                               The Company has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a
                                               diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced
                                               development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the
                                               attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a
                                               number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
                                               experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
                                               benefits of diversity on the Board.

                                               The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
                                               cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board — Composition” of
                                               this Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 62 to 69 of this
                                               Annual Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as
                                               appropriate. The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review
                                               the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.

                                               The Company believes that each Director’s background and his/her contribution to the Board should be considered on
                                               its own merits. Gender is only one of the many factors that influence this consideration. Therefore, the Company does
                                               not set numerical targets or timelines for achieving gender diversity on the Board. However, the Company will, to the
                                               extent possible, avoid having a single gender Board.

                                               As at 30 June 2024, male and female employees of the Group accounted for 60% and 40% of the workforce,
                                               respectively. The Group has a higher proportion of male employees, which is a common phenomenon for a




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               technology-driven company. The Group is an equal opportunity employer. All employees enjoy equal employment and
                                               career opportunities and no employee shall be disadvantaged on the basis of gender.




26
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Shareholders’ rights
Right to convene special general meeting
The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company
and such meeting shall be held in the form of a physical meeting only.

The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
months from the said date.


Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
the attention of the Company Secretary.


Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the
total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the meeting to which
the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of the requisitionists:

(a)   give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of any
      resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

(b)   circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not more
      than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt
      with at that meeting.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                             27
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Investor relations
                                               Amendments to the Bye-laws
                                               At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 31 October 2023, the shareholders passed a special resolution
                                               to make certain amendments to the Bye-laws of the Company to (i) bring the Bye-laws in line with the latest legal and
                                               regulatory requirements, including the amendments made to the then Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules; (ii) allow
                                               general meetings to be held as a physical meeting, an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting where shareholders may
                                               attend by electronic means in addition to physical attendance in person, and providing certain powers to the Board
                                               and the chairman of the meeting in relation thereto; and (iii) make other housekeeping amendments, including
                                               consequential amendments in line with the above amendments to the Bye-laws.

                                               Details of the amendments are set out in the circular dated 27 September 2023 sent to the shareholders. The
                                               amended and restated Bye-laws is available on the websites of the Company and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
                                               Limited.


                                               Shareholders’ communication policy
                                               The Company adopted a shareholders’ communication policy. The policy aims to set out the provisions with the
                                               objective of ensuring that the company’s shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
                                               circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
                                               understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans,
                                               material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable shareholders to exercise their rights in an
                                               informed manner, and to allow shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

                                               Corporate communication, including announcements, interim and annual reports, shareholder circulars, etc., are
                                               provided to the shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese to facilitate understanding. A
                                               dedicated section is available on the Group’s website to facilitate access to the information about the Group.
                                               Webcasts of the Group’s results briefing are also available. Designated contacts, email addresses, fax and enquiry lines
                                               are provided to enable shareholders to make enquiries about the Group. Shareholders’ meetings are convened as a
                                               platform for the shareholders to talk directly with the Directors and management. The Group also gets in touch with
                                               the investment community through investor/analyst briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media
                                               interviews, specialist industry forums, etc. on a regular basis.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Upon review of the investor relations activities held during the year like the annual general meeting, investor/analyst
                                               briefings, etc. and testing of the functionality of the different contact channels like emails, enquiry lines, etc., the
                                               Company considers that the shareholders’ communication policy is effective and properly implemented.


                                               Dividend policy
                                               The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
                                               amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earnings performance, financial position, investment and
                                               funding requirements, and future prospects. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate
                                               from time to time.




28
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



About this report
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to in this report as “the Group”, “the
Company”, “SmarTone” or “we”) are pleased to present our environmental, social and governance report. This
report covers the financial year ended 30 June 2024 and is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report Guide under Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited.

The scope of this report covers our key business operations in providing telecommunications services in Hong Kong.
The Group’s operations in Macau and Guangzhou (customer service center) are excluded from the scope as their scale
is insignificant as compared to the Group’s operations in Hong Kong.

This report highlights the Group’s sustainability efforts in environmental and social aspects. For details of our
corporate governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report included in this Annual Report.

The board of directors (the “Board”) oversees the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues of the Group,
and sets forth the overall ESG management approach, strategy and priorities. The Board is responsible for the overall
risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness, which also covers the
ESG-related risks to the Group’s business. Risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach
on the risk management processes in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks identified
affecting key business processes. The Board reviews and assesses the Group’s ESG achievements which forms an
integral part of the Group’s overall performance that the Board bears the ultimate governance role. An ESG Taskforce,
led by an Executive Director, has been established. The taskforce is made up of cross-functional representatives and
aims to drive continuous improvement in the Group’s ESG performance.

We performed a materiality review based on a peer review and stakeholder engagement process that determines the
material ESG aspects to the Group. We compared the year-to-year environmental and social data and adopted a
consistent environmental data treatment approach to allow a fair comparison of our environmental performance over
time.


Stakeholder engagement
The Group strives to create long-term value for our stakeholders. The Group maintains ongoing dialogue and engages
with key stakeholders, including customers, employees, suppliers, media, shareholders, regulators and the
communities, to understand their expectations and address their concerns. The Group collects views from stakeholders
regularly through a range of channels such as meetings, interviews, focus group discussions, surveys and feedback
programmes.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                        29
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Customer service and satisfaction
                                               We strive to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. The Group’s superior service has
                                               been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from various reputable organizations during the
                                               past years. SmarTone’s brand and network performance are also recognized by authoritative international
                                               organizations.

                                               For the year ended 30 June 2024, the Group received the following prestigious awards:

                                               •    GSMA Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards 2024
                                                    GSM Association (GSMA)
                                                     Best Mobile Innovation for Digital Life — Shortlisted top 5 (Project: SmarTransport Solution)

                                               •    CAHK STAR Awards 2023
                                                    Communications Association of Hong Kong
                                                     Best 5G Mobile Network Operator — Bronze Award
                                                     Best 5G Application — Merit (Project: SmarTone 5G Ednovation Program)

                                               •    Service Talent Award 2023
                                                    Hong Kong Retail Management Association
                                                     Telecommunications Category — Supervisory Level: Gold Award
                                                     Telecommunications Category — Junior Frontline Level: Gold Award

                                               •    Quality Trusted E-Shop Award 2023
                                                    Hong Kong Retail Management Association — Quality E-Shop Recognition Scheme
                                                     Top 10 Quality Trusted E-Shops

                                               •    Loyalty Engagement Awards 2024 Hong Kong
                                                    MARKETING-INTERACTIVE
                                                     Best Use of Mobile — Gold
                                                     Best CX/UX Strategy — Gold
                                                     Best Loyalty Programme (Lifestyle & Entertainment) — Gold




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     Best Acquisition Strategy — Bronze
                                                     Best CRM Strategy — Bronze

                                               •    Best of IT Award 2023-24
                                                    PC Market
                                                     Best 5G Commercial Network Operator Award




30
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Environmental protection
The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green awareness
within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to build a green living
environment. We target to achieve year-on-year reductions in total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity and
total energy consumption intensity in the long run. To achieve this, we are taking active steps, which are described in
more detail in the following sections.


Emissions
Electricity is the key source of energy for our business and our major source of greenhouse gas emissions. Other minor
sources of emissions include our transport vehicles and standby emergency generators.

SmarTone has successfully improved its energy efficiency by deploying the latest technologies in its mobile network.
By modernizing base station hardware and software, we achieved a 25% energy efficiency improvement. Additionally,
SmarTone utilized an AI-based solution to dynamically adjust power consumption based on traffic pattern, resulting in
a further 11% energy efficiency gain without compromising network performance. This combined effort has led to an
impressive overall energy efficiency improvement of 36%, demonstrating SmarTone’s commitment to sustainability
and minimizing energy consumption. The new generation of base station equipment is being deployed in our network
phase by phase according to the network upgrade plan and technology evolution.

For switching centers, we replaced traditional chiller systems with Oil-Free Variable Speed chillers which could achieve
30%–50% efficiency improvement. We also optimized the ambient temperature of our data center for maximum
energy saving while keeping healthy operations of the servers and devices.

SmarTone recently introduced a new carbon film coating technology on the condensers of our chiller units. This
innovative coating has delivered measurable environmental benefits, improving the Coefficient of Performance (COP)
by 6.15% and reducing power consumption by 6%. The carbon-based coating enhances heat dissipation through
improved thermal conductivity, allowing the chiller units to operate more efficiently. This not only lowers the energy
required to cool our facilities, but also increases the longevity of the chiller equipment, reducing maintenance costs.
These upgrades demonstrate SmarTone’s commitment to implementing sustainable technologies that reduce our
environmental footprint.

All these measures will reduce much of the carbon emissions from the equipment in and air-conditioning for the base
stations, switching centers and data center.

By the nature of our business, the discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous
waste during our course of operations is minimal. To further reduce the possibility of inadvertent discharge of
hazardous waste, starting from 2021, SmarTone partnered with Hong Kong Battery Recycle Centre Limited (“HKBR”)
for the recycling of all Waste Lead Acid Batteries (“WLAB”) disposed of from the switching centers and data center.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
HKBR is the first facility in Hong Kong that is licensed to recycle WLAB locally, providing the cleanest, safest, and most
optimal solution for this hazardous waste, reusing over 90% of WLAB.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and
land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
                                                                                                                             31
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Use of resources, the environment and natural resources
                                               In addition to our efforts in reducing power consumption by our cell sites, switching centers and data center
                                               mentioned above, we also demonstrated our environmental concern through efficient use of resources in our daily
                                               operations.

                                               Our entire line of retail shops uses a wirelessly operated customer management system. Frontline colleagues use
                                               tablets to provide services to customers, including the use of e-Signature to replace paper for contract confirmation
                                               and the use of e-leaflets to replace paper-based promotional leaflets. The wireless system greatly reduces the use of
                                               paper in our sales process. We also established carbon reduction measures and progressively increase the use of high
                                               energy-efficient appliances in our daily operations to reduce carbon emissions.

                                               Examples of our environmental-friendly measures include:

                                               Energy saving
                                               •    Use energy-saving lighting fixture (LED) and electronic ballasts

                                               •    Reduce lighting provisions in non-working areas

                                               •    Gradually deploy intelligent fan coil units in the central air-conditioning systems to reduce energy consumption

                                               •    Install energy-saving mechanisms in certain offices, such as installing light sensors near windows to dim lights
                                                    during daylight hours, using motion sensors in meeting rooms to automatically control lighting, and enabling
                                                    automatic shutdown of office lights and air-conditioning during non-office hours

                                               •    Encourage staff to switch off unnecessary lighting, equipment, personal computers and monitors in lunch time,
                                                    after office hours, while away or in meeting

                                               •    Encourage staff to unplug all mobile phone chargers/adapters when they are not in use

                                               •    Encourage staff to adopt video teleconferencing for both internal and external meetings to save fuel/energy
                                                    which may otherwise be consumed in travelling




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Green procurement
                                               •    Use suppliers/vendors with recognized environmental-friendly certificates whenever possible

                                               •    Purchase office equipment with Grade 1 energy saving labels whenever possible

                                               •    Printing paper — select those made from 100% plantation fiber and 100% chlorine free bleached




32
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Efficient use of paper
•    Default duplex printing for digital copiers

•    Encourage printing multiple pages on single sheet of paper

•    Use print-on-demand system so unwanted print jobs can be deleted even after being sent to the servers

•    Deploying electronic document management system to minimize paper filing and enhance documents sharing
     within the Company

•    Decline all newspaper/media subscriptions in paper form; encourage to use electronic or online version instead.

•    Encourage staff to use digital presentation for meetings, instead of printing hardcopy handouts

Recycling
•    Use printer/fax/copier toners that can be collected/sold back to suppliers for recycling

•    Participate in waste recycling schemes for collecting wastepaper, used fluorescent tubes, aluminum cans and
     plastic bottles

•    Stationeries — reuse internal envelopes and box files; encourage smart use of stationery

By the nature of our business, the usage of water during our course of operations is minimal. The Group is primarily
engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, which does not
require any packaging material. The package material used for the mobile devices and accessories sold by the Group
during the course of business is part of the products and is provided by the respective mobile device and accessory
manufacturers.


Climate change management
Climate change is a global challenge that affects communities and businesses as a whole. One of the consequences of
climate change is extreme weather events, such as hurricanes and flooding which may affect the Group’s daily
operations. The Group has emergency plans to respond to possible disruptions in network and business operations. It
also makes every endeavor, as mentioned in previous paragraphs under this section, to run an environmental-friendly
and low-carbon emission business to help fight against global climate change.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                       33
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Employment and labor practices
                                               Employment
                                               At SmarTone, we strive to provide an engaging, respectful and caring work environment to our employees. We
                                               embrace two-way communication. We use different internal communication channels to create a line of sight to
                                               engage our employees at all levels. We provide training and development platforms to support employees’ career
                                               progression. We reward and recognize performance and behavior through pay, incentives and recognition award
                                               programs.

                                               The Company cares about the well-being of our employees. We encourage work-life balance through a variety of
                                               work practices. We have implemented Flexi Working Hours since 2017 to support employees’ needs in reporting duty.
                                               We grant a half-day paid “Family Leave” once every quarter to allow employees time off to take care of their families.
                                               We have incorporated employee needs into the workplace design, such as setting up staff lounges/breastfeeding
                                               rooms in the main office. In response to the need for stress and emotional management in today’s fast-paced,
                                               information-overloaded and high-pressure society, we put in place an Employee Assistance Program to provide
                                               psychological, work and family consultations to employees and their family members to maintain their psychological
                                               health.

                                               The Company also held a variety of staff activities throughout the year, which include:

                                               •    Health Activities
                                                    The Company organized a comprehensive series of health talks and activities aimed at promoting the well-being
                                                    of our employees and their families. These events covered a wide range of topics, addressing both physical and
                                                    mental health concerns. A diverse group of professionals were invited to be our health trainers and speakers.
                                                    Among them were physiotherapists, social workers, yoga trainers, and other experts in their respective fields.

                                               •    Festival gatherings
                                                    To celebrate the festivals, we held fun parties for Christmas and Chinese New Year, bringing together colleagues
                                                    from different departments to play games and enjoy delicious food. These events demonstrated the Company’s
                                                    commitment to fostering a vibrant and engaging work environment.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               •    You-deserve-a-treat
                                                    Surprise gifts were given to staff as a token of thanks from the management. Gifts given during the year
                                                    included moon cakes for the Mid-Autumn Festival and fruits for the summer season.

                                               •    Interest classes
                                                    Throughout the year, a variety of interest classes, such as indoor climbing, were organized to provide our
                                                    colleagues with the opportunity to learn something new and engaging during their leisure time. The aim was to
                                                    foster a sense of curiosity and personal development among our team members, enabling them to explore
                                                    different hobbies and acquire valuable skills.

                                               The Group is an equal opportunity employer. All employees enjoy equal employment and career opportunities and no
                                               employee shall be disadvantaged because of sex, pregnancy, disability, marital status, family status, race, age,
                                               religious, beliefs or sexual orientation.


34                                             We believe that all employees have the right to work in an environment free of discrimination, harassment, vilification,
                                               and victimization. The Group will not tolerate such behavior under any circumstances.
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.


Health and safety
The Group is committed to providing employees with a healthy, safe and secure work environment that is free from
all recognized hazards.

We incorporate workplace safety in the design and operations of our premises and the way we conduct business. First
aiders and first aid box administrators are assigned for each office, shop and facility of the Group. Employees can
assess information on occupational safety and hygiene awareness through a dedicated section in the Group’s intranet.
All accidents at work are properly reported and handled with due care.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
employees from occupational hazards.


Development and training
SmarTone is committed to offering learning and development opportunities for all staff members in meeting the
Group and business needs.

On-boarding training and orientation are provided to help new recruits get familiar with SmarTone and equip them to
handle their daily work. The Human Resources Department organizes numerous face-to-face and online training for
employees in all ranks throughout the year, covering a wide range of topics including industry and business
knowledge, legal and regulatory updates, communication skills, personal development, IT skills, etc. The Group also
sponsors suitable employees to participate in external work-related training activities.


Labor standards
The Group adheres to applicable labor standards and strictly prohibits the use of child or forced labor in its operations.
Our suppliers and contractors are expected to follow similar standards of labor practices when collaborating with us.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to preventing child and forced labor.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                             35
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Operating practices
                                               Supply chain management
                                               The Group has a fair and open process in dealing with vendors. We will conduct competitive bidding/tendering for
                                               purchase of products and services.

                                               Vendors are required to register with the Company. During the registration process, the Company collects pertinent
                                               information about the vendors, including whether they have a green policy governing their business. The Company
                                               will carefully evaluate the information submitted by the vendors before accepting them for inclusion on the
                                               Company’s approved vendor list. The vendor’s green policy is one of the important factors that the Company will
                                               consider. The approved vendor list will be reviewed and updated on a regular basis.

                                               The selection of the supply source is determined in a fair and unbiased manner. Due considerations are given to both
                                               technical and commercial aspects covering product quality, delivery commitment, satisfaction of service to meet our
                                               purchase needs as well as price performance. In evaluation of our supply source, credits will be given to vendors who
                                               have a corporate green policy for their products, production and manufacturing process in reducing wastage and
                                               protecting the environment.


                                               Customer data privacy and security
                                               Our employees will routinely handle or process personal data relating to the Group’s customers. Employees will only
                                               collect and use personal information or data for legitimate regulatory, customer service and the Group’s business
                                               purposes. They will:

                                               •    take all reasonable steps to keep personal data confidential and will only disclose this information to personnel in
                                                    the Group that need to have access to the information for the purposes for which it was collected; and

                                               •    at all times respect any confidential and/or data protection obligations which may be in an agreement between
                                                    the Group and a third party.

                                               The Group’s Information Security Division defines the policy on protection of customer information while the
                                               Information Services Division operates a range of controls to secure information properly against accidental or




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and all other unlawful forms of
                                               processing. It covers not only handling of digital data in systems and end user computing devices but also manual
                                               handling of non-digital data such as hard copy. The policy is regularly reviewed and, if necessary, updated to comply
                                               with new laws and regulations or to address the systems and technology the Group is currently using.

                                               The privacy policy forms part of the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and is clearly set out in the Employee
                                               Handbook. All employees are required to strictly follow.




36
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has installed a cyber security framework consisting of multi-layered defense through people, processes and
technology. The layers of defense, in sequential order, are:

•    People, processes, policy, practices

•    Physical security (data centers, office)

•    Network perimeter security (Internet facing)

•    Internal network security

•    Endpoint security including workstations, servers, mobile devices, etc.

•    Application security

•    Data security

The Group provides regular security awareness and technical training to all levels of staff. These training cover a range
of topics, including awareness regarding spear phishing, social engineering attack, data privacy, PCI DSS compliance
and password and data protection. Reinforcement reminders and alerts are sent to all staff as necessary.

The Group has set up an Information Security Committee (“ISC”) which is chaired by the Chief Technology Officer.
The ISC is composed of the technical team heads and the information security team. It holds monthly meetings to
review latest cyber threats and risks, review effectiveness of implemented security controls, and provide direction for
further improvements. Well-documented Information Security Policy is in place. External and internal information
security assessments are carried out regularly.

The Group continuously keeps track of the local and global cyberthreat trend, steps out to uplift staff cybersecurity
awareness as well as deploys state-of-the-art technology to protect its data.

SmarTone has received ISO/IEC 27001 certification for its Information Security Management System. It also complies
with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).


Responding to customers’ feedback
SmarTone treasures customers’ feedback on our network and service, which drives us to continuously improve and
give us valuable insights for future development. There are many channels for the customers to voice their opinion,
including 24/7 sales and service hotlines, 24-hour online live chat, online feedback/complaint/enquiry forms via
website or mobile apps, etc.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
Our customer service representatives will handle the feedback and complaint cases timely and professionally. All
frontline and customer service representatives have received proper training to handle customer complaints and
enquiries. There is established guideline in place so that complaint or enquiry cases can be treated in a consistent
manner. Afterall, customers’ satisfaction is our utmost priority.




                                                                                                                            37
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Product responsibility
                                               We strive to adhere with all applicable laws and regulations relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
                                               privacy matters relating to the products and services of the Group.

                                               As holder of telecommunications licenses in Hong Kong, the Group takes proper and adequate safety measures for
                                               the safeguarding of life and property in connection with all installations, equipment and apparatus operated or used,
                                               including safeguarding against exposure to any electrical or radiation hazard emanating from the installations,
                                               equipment or apparatus operated or used by the Group. The Group complies with the safety standards and
                                               specifications as may from time to time be prescribed by the Communications Authority and any directions of the
                                               Authority in relation to any safety matter.

                                               The Group strictly adheres to the requirements of the Trade Description Ordinance when conducting its business.
                                               Internal training, delivered by legal practitioners, has been given to staff who are responsible for sales and marketing.

                                               The Group is primarily engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband
                                               services, and re-selling of mobile devices and accessories of other manufacturers. Due to the nature of the Group’s
                                               business, the risks of product recalls for safety and health reasons and infringement of intellectual property rights
                                               during the course of business are both minimal.

                                               Regulatory compliance
                                               During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                               that have a significant impact on the Group relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
                                               relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.


                                               Anti-corruption and whistle blowing
                                               All employees are expected to conduct business lawfully and ethically and are prohibited from accepting, offering,
                                               promising or payment of bribes from or to any individuals, companies or government officials.

                                               Employees are required to avoid any conflicts of interest, actual or potential, which will put the Group’s interests and
                                               reputation at stake. All employees must declare to the Group any interest, direct or indirect, that they or members of




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               their immediate family may have in any business or other organisations that would conflict with the interest of the
                                               Group.

                                               While the Group has set in place policies, procedures, codes and guidelines to ensure that the highest standards of
                                               conduct and integrity are observed by employees, employees may still spot malpractice and wrongdoing within the
                                               Group during the course of employment. It is the obligation of all employees, including contractual, part-time and
                                               temporary employees, to report it in accordance with the reporting procedures set out in the Whistle Blowing Policy,
                                               which aims to provide a secured and confidential channel for employees to report such cases directly to the CEO and
                                               the Audit Committee via a designated Whistle Blowing Officer. We provide whistle blowing channels not only for our
                                               employees but also for external parties such as customers and suppliers, allowing them to confidentially and
                                               anonymously report any concerns about potential improprieties related to the Group. Details of the whistle blowing
                                               procedures for external parties are available on the corporate website of SmarTone.




38
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



The above-mentioned policies on bribes, conflicts of interest and whistle blowing form part of the Group’s Code of
Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are required to strictly
follow.

All new SmarTone employees are required to attend anti-corruption training conducted by the Independent
Commission Against Corruption (“ICAC”) upon joining SmarTone. In addition, all employees are invited to participate
in ICAC’s business ethics seminars organized by Sun Hung Kai Properties Group from time to time.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. There was no
concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees during the year.


Community
SmarTone is dedicated to corporate social responsibility. It develops innovative products and services to meet the
communication and technology needs of society. It also actively engages in a wide range of social service activities to
give back to society. The Group utilizes internal resources such as technology expertise, network capacity and
employees’ leisure time (in respect of volunteer work) to support the social service activities.


Raising Cybersecurity Awareness
SmarTone has always placed great importance on network security and is fully committed to protecting our
customers. With our exclusive group of cartoon characters, the “Guardians of Network Security”, we provide
information on network security and anti-scam tips, teaching the public how to identify and avoid fraudulent
messages. We also offer a comprehensive range of network protection services to safeguard our customers from
falling for scams, giving them peace of mind.

In March 2024, SmarTone launched Hong Kong’s first “Staff Verification Code’, an anti-scam measure to combat the
increasing number of fraudulent phone calls, further protecting customers and minimizing the risk associated with
phone scams. When customers receive a call claiming to be from a SmarTone employee and are suspicious of its
authenticity, they can now request the caller to send them a one-time four-digit “Staff Verification Code” through
the exclusive SmarTone CARE App or via SMS using the Registered Sender ID “#SmarTone”. By verifying the same
code read out by the caller, customers can instantly confirm the identity of the SmarTone employee, thus protecting
themselves from falling into the trap of phone scammers.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                          39
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Advancing Smart Mobility with 5G and Innovative Technology
                                               SmarTone partners with Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB) to launch Hong Kong’s first smart solution that applies image
                                               analysis systems in buses. By leveraging 5G, artificial intelligence, machine learning and IoT technology, it provides
                                               real-time information on passenger occupancy, advancing the goal of smart transportation. Passengers can now use
                                               mobile apps to access real-time information on the approximate occupancy of upcoming buses in a visual format, thus
                                               enabling them to plan their journey more effectively. Passengers can also check the number of remaining seats in the
                                               upper deck by viewing the “On-Board Occupancy Display’ installed in the lower deck of buses, before deciding
                                               whether to go upstairs for seats, thus minimizing passenger movement during travel. All these would enhance the
                                               public transport experience for the passengers.

                                               SmarTone is in the process of deploying the 3.3GHz and 3.5GHz “5G Golden Spectrum” in MTR stations. Coupled
                                               with SmarTone’s earlier exclusive deployment of the 850MHz low-band 5G network in MTR stations, the network
                                               capacity in the stations has been significantly enhanced, delivering better signal penetration and overall quality.
                                               SmarTone has also extended its 5G Golden spectrum to Hong Kong International Airport and AsiaWorld-Expo.
                                               SmarTone’s 5G coverage extends across Hong Kong and major transportation hubs, including major highways, 23
                                               road tunnels, all MTR stations and major ports. This means passengers can enjoy seamless, high-quality and the best
                                               connectivity anytime, anywhere. SmarTone is committed to expanding its network coverage and enhancing
                                               connectivity performance, aiming to deliver the most advanced network for the public and the infrastructures in Hong
                                               Kong, pioneering Hong Kong’s transformation into a smart city.


                                               Nurturing the Youth
                                               SmarTone and the Communications Association of Hong Kong co-organized the “GreenTech ICT Open Day” to
                                               inspire students at the Buddhist Wong Wan Tin College about innovation and technology, particularly in
                                               telecommunications. SmarTone experts discussed the evolution of mobile technology, the impact of AI and exciting
                                               career prospects at SmarTone. Students visited our base station, switching center and retail store, experienced the
                                               latest flagship handset and witnessed the lightning-fast 5G network.


                                               Supporting Charities
                                               SmarTone fully supports charity events in the city. For example, we supported the BOC Life Hong Kong Harbour
                                               Marathon 2024 by providing 5G Wi-Fi for the event. The marathon is the first-ever physical fund-raising running event




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               that loops around Victoria Harbour, aiming to raising funds for the RunOurCity Foundation and St. James’
                                               Settlement’s youth development and STEAM education projects.

                                               We also encourage colleagues to actively participate in charity fund-raising activities, such as the Hong Kong
                                               Cyclothon and the Community Chest Corporate Challenge.




40
             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



SmarTone Volunteer Service Team
SmarTone regularly offers volunteering opportunities to our staff and actively encourages and promotes volunteerism
as a means of giving back directly to the community. These activities are organized by Human Resources with the
enthusiastic participation of individuals who form the SmarTone Volunteer Service Team. Through their collective
efforts, SmarTone staff have made positive impact on the lives of many individuals and have also gained valuable
personal experiences and insights. This commitment to volunteering has been recognized and awarded, as SmarTone
has received the prestigious Caring Company Scheme award every year since 2002/03.

During the year under review, SmarTone organized or participated in many social service activities, including the
following:

•    Smartphone workshops
     The volunteer team once again collaborated with HKSKH Lok Man Alice Kwok Integrated Service Centre to run a
     workshop to teach the elderly how to use the smartphones to deal with the different needs of their daily lives,
     including the use of transportation and instant messaging apps.

•    Meals for the needy
     Our volunteers demonstrated their support for Gingko House by helping to prepare and distribute free meal
     boxes to the underprivileged. Gingko House is a social enterprise aims to promote employment for the elderly,
     including hiring them to work in the restaurants run by it. Gingko House also provides free meals to the needy in
     the neighborhood as part of its social service initiatives.

•    Visits to the elderly
     SmarTone volunteers visited the elderly in the To Kwa Wan district, bringing them gifts and engaging in
     conversations to better understand their needs. Our aim is to offer them love and care. Through the visits, our
     volunteers identified certain hidden issues and reported them to social workers for follow-up.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                         41
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Key performance indicators
                                               Environmental Performance

                                                                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                                                               Unit      30 June 2024        30 June 2023


                                               Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
                                                Combustion of fuels in motor vehicles (under Scope 1)                  tonne CO2e                   87                  93
                                                Use of electricity (under Scope 2)                                     tonne CO2e               47,451              46,353


                                                    Total GHG emissions1                                               tonne CO2e               47,538              46,446


                                                    Total GHG emissions intensity                                     tonne CO2e/                 0.011               0.010
                                                                                                                   service revenue
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                                               Energy consumption
                                                Electricity                                                                   MWh              108,303             105,453
                                                Gasoline and diesel                                                           MWh                  334                 357


                                                    Total energy consumption                                                  MWh              108,637             105,810


                                                    Total energy consumption intensity                                       MWh/                 0.024               0.023
                                                                                                                   service revenue
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                                               Paper consumption
                                                Paper consumed (printing paper used during the course                            kg             13,175              14,033
                                                 of business in offices, retail shops and stores)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                Paper recycled (all kinds of paper collected during the                          kg             14,902              12,617
                                                 course of business and sent to recycling)


                                               Note:

                                               1.      Emission data in Scope 2 is calculated by multiplying electricity consumption and the emission factor from CLP Group or
                                                       Hongkong Electric Company Limited.




42
           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Social performance

                                                        Year ended      Year ended
                                               Unit    30 June 2024   30 June 2023


Employee profile
 Total workforce                       no. of people          1,225         1,277
 Total workforce by rank
   — Managerial                        no. of people           317            301
   — General                           no. of people           908            976
 Total workforce by gender
   — Female                            no. of people           431            465
   — Male                              no. of people           794            812
 Total workforce by age group
   — Under 30                          no. of people           135            173
   — 30–50                             no. of people           780            810
   — Above 50                          no. of people           310            294
 Total workforce by employment type
   — Full-time                         no. of people          1,195         1,241
   — Part-time                         no. of people             30            36

Employee turnover
 Employee turnover rate                          %           21.0%         28.8%
 Employee turnover rate by gender
   — Female                                      %           24.4%         34.8%
   — Male                                        %           20.0%         25.4%
 Employee turnover rate by age group
   — Under 30                                    %           37.7%         62.9%
   — 30–50                                       %           21.7%         27.8%
   — Above 50                                    %           13.5%         12.6%

Occupational health and safety
  Work-related fatalities1             no. of people             0              0
 Lost days due to work injury                   days            83              0




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                     43
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                                                             Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                                                                 Unit       30 June 2024       30 June 2023


                                               Development and training
                                                 Total workforce trained                                               no. of people                    818          1,034
                                                 Employee trained by employee category
                                                   — Managerial                                                        no. of people                   283             249
                                                       % of employees in this category                                           %                  89.3%           82.7%
                                                   — General                                                           no. of people                   535             785
                                                       % of employees in this category                                           %                  58.9%           80.4%
                                                 Employee trained by gender
                                                   — Female                                                            no. of people                   341             395
                                                       % of employees of this gender                                             %                  79.1%           84.9%
                                                   — Male                                                              no. of people                   477             639
                                                       % of employees of this gender                                             %                  60.1%           78.7%
                                                 Average training hours per employee by employee
                                                   category
                                                   — Managerial                                                     hours/employee                     6.38           6.95
                                                   — General                                                        hours/employee                    10.63          16.07
                                                 Average training hours per employee by gender
                                                   — Female                                                         hours/employee                     6.11          12.00
                                                   — Male                                                           hours/employee                    11.97          15.03
                                               Supply Chain Management
                                                 Number of approved suppliers by geographical location
                                                   — Local                                                                         no.                  375            375
                                                   — Overseas                                                                      no.                   42             42

                                               Product Responsibility
                                                 Number of complaints received2                                          no. of cases                   235            225

                                               Notes:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               1.   There is no work-related fatality in each of the past three years including the year ended 30 June 2024.

                                               2.   This represents the number of complaint cases received from outside sources including the Office of the Communications
                                                    Authority and the Consumer Council.




44
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024.


Principal activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


Business review
The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 10 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 11 to 13 of this
Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


(i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
     As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 24 to 25, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
     management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
     the Group’s operations and business.

     The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The following are the key
     risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

     Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competition, which has led to pricing pressure and
     increased marketing costs.

     Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
     business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
     operations and affect the service to customers.

     Compliance – The Group operates in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make sure
     that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws and
     regulations will result in legal penalties, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

     Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


(ii) Environmental policies and performance




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.




                                                                                                                          45
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               (iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the risks of
                                                    non-compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws
                                                    and regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant training and guidance to staff. To
                                                    the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
                                                    regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2024.


                                               (iv) Relationship with employees
                                                    People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
                                                    training and career development opportunities. It also recognizes good performance. It provides a variety of
                                                    activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

                                                    The Group has established a good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


                                               (v) Relationship with customers
                                                    The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
                                                    improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
                                                    discussions, market surveys, hotlines, social media, online live chat, etc.

                                                    The Group’s superior service has been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from
                                                    various reputable organizations during the past years.


                                               (vi) Relationship with suppliers
                                                    The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
                                                    anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
                                                    suppliers.


                                               Results
                                               The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2024 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               page 80.


                                               Dividend
                                               The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2024 of $0.175 per share
                                               (2022/23: $0.175 per share). The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of $0.145 per share paid
                                               by the Company during the year (2022/23: $0.145 per share), makes a total dividend for the year of $0.32 per share
                                               (2022/23: $0.32 per share).


                                               Five years financial summary
                                               A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
                                               page 74.




46
                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Distributable reserves
Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2024, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
laws, amounted to $747,268,000 (30 June 2023: $1,117,995,000).


Donations
During the year, the Group did not make any charitable or other donations (2022/23: Nil).


Share capital
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are shown in note 35 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

*    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                            **     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
      Chairman
                                                            **     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
*    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
      Deputy Chairman                                       **     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                **     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
      Deputy Chairman
                                                            **     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
      Chief Executive Officer                               **     Mr. Peter Kung

     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen

*    Mr. David Norman Prince

*    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

*    Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick1

*    Non-Executive Director
**   Independent Non-Executive Director

Note:




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
1.   Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 11 April 2024.




                                                                                                                             47
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Cheung Wing-yui, Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen,
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel retire by rotation at the forthcoming
                                               annual general meeting. In accordance with Bye-law No. 83(2), Dr. Poon Sun-cheong, Patrick also retires at the
                                               forthcoming annual general meeting. All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
                                               forthcoming annual general meeting.

                                               The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
                                               Company’s Bye-laws.

                                               None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
                                               with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
                                               compensation, other than statutory compensation.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his
                                               independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                               (the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


                                               Directors’ emoluments
                                               The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
                                               by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
                                               rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
                                               Company are based on the terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
                                               the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 are shown in note 41 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements and
                                               contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
                                               business
                                               Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
                                               significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
                                               interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                               Biographical details of Directors
                                               Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 62 to 69.




48
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions
which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the Model
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the
Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                     Number of shares held
                                              Personal                                   Number of
                                              interests                                  underlying                        % of
                                               (held as                                 shares held                      issued
                                             beneficial         Other                  under equity                      voting
     Name of Director                           owner)       Interests           Total derivatives             Total     shares

     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                         –     5,162,3371        5,162,337                –    5,162,337       0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                       437,359              –         437,359                 –     437,359        0.04

     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                            –              –               –       4,000,0002     4,000,000       0.36
                                                                                              (Personal
                                                                                            interests in
                                                                                         share options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                     146,000        11,0003         157,000                 –     157,000        0.01

     Notes:

     1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
           beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     2.    These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
           physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
           titled “Share option scheme”.

     3.    These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                                    49
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company

                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)


                                                                                                   Number of shares held
                                                                                            Personal                                 Number of
                                                                                            interests                                underlying                   % of
                                                                                             (held as                               shares held                 issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                under equity                 voting
                                                         Name of Director                     owner)       interests         Total derivatives          Total   shares

                                                         Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond             188,743 568,610,1861      570,378,929            –   570,378,929    19.68
                                                                                                       1,580,0002

                                                         Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                 1,000              –          1,000            –         1,000     0.00

                                                         David Norman Prince                   2,000              –          2,000            –         2,000     0.00

                                                         Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                       –         7,0003          7,000            –         7,000     0.00

                                                         Li Ka-cheung, Eric                        –         4,0284          4,028            –         4,028     0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




50
                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)


                                                              Number of shares held
                                                   Personal                                                         Number of
                                                   interests                                                        underlying                                         % of
                                                    (held as                                                       shares held                                       issued
                                                  beneficial                  Other                               under equity                                       voting
    Name of Director                                 owner)                interests                        Total derivatives                       Total            shares

    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                   –         3,485,0001                3,485,000                        –           3,485,000                0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                           4,000,000                            –          4,000,000            4,000,0002              8,000,000                0.34

    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                                      –                        –                       –       3,700,0002              3,700,000                0.16

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                            50,000                            –               50,000                      –              50,000                0.00

    Notes:

    1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
         beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.   These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
         physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
         options are shown below:

                                                                                                                          Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                                   Exercise                                 Outstanding      Granted during Exercised during     Lapsed during    Outstanding
         Name of Director       Date of grant         price        Exercise period*        at 1 July 2023          the year         the year          the year at 30 June 2024
                                                          $

         Fung Yuk-lun, Allen    22 May 2019          6.688           22 May 2020 to            4,000,000                 –                –         (4,000,000)              –
                                                                       21 May 2024

                                4 May 2022           6.532            4 May 2023 to            4,000,000                 –                –                  –       4,000,000
                                                                        3 May 2027

         Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   22 May 2019          6.688           22 May 2020 to            1,000,000                 –                –         (1,000,000)              –
                                                                       21 May 2024

                                5 May 2021           7.982            5 May 2022 to            2,500,000                 –                –                  –       2,500,000
                                                                        4 May 2026

                                12 January 2023      4.514        12 January 2024 to           1,200,000                 –                –                  –       1,200,000
                                                                    11 January 2028




                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
         *        The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                                                                 51
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                    (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                        associated corporations:


                                                                                                                                                               Actual %
                                                                                                                                     Actual shares        of interests in
                                                                                                                                     held through         issued voting
                                                         Name of associated corporation                                               corporation                 shares


                                                         Hung Carom Company Limited                                                              251                 25.00

                                                         Tinyau Company Limited                                                                   11                 50.00

                                                         Open Step Limited                                                                        81                 80.00

                                                         Vivid Synergy Limited                                                        963,536,9001                   20.00

                                                         Note:

                                                         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                              certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                               interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and SEHK
                                               pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
                                               deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
                                               Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to
                                               the Model Code.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




52
                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share option scheme
The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company held
on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
by SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.


1. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                      Outstanding    Granted    Exercised      Canceled     Lapsed Outstanding
                                           Exercise          Exercise    at 1 July     during      during         during     during  at 30 June
    Grantee                Date of grant      price           period         2023    the year    the year       the year   the year        2024
                                                  $


    Director
    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964    21 April 2024 to   4,000,000         –            –             –          –     4,000,000
                                                        20 April 20281

    Note:

    1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of
           the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
           anniversary of the date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.


    Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other
    participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were
    granted, exercised, canceled or lapsed during the year.

    The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
    105,898,860 on both 1 July 2023 and 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                                                   53
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
                                                   A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below:

                                                   (a) Purpose
                                                        The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive to participants to contribute to the Group
                                                        and/or to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources
                                                        that are valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of the
                                                        Group.

                                                   (b) Participants
                                                        Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including any
                                                        director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of the
                                                        Group based on his/her work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
                                                        relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme.

                                                   (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
                                                        The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
                                                        Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10%
                                                        of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the Share Option Scheme by the shareholders of the
                                                        Company.

                                                        The Company may seek approval by the shareholders in general meeting for “refreshing” the 10% limit
                                                        under the Share Option Scheme. However, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise
                                                        of all options to be granted under all of the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of
                                                        the Company under the limit as “refreshed” must not exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of
                                                        approval of the limit.

                                                        The limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted
                                                        and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
                                                        Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        On 3 September 2024, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 109,898,860 shares
                                                        which represents approximately 9.97% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                   (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                        The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Option Scheme is that the total number of
                                                        shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to such participant (including both
                                                        exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue.
                                                        Where any further offer of the grant of options to a participant would result in the shares issued and to be
                                                        issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
                                                        canceled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further
                                                        offer representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further offer of grant must be
                                                        separately approved by the shareholders in general meeting with such participant and his close associates
                                                        (or his associates if the participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

54
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (e) Time of exercise of option
          The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
          Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date on which the offer of the grant of the
          relevant option is made.

          Unless otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of offer, there is
          neither any performance target that needs to be achieved by the grantee before an option can be exercised
          nor any minimum period for which an option must be held before the option can be exercised.

     (f) Payment on acceptance of option
          An option shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate of the offer letter, comprising
          acceptance of the option, duly signed by the grantee together with a remittance in favor of the Company
          of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the secretary of the Company within
          28 days from the date of offer.

     (g) Basis of determining the subscription price
          The subscription price shall be determined by the Board and notified to a participant at the time of offer of
          the option(s) and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in SEHK’s daily
          quotations sheets on the date of offer, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the
          shares as stated in SEHK’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date
          of offer; and (iii) the nominal or par value of the shares.

     (h) Remaining life
          The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
          adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2021.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee from the market at the cost of the Company and be held in trust
for selected employees until the end of each vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees
upon vesting. The selected employees are not required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares.
No new shares of the Company will be issued under the Share Award Scheme.

There were no unvested awarded shares as of 1 July 2023. No shares were granted, vested, canceled or lapsed under
the Share Award Scheme during the year ended 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
The number of shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was 107,171,217
on both 1 July 2023 and 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                             55
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
                                               A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

                                               (a) Purpose and objectives
                                                   The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognize the contributions by certain employees
                                                   and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the
                                                   Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

                                               (b) Administration
                                                   The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the Scheme
                                                   Rules.

                                               (c) Duration
                                                   Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Share
                                                   Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                               (d) Maximum limit
                                                   The total number of shares that may be awarded under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the
                                                   shares in issue (i.e., 1,124,269,277 shares) as at the Adoption Date.

                                               (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                   Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any employee
                                                   (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share Award Scheme
                                                   as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or allocation of awarded
                                                   shares.

                                                   The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded sums
                                                   and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number of shares in
                                                   accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such shares until they
                                                   are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making the
                                                   award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer the
                                                   relevant awarded shares to that selected employee. The selected employees are not required to pay any purchase
                                                   price for the transfer of the vested shares.




56
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(f) Vesting and Lapse
     Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with the
     timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
     anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
     award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee of
     the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

     Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such shares
     for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having taken into
     account the recommendations of the Board.

(g) Voting Rights
     The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

(h) Termination
     The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date or
     such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect any
     subsisting rights of the selected employees.


Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                         Total number           % of issued
Name                                                                                         of shares         voting shares


Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                  806,362,555                 73.16%

HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                    807,292,867                 73.24%

Notes:

1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
     held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares of the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     deemed to be interested in 763,199,672 shares of the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
     interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares of the Company.

     In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
     mentioned 806,362,555 shares of the Company.

2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
     deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
     SFO.
                                                                                                                                     57
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
                                               or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
                                               Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
                                               SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections titled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations a
                                               party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse and
                                               children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has an interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                               Group.


                                               Permitted indemnity provision
                                               The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
                                               indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which he/
                                               she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
                                               the extent permitted by the laws.

                                               The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
                                               which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


                                               Sufficiency of public float




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
                                               confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.




58
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased 4,205,500 shares of the Company on SEHK. These
repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2024. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                               Number of              Price per share
                                                   shares                                              Aggregate
Month of repurchase                          repurchased             Highest            Lowest          price paid
                                                                           $                 $                   $


September 2023                                  1,923,500               4.10                3.98         7,801,000
October 2023                                    1,014,500               4.06                3.92         4,040,000
November 2023                                      50,000               3.94                3.92           197,000
March 2024                                        398,000               3.85                3.82         1,524,000
April 2024                                        819,500               3.84                3.76         3,114,000


                                                4,205,500                                              16,676,000


The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2024 was there any purchase, sale or redemption
by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against such
rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.


Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                        59
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases attributable to major suppliers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                              27%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                        45%

                                               None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the
                                               Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers
                                               noted above.

                                               During the year, the Group sold less than 30% of its total goods and services to its five largest customers.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements also constitute
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. During the year ended 30 June 2024, the aggregate amounts of right-of-use assets acquired and
                                                          the payments recognized as expenses under such leases and licenses were $142,118,000 and $23,066,000
                                                          respectively.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2024, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $4,216,000.

                                                    (c)   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year ended




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                          30 June 2024, the revenue received or receivable by the Group was $11,581,000.

                                                    (d)   The Group provides information and communication technology (ICT) solutions to certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization, connectivity and industry-
                                                          specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2024, the revenue received or receivable was $118,671,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.




60
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
     “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its
     findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this
     section in accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

2.   At 30 June 2024, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their re-
appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 3 September 2024




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                          61
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 71) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
                                               Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and TFS
                                               are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 74) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of
                                               the CPA Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo
                                               Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor
                                               in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
                                               director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                               Limited. Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of Tianjin Development Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a member of the Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong
                                               Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council
                                               member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the council




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a
                                               director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
                                               Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                               University in 2016.




62
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 56) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was re-
designated as Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from
Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to 1994
and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung
worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the managing
partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He is
also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, and has been elected a Professor of Practice at The Hong
Kong Management Association, and the vice chairman of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.
Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee of
the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company.


LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Fiona Lau (aged 42) was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in February
2023.

Prior to joining SmarTone, Ms. Lau was an executive director and the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings
Ltd. (“SUNeVision”). Since 2017, she has taken up various sales and business development roles in SUNeVision,
spearheading the transformation of the company into a customer-centric organization. Ms. Lau is currently a non-
executive director of SUNeVision.

Prior to joining Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited in 2017 and taking up various leadership roles at SUNeVision, Ms. Lau
was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held a number of senior positions across the
chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions from 2010 to 2017. Between 2005 and
2010 she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

A graduate of The University of Chicago, Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
Ms. Lau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




                                                                                                                         63
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 63) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company Limited
                                               (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

                                               Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering of
                                               City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince (aged 73) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
                                               experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
                                               Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun
                                               Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince served as a non-executive director and a member of both the Audit and Governance Committees at
                                               Adecco SA, a global leader in human resources services, until his retirement in April 2024. During his tenure, he
                                               played a key role in establishing a joint venture with Beijing Foreign Enterprise Human Resources Service Co., Ltd.
                                               (FESCO) to provide HR services in China, and he also served as a member of the joint venture’s board.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
                                               was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
                                               acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
                                               join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
                                               Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

64                                             Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.
                                                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 71) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of
Wilson Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun
Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had
more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business
operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.


POON Sun-cheong, Patrick Non-Executive Director
Dr. Patrick Poon (aged 77), SBS, LLD, BSc, FIFA, was appointed Director of the Company in April 2024. Dr. Poon is
Chairman of Shing Cheong Charitable Foundation Limited, Harvest SCP Group Company Limited and Master Insight
Media Limited.

Dr. Poon has a 40 years career in life insurance industry since 1972, starting as an actuarial trainee at AIA Hong Kong.
He qualified as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries in 1975 and served management and CEO positions in AIA, Aetna
Taiwan, Aetna International, ING group and China Pacific Life Insurance before his retirement in 2011. He was
Independent Non-Executive Director of Hang Seng Insurance Company Limited in Hong Kong (2012–2022).

Dr. Poon is a Governor of The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong and Chairman of its Foundation. He is also
Honorary Chairman of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Foundation and Deputy Chairman of The University of
Hong Kong Foundation. He is Charter President of the Rotary Club of Hong Kong Harbour and President of The
Association of Zhong Shan Siulamese in Hong Kong. He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Sinfonietta (2021–2023)
and President of the Hong Kong Professionals and Senior Executives Association (2022–2024). Dr. Poon has been an
independent consultant to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since May 2024.

Dr. Poon is a well-known philanthropist with donations mainly in the area of supporting tertiary education and
community service.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li (aged 71), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed
Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
Dr. Li was a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public
Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                                                                                                           65
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 75) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
                                               China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
                                               executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Ng was a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s
                                               Republic of China.

                                               Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                               Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                               and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                               Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from
                                               1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community Chest
                                               of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from
                                               2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of
                                               Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                               Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                               from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                               to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018 and an independent non-
                                               executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2022.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.


                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan (aged 61) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is the Chief Executive
                                               Officer of Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software used to detect anomalous activity
                                               on networks and systems.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which
                                               became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. in 2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank
                                               Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




66
                                                                                DIRECTORS PROFILE



LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 50) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. Mr. Lam is currently chief executive
officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an
independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s
Asia Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before
McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is chairman of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
Franklin Scholar.


LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Samuel Lee (aged 57) was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021. Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer
of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in transforming the data center business and
building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With more than 25 years of experiences in the IT
and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and forward-looking business leader, with proven
track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
been a senior advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                             67
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Peter Kung (aged 62) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022. Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th
                                               and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He is currently Vice President
                                               of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and
                                               Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert
                                               Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Kung is
                                               also a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered
                                               Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also
                                               Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

                                               Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
                                               Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
                                               Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

                                               Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited,
                                               Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) and CCB
                                               International (Holdings) Limited. Mr. Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM,
                                               and a director of CUHK Medical Centre Limited. He has been a China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency
                                               Limited since October 2019.

                                               Mr. Kung is also a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




68
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona and Mr. Chau
Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed
in Hong Kong.

Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her serving as an Executive Director
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to
review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Lau’s appointment
as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in
accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by
the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on
prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the
Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-
laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2024 are disclosed in note 41 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2024 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 49 to 52 of this Annual Report.


Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                                             69
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               1. Nurturing Talents
                                                  We offer our team a variety of training and career advancement options, such as interdepartmental exchanges,
                                                  skill-building workshops, and educational sessions. Collectively, these initiatives support the complete
                                                  development of individuals, helping them unlock their full potential and enhance their professional skills.




                                               2. Supporting Our Staff
                                                  We encourage a healthy work-life balance and foster a comfortable workplace atmosphere. We host a variety
                                                  of holiday festivities and wellness activities, enabling employees to fully enjoy their free time and engage in
                                                  personal interests.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




70
                                                                  COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



1. Green 5G Network
  During the year, we have introduced innovative carbon film coating technology on the HVAC condensers of our
  chiller units. This advanced technology represents a significant step forward in enhancing the energy efficiency
  of our operations.

  By applying this new coating, we have achieved a remarkable 6% reduction in power consumption, which
  directly contributes to our environmental goals. Additionally, the technology not only improves the efficiency of
  our HVAC systems but also extends their lifespan, reducing the need for frequent replacements and
  maintenance.

  These enhancements reflect our commitment to minimizing our carbon footprint while ensuring optimal
  performance across our infrastructure. We believe that integrating such sustainable practices is crucial for
  fostering a greener future in our 5G network operations.




                                                                  Chiller condenser before
                      Outlook of air-cooled chiller
                                                               carbon film coating treatment




2. Supporting the Hong Kong Athletes
  SmarTone is committed to supporting Hong Kong athletes and the local sports community. During the Paris
  Olympic Games 2024, we provided free local data, enabling our customers to watch the events anytime and
  anywhere, showcasing our support for the Hong Kong Team. We also expressed our gratitude to Olympic Hong
  Kong Team athletes for their hard work and dedication by offering all 35 athletes with free lifetime data. And
  our enterprise solutions arm, SmarTone Solutions sponsored reliable roaming services for the Hong Kong Team
  competing at Paris 2024 Paralympic Games for them to stay in touch with during their Paralympic journey.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                      71
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



                                               3. Enhancing Cybersecurity Awareness
                                                 SmarTone prioritizes network security and is committed to safeguarding our customers. We have launched Hong
                                                 Kong’s first “Staff Verification Code” to bolster protection and reduce the risks associated with phone scams.

                                                 Our comprehensive approach to customer safety includes regularly sharing updated anti-scam advice through
                                                 our “5 Tips for Security” initiative. This ongoing communication encourages customers to remain vigilant and
                                                 improve their understanding of network security, empowering them to recognize and respond to increasingly
                                                 sophisticated fraudulent messages, calls, and links, especially as fraud cases continue to rise.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




72
                                                                  COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



4. Supporting the Community
  In partnership with social welfare organizations like Gingko House and the Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui Lok Man
  Kwok Fung Hin Integrated Service Center, we organize a range of community initiatives. These efforts include
  the SMART Elderly Academy, the distribution of warm meals during autumn, and the Elderly-Friendly Mobile
  Consultation Station.




  During the year, Hong Kong has experienced severe black rainstorms. In support of affected residents in Shek O,
  SmarTone provided free Home 5G Broadband routers and services to local users.




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                    73
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)




                                                                                                2024       2023         2022      2021      2020

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                         6,221      6,763        6,957     6,720     6,986

                                               Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders     470         269         423       445       379

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                      0.43       0.24         0.38      0.40      0.34

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                  353       354           332       333       331
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)                0.32       0.32         0.30      0.30     0.295


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                    11,179     10,898       12,581    10,650    10,432
                                               Current liabilities                             (2,944)    (2,704)      (4,091)   (2,660)   (2,874)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities            8,235      8,194        8,490     7,990     7,558
                                               Non-current liabilities                         (3,049)    (3,110)      (3,336)   (2,893)   (2,545)
                                               Non-controlling interests                            –          –            –        22        20


                                               Net assets                                       5,186      5,084        5,154     5,119     5,033


                                               Share capital                                      110        111          111       111       112
                                               Reserves                                         5,076      4,973        5,043     5,008     4,921


                                               Total equity attributable to the Company’s
                                                 shareholders                                   5,186      5,084        5,154     5,119     5,033




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




74
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) which are set out on pages 80 to 152, comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2024;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policies information and
     other explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 30 June 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                                                                                                                            75
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                               consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
                                               the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to revenue recognition.

                                               Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                           Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition
                                                                                                             included,
                                               Refer to note 2(y) – Summary of material accounting
                                               policies, note 3(a) – Critical accounting estimates and •          Understanding management’s control and processes
                                               judgements and note 5 – Revenues                                   in relation to revenue recognition and assessing
                                                                                                                  the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                               The Group recognized revenue of HK$6,221 million from              considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
                                               the provision of telecommunication services and sale of            and the judgement involved in determining the
                                               handsets and accessories for the year ended 30 June                assumptions to be applied.
                                               2024.
                                                                                                          •       Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                               Management’s judgement is required to identify the                 judgement on the identification of performance
                                               number of performance obligations for each multiple-               obligations based on the contractual agreements;
                                               element contract, assess the relative standalone selling
                                               price of each performance obligation and the allocation of •       Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                               revenue among those different performance obligations              judgement and estimates used to determine the
                                               in multiple-element contracts.                                     relative standalone selling price of each performance
                                                                                                                  obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                               Significant effort is spent in auditing the revenue                element contracts with reference to observable
                                               recognized by the Group because of the significant                 market data; and
                                               judgements involved in the identification of performance




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               obligations and the estimation of the relative standalone •        Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                               selling price of each performance obligation to                    allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                               allocate the total transaction prices to multiple-element          performance obligation of multiple-element
                                               arrangements.                                                      arrangements.




76
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                             77
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
                                               free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of
                                               Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                               scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                                    Group’s internal control.

                                               •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                                    related disclosures made by the directors.

                                               •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
                                                    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
                                                    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                                                    uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
                                                    are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                                    conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                               •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
                                                    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
                                                    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                               •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
                                                    activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
                                                    for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
                                                    opinion.




78
                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ka Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 3 September 2024




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                               79
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                                      Notes              $000              $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                            4,508,713         4,546,174
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          1,712,538         2,216,710


                                               Revenues                                                                5            6,221,251         6,762,884
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (1,691,876)       (2,199,365)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (410,387)         (392,289)
                                               Staff costs                                                             6             (712,825)         (730,885)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                           9             (964,576)         (978,229)
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         9           (1,740,985)       (1,759,682)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       700,602           702,434
                                               Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost              9                    –          (201,257)
                                               Finance income                                                          7               67,854            84,899
                                               Finance costs                                                           8             (105,280)         (132,693)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                9              663,176           453,383
                                               Income tax expense                                                     10(a)          (193,050)         (184,537)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                470,126          268,846


                                               Profit attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                                 470,126          268,846


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                 during the year (expressed in cents per share)                        14
                                                 Basic                                                                                   42.6              24.3
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 42.6              24.3




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




80                                             The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                          $000             $000

Profit for the year                                                                    470,126          268,846


Other comprehensive loss
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                        112           (1,138)
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                                  (640)         (8,903)


Other comprehensive loss for the year                                                      (528)        (10,041)


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to Company’s shareholders         469,598          258,805




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.                                                                                                              81
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                              2024        2023
                                                                                                                  Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        16     3,017,019   2,925,297
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                          17        93,304     101,702
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        27,647      32,241
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                 19       867,416     764,873
                                               Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22         6,651       7,291
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23        28,305     147,832
                                               Intangible assets                                                   24     3,958,076   4,431,409
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       151,420      79,326
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                          26         3,128       6,447


                                               Total non-current assets                                                   8,152,969   8,496,421


                                               Current assets
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                           28     1,576,915   1,155,152
                                               Contract assets                                                     18       101,830      93,287
                                               Trade receivables                                                   25       410,315     351,339
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       259,858     252,548
                                               Other receivables                                                   25        83,793      62,565
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23       100,817      21,749
                                               Inventories                                                         27       107,069     106,333
                                               Tax reserve certificates                                           10(b)     384,709     359,549


                                               Total current assets                                                       3,025,306   2,402,522


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                                                      29      366,208     317,302




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Other payables and accruals                                         29      747,888     660,926
                                               Contract liabilities                                                30      397,804     357,568
                                               Lease liabilities                                                   31      543,633     532,088
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                     10(b)    657,806     611,198
                                               Bank borrowings                                                     32        2,200       2,200
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                33      228,366     222,922


                                               Total current liabilities                                                  2,943,905   2,704,204




82
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                               At 30 June 2024
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                           34              51,811          63,309
Contract liabilities                                                   30               8,496           6,940
Lease liabilities                                                      31             355,743         254,906
Bank borrowings                                                        32              61,600          63,800
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                   33           2,412,756       2,578,218
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             158,315         143,079


Total non-current liabilities                                                       3,048,721       3,110,252


Net assets                                                                          5,185,649       5,084,487


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          35             110,226         110,646
Reserves                                                                            5,075,423       4,973,841


Total equity                                                                        5,185,649       5,084,487


The financial statements on pages 80 to 152 were approved by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2024 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                 Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
Director                                                Director




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                  83
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                                                                Notes       $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                  663,176      453,383
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                    16      525,909      532,220
                                                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             19      644,754      660,503
                                                 Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                        24      473,333      473,333
                                                 Amortization of customer acquisition costs                      17       87,564        87,333
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                9         9,425         6,293
                                                 Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                    –      201,257
                                                 Finance income                                                  7       (67,854)      (84,899)
                                                 Finance costs                                                   8       105,280      132,693
                                                 Share-based payments                                            6         1,361         2,094


                                                                                                                        2,442,948    2,464,210
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Increase in inventories                                                     (736)      (6,297)
                                                 (Increase)/decrease in contract assets, trade receivables,
                                                    deposits, prepayments and other receivables                          (121,252)      63,666
                                                 Increase in trade and other payables, accruals,
                                                    contract liabilities and deferred income                             110,103        22,694
                                                 Capitalization of customer acquisition costs                    17      (79,166)     (101,427)


                                               Cash generated from operations                                           2,351,897    2,442,846
                                                 Interest paid                                                            (37,105)      (73,377)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                         (127,892)    (103,354)
                                                 Purchase of tax reserve certificates                                     (25,159)      (11,753)


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                2,161,741    2,254,362




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                    (601,545)    (708,774)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                     1,338          572
                                                 Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets
                                                    at amortized cost                                                      36,835            –
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost                   –       23,519
                                                 Payment of spectrum utilization fee                             33      (224,999)    (219,636)
                                                 Decrease in short-term bank deposits                                           –    1,754,543
                                                 Interest received                                                         66,461       80,760


                                               Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities                       (721,910)    930,984



84
                                       CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                     Notes              $000                $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Issue of shares                                                                           –              4,772
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                    (16,676)           (1,463)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                                 –             (1,743)
  Redemption of notes payable                                                               –       (1,427,211)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                         (2,200)          (19,228)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                               (646,067)        (638,845)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                       (353,121)        (331,762)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (1,018,064)      (2,415,480)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            421,767             769,866

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                 1,155,152             385,467
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                  (4)               (181)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                           28          1,576,915            1,155,152




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.               85
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                             Employee
                                                                                                                                           Capital                         share-based
                                                                                                    Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption        Contributed     compensation       Exchange     Retained
                                                                                                   capital    premium        reserve       reserve           surplus            reserve       reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                                    $000         $000          $000          $000               $000              $000          $000        $000         $000


                                               At 30 June 2022                                    110,579    1,640,986       14,296        17,466               926              1,705        (1,475)   3,369,301    5,153,784


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                      –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     268,846      268,846
                                               Other comprehensive loss
                                               Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
                                                 through other comprehensive income                     –           –        (8,903)            –                  –                    –           –           –      (8,903)
                                               Currency translation differences                         –           –              –            –                  –                    –     (1,138)           –      (1,138)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the year
                                                 ended 30 June 2023                                     –           –        (8,903)            –                  –                    –     (1,138)    268,846      258,805


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Issue of shares                                       120        6,018             –             –                  –            (1,366)            –            –       4,772
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                            –           –             –             –                  –              2,094            –            –       2,094
                                               Lapse of share award                                     –           –             –             –                  –               (141)           –         141             –
                                               Vesting of share award                                   –           –             –             –             1,944             (2,044)            –         100             –
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 35)                        (53)           –             –            53                  –                   –           –      (1,463)      (1,463)
                                               Purchase of shares for share award scheme                –           –             –             –            (1,743)                   –           –            –      (1,743)
                                               Payment of 2022 final dividend                           –           –             –             –                  –                   –           –    (171,325)    (171,325)
                                               Payment of 2023 interim dividend (note 15)               –           –             –             –                  –                   –           –    (160,437)    (160,437)


                                               Total transactions with owners                          67       6,018             –            53               201             (1,457)            –    (332,984)    (328,102)


                                               At 30 June 2023                                    110,646    1,647,004        5,393        17,519              1,127                  248     (2,613)   3,305,163    5,084,487




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




86
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                       Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                                           Capital                  share-based
                                                    Share       Share    Revaluation   redemption     Contributed compensation          Exchange    Retained
                                                   capital   premium         reserve       reserve        surplus       reserve           reserve     profits       Total
                                                     $000        $000           $000          $000           $000          $000              $000       $000        $000


At 30 June 2023                                    110,646   1,647,004         5,393       17,519           1,127              248        (2,613)   3,305,163   5,084,487


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                      –          –              –            –               –                   –          –     470,126     470,126
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                     –          –          (640)            –               –                   –          –           –        (640)
Currency translation differences                         –          –              –            –               –                   –        112           –          112


Total comprehensive income for the year
  ended 30 June 2024                                     –          –          (640)            –               –                   –        112     470,126     469,598


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                            –          –              –            –               –            1,361             –            –       1,361
Repurchase of shares (note 35)                       (420)          –              –          420               –                –             –     (16,676)    (16,676)
Payment of 2023 final dividend                           –          –              –            –               –                –             –    (193,117)   (193,117)
Payment of 2024 interim dividend (note 15)               –          –              –            –               –                –             –    (160,004)   (160,004)


Total transactions with owners                       (420)          –              –          420               –            1,361             –    (369,797)   (368,436)


At 30 June 2024                                    110,226   1,647,004         4,753       17,939           1,127            1,609        (2,501)   3,405,492   5,185,649




                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24


The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                            87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2024.


                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies
                                                   The material accounting policies are applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements. These
                                                   policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and Hong
                                                              Kong Companies Ordinance (“HKCO”)
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
                                                              and disclosure requirements of the HKCO Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been
                                                              prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other
                                                              comprehensive income, measured at fair value.

                                                        (ii) New standard and amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                                                              The Group has applied the following new standard and amendments to standards for the first time for
                                                              its annual reporting period commencing on 1 July 2023.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice              Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                                                                Statement 2 (Amendments)
                                                              HKAS 8 (Amendments)                    Definition of Account Estimates
                                                              HKAS 12 (Amendments)                   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                                                        Single Transaction
                                                              Amendment to HKAS 12                   International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
                                                              HKFRS 17                               Insurance Contracts
                                                              HKFRS 17 (Amendment)                   Initial application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 – Comparative
                                                                                                        information

                                                              The adoption of these new standard and amendments to standards did not have any material effect
                                                              on the results and financial position of the Group.




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
     (iii) New standards and amendments to standards and interpretations to existing
           standards not yet adopted
         Certain new standard and amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
         been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2024 reporting periods and have not been early
         adopted by the Group.

         HKAS 1 (Amendments)                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
         HKAS 1 (Amendments)                             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants1
         HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                           Associate or Joint Venture2
         HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
         HK-Interpretation 5 (Revised)                   Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by
                                                           the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                           Repayment on Demand Clause1
         Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangement1
         HKAS 21 (Amendments)                            Lack of Exchangeability3
         Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                           Financial Instruments4
         HKFRS 18                                        Presentation and disclosure in Financial Statements5
         HKFRS 19                                        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures5

         1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
         2
              To be determined
         3
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
         4
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
         5
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


         The Group does not expect that these new standards and amendments to standards and
         interpretations to existing standards would have any material impact on its results and financial
         position.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                      89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                                                        (i)   Subsidiaries
                                                              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                                              controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                                                              with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of
                                                              the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                                                              Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies
                                                              are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                                              impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                                                              necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                                                              statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                        (ii) Associates
                                                              Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                              control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                              Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                              after initially being recognized at cost.

                                                        (iii) Equity method
                                                              Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted
                                                              thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                              profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
                                                              other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognized as a
                                                              reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                              the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further
                                                              losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                              Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of
                                                              the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                              provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                              investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                              Group.

                                                              The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                              policy described in note 2(j).


90
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
     (iv) Changes in ownership interests
          The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
          transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
          between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
          interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
          interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity
          attributable to owners of the Company.

          When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
          control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair
          value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
          initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
          associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
          income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
          assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
          are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
          applicable HKFRSs.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
          proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
          reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


  (c) Separate financial statements
     Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
     of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
     received and receivable.

     Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
     investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
     dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
     the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


  (d) Segment reporting
     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
     operating decision maker.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
     performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions. Since the Group is only engaged in
     telecommunications and related services, the Group has identified only one reportable segment. No
     geographical information has been disclosed as the majority of the Group’s operating activities are carried
     out in Hong Kong. The Group’s assets (both current assets and non-current assets) and revenues derived
     from activities outside Hong Kong are less than 5% of the Group’s assets and revenues, respectively.
                                                                                                                           91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (e) Foreign currency translation
                                                        (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                                                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                                                              currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                                                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
                                                              the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at
                                                              the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
                                                              transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                              currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss.

                                                              Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank borrowings, financial assets at amortized cost
                                                              and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account within
                                                              “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated profit
                                                              and loss account on a net basis within “other operating expenses, net”.

                                                              Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
                                                              fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                        (iii) Group companies
                                                              The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                              are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                              •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                   of that balance sheet;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                   are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                   cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                   expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

                                                              •    all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                              On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                                                              entities are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the
                                                              associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                                                              In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                                              includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                                              are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss.

92
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (f) Intangible assets
     Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization (where
     the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

     (i)   Spectrum utilization fee
           Spectrum utilization fee represents the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
           telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
           present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,
           together with the related obligations. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the
           remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

           The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments
           represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being ready
           for its intended use, is capitalized as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
           borrowing costs as set out in note 2(t). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
           use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
           they are incurred.

           Variable annual payments are recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.


  (g) Fixed assets
     Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
     Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
     appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
     Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
     accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
     charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

     Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
     over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

     Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
     Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
     Network and testing equipment                                                                     62/3%–50%




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                                 20%–331/3%
     Other fixed assets                                                                               20%–331/3%

     The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
     cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

     No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
     therein.
                                                                                                                        93
     Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (g) Fixed assets (continued)
                                                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                        reporting period.

                                                        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                                                        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

                                                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                                        included in profit or loss.


                                                   (h) Leases
                                                        An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
                                                        determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                                                        time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the
                                                        arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.

                                                        Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the dates at which the
                                                        leased assets are available for use by the Group.

                                                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                                                        (i)   Lease liabilities
                                                              Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                                                              •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                                                              •    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

                                                              •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                   exercising an option to terminate the lease.

                                                              Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                                              measurement of the liability.

                                                              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                                                              determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would
                                                              have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
                                                              environment with similar terms and conditions.




94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (h) Leases (continued)
      (i)   Lease liabilities (continued)
            To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

            •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the Group as a starting point,
                 adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

            •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                 held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

            •    makes adjustments specific to the lease.

            The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
            rate, which are not included in the lease liability until effective. When adjustments to lease payments
            based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
            use asset.

            Lease payments are allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
            the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
            rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

      (ii) Right-of-use assets
            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

            •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentive received;

            •    any initial direct costs; and

            •    restoration costs.

            The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives and the lease terms
            on a straight-line basis.

      (iii) Short-term and low-value leases




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
            Payments associated with short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets and all low-value leases
            are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms as expenses in the consolidated profit and
            loss account. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.




                                                                                                                           95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (i) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalization
                                                        The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
                                                        have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
                                                        capitalized as an asset when incurred, and amortized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
                                                        loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


                                                   (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
                                                        Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
                                                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
                                                        value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                                                        at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of
                                                        the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
                                                        suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
                                                        period.


                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                                        (i)   Classification
                                                              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                                              •    those to be measured subsequently at financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                   income; and

                                                              •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

                                                              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                                              contractual terms of the cash flows.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                                              For investments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
                                                              irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
                                                              through other comprehensive income.

                                                              For assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
                                                              payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. The Group reclassifies financial
                                                              assets at amortized cost when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

                                                        (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which
                                                              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to
                                                              receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
     (iii) Measurement
         At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
         are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

         Financial assets at amortized cost
         Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortized cost depends on the Group’s business
         model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from
         these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain
         or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/
         (losses), together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate
         line item in the consolidated profit and loss account.

         Financial assets at fair value
         The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
         management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is
         no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
         derecognition of the investment. Investment income from such investments continue to be recognized
         in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

     (iv) Impairment
         The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses for:

         •    financial assets at amortized cost; and

         •    financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income

         Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, measured based on the
         difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
         flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective
         interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other
         credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                      97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                        (iv) Impairment (continued)
                                                             Expected credit losses are recognized in stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
                                                             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, expected credit losses are provided for credit
                                                             losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
                                                             For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                                             recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses that result from all possible default events
                                                             over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default.

                                                             For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                                                             HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
                                                             receivables.

                                                             The Group considers a financial asset is in default when the Group is unlikely to receive the
                                                             outstanding contractual amounts in full, without recourse by the Group to action such as realizing the
                                                             security (if any is held). A financial asset can be classified as in default but without an allowance for
                                                             credit losses (i.e. no impairment loss is expected) after taking into account the value of collateral held
                                                             by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
                                                             the contractual cash flows. Write-offs can relate to a financial asset in its entirety, or to a portion of it,
                                                             and constitute a derecognition event.


                                                   (l) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                        currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                                        on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                        arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                        in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                   (m) Inventories




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, and purchased parts and materials are stated at the lower
                                                        of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realizable value is the
                                                        estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


                                                   (n) Trade receivables
                                                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                                                        course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
                                                        classified as current.

                                                        Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using
                                                        the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(k) for a description of the Group’s
                                                        impairment policies.


98
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (o) Contract assets
     Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognized when the Group has performed
     the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
     payment is due.


  (p) Cash and cash equivalents
     For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash at
     bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
     investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
     of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


  (q) Share capital
     Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

     Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
     deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

     Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including
     any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
     Company’s shareholders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
     shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
     transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
     shareholders.

     Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.


  (r) Trade and other payables
     These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
     financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented as
     current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
     recognized initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective
     interest method.


  (s) Contract liabilities
     The Group recognizes contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
     to the customer.




                                                                                                                     99
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                                                        settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                                                        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                        production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                        prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                        period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                        on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

                                                        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   (u) Current and deferred income tax




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                                                        based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                        liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                        (i)   Current income tax
                                                              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                              enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                              and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                                                              taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                                                              interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
                                                              to the tax authorities.




100
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (u) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
     (ii) Deferred income tax
          Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
          between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
          statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
          asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
          affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
          (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
          expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
          liability is settled.

          Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
          utilize those temporary differences and losses.

          Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying
          amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the
          timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
          reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
          tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
          Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
          and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

          Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
          recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized
          in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


  (v) Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
     events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
     can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
     not recognized for future operating losses.

     Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
     settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
     be small.

     Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to
     settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
     present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
     risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as interest
     expense.
                                                                                                                           101
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (w) Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not
                                                              recognized until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                                                              Group recognizes a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has
                                                              created a constructive obligation.

                                                        (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                              The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                                              for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                              schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                              Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds as
                                                              required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognized as an
                                                              expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                                                              recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                              available.

                                                              The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                              contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                              employee service in the current and prior periods.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




102
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (w) Employee benefits (continued)
     (iv) Share-based payments
         Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share award scheme and share
         option scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 36. The Group operates
         equity-settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from
         employees as consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

         Share award scheme
         Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
         value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognized as an
         expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
         by reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is
         recognized over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting
         conditions are to be satisfied.

         The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
         treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognized
         over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
         equity in the parent entity financial statements.

         Share option scheme
         The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized
         as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
         by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions (for
         example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
         impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
         sales growth targets). The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over
         which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period, the
         Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
         market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
         any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

         When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
         directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

         The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
         undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
         received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as
         an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
         financial statements.




                                                                                                                      103
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (x) Contingent assets and liabilities
                                                        A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                                                        only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
                                                        the Group.

                                                        Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
                                                        inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognized.

                                                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                                                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
                                                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                        cannot be measured reliably.

                                                        A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                        change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a
                                                        provision.


                                                   (y) Revenue recognition
                                                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and
                                                        services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                        discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                        The Group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                        future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                        activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                        consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                        Revenue is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        (i)   Sales of goods
                                                              Revenue from the sales of goods is recognized when control of the products has been transferred to
                                                              the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
                                                              title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                        (ii) Provision of services
                                                              Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                              and facilities and is recognized when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                              service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

                                                        (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                              The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                              standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
104                                                           element provided within the bundled contracts.
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
  (z) Interest income
     Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost and financial asset at fair value through other
     comprehensive income calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the consolidated
     profit and loss account as part of “finance income”.

     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
     financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
     financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
     deduction of the loss allowance).


  (aa) Dividend income
     Dividends are recognized as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.


  (ab) Earning per share
     (i)   Basic earnings per share
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

           •    the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders

           •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                excluding shares held for share award scheme.

     (ii) Diluted earnings per share
           Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
           take into account:

           •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


  (ac) Dividend distribution
     Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at
     the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
     the reporting period.


  (ad) Financial guarantee



                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a
     loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the terms of
     a debt instrument. The Group recognizes financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and performs
     a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
     guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
     or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
     entire difference is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.
                                                                                                                          105
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (ae) Related parties
                                                        For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the
                                                        Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence
                                                        over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party
                                                        are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals
                                                        including key management or other entities.


                                                   (af) Government grants
                                                        Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                                                        the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                                                        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the profit or loss over the period
                                                        necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


                                               3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                   The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                                                   equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
                                                   policies.

                                                   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                   including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
                                                   reasonable under the circumstances.


                                                   (a) Revenue recognition
                                                        Management’s judgement is required to identify the number of performance obligations for each multiple-
                                                        element contract, assess the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation and the
                                                        allocation of revenue among those different performance obligations in multiple-element contracts.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                        The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                        annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to each
                                                        type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their estimated
                                                        economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective economic
                                                        utilization and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the time the
                                                        purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and the
                                                        Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the Group
                                                        assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                        unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                        trends and rapid advancement in technology.




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  (c) Impairment of fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     The Group performs impairment assessment on fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets when
     there is any impairment indicator. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use
     calculations or market valuations. These calculations require judgements and estimates.

     Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether (1) an
     event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can be
     supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
     projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
     selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or the
     growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
     financial condition and results of operations.


  (d) Current and deferred income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
     determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
     were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
     in the period in which such determination is made.


  (e) Expected credit loss (“ECL”) for financial assets at amortized cost
     The measurement of the ECL for financial assets at amortized cost is an area that requires significant
     assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour.

     Significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL. The Group
     assessed whether the credit risk of the financial assets at amortized cost increased significantly since their
     initial recognition, and applied a three-stage impairment model approach to calculate the ECL. For financial
     assets at amortized cost that are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed the ECL using a model
     that incorporated relevant assumptions, including Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given Default
     (“LGD”). For financial assets at amortized cost classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL using a
     discounted cashflow model with probability weightings given to different probable scenarios. The
     assumptions also consider forward-looking estimates by referencing to macro-economic factors.

     Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in note 4.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                        107
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management
                                                   This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
                                                   financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
                                                   context.

                                                   Risk                                    Exposure arising from                          Measurement

                                                   Market risk – foreign exchange          Future commercial transactions                  Cash flow forecasting
                                                                                           Recognized financial assets and liabilities not Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                              denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
                                                   Market risk – interest rate             Long-term borrowings at variable rates          Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Market risk – security prices           Investments in equity securities                Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Credit risk                             Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, Ageing analysis Credit ratings
                                                                                              financial assets at amortized cost, other
                                                                                              receivables and contract assets
                                                   Liquidity risk                          Borrowings and other liabilities                Projected cash flow analysis

                                                   The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimize the
                                                   Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
                                                   financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                          (i)   Market risk
                                                                The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                                There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                                Foreign exchange risk
                                                                Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities
                                                                denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                                with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                impact the Group’s operating results.

                                                                Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                                currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.




108
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            Exposure
            The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk of US dollar at the end of the reporting period,
            expressed in Hong Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                            $000               $000

            Financial assets at amortized cost                                           129,122            169,581
            Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income               6,651                7,291
            Trade receivables                                                             53,030              45,492
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                    180,611            203,467
            Trade payables                                                               (66,028)            (80,139)
            Other payables and accruals                                                   (6,956)              (3,804)


                                                                                         296,430            341,888


            Sensitivity
            As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange rates.
            The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from the United States
            dollar denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                     Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                          $000             $000

            US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                             2,964              3,419
            US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                            (2,964)            (3,419)

            *    Holding all other variables constant


            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank borrowings.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
            Bank issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk which is partially offset by
            bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank borrowings and financial assets at amortized cost issued at
            fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.




                                                                                                                          109
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)
                                                              The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are
                                                              as follows:

                                                                                                                2024     % of total           2023        % of total
                                                                                                                $000    borrowings            $000       borrowings

                                                              Variable rate borrowings                         63,800        100%           66,000            100%


                                                              An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows the
                                                              proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
                                                              borrowings.

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
                                                              on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                                                                      Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $000             $000

                                                              Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                              15,040             10,833
                                                              Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                             (15,040)           (10,833)

                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial asset
                                                              at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset value
                                                              per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
                                                              manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
                                                              that may affect the value of the investment.

                                                              At 30 June 2024, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                              income had increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment
                                                              revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by approximately $665,000 (2023:
                                                              $729,000) respectively.




110
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk
          Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried at
          amortized cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
          customers, including outstanding receivables.

          Risk management
          The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
          ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the
          treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
          financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortized cost in accordance with the mandates
          as approved by the Board of Directors.

          The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
          Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
          does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

          Impairment
          The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

          •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
               of multiple-element arrangements;

          •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements;

          •    other receivables and deposits; and

          •    financial assets at amortized cost.

          While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
          identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
          measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
          and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. Details are set out in note 25.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
          The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is
          considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
          these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2024 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
          for these contract assets during the year.

          Other receivables and deposits are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity
          to meet their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model
          resulted in an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.
                                                                                                                      111
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            Expected credit loss allowance has been provided for financial assets at amortized cost. The
                                                            measurement of ECL on financial assets at amortized cost reflects:

                                                            •    an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
                                                                 possible outcomes;

                                                            •    the time value of money; and

                                                            •    reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                                                                 reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.

                                                            The Group adopts a “three-stage” model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since
                                                            initial recognition, to estimate the expected credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost. The key
                                                            definition of the three stages is summarised below:

                                                            Stage 1: For financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial recognition or
                                                            that have low credit risk at the reporting date, the expected credit losses are recognized at an amount
                                                            equal to the portions of lifetime expected credit losses that result from default events possible within
                                                            the next 12 months;

                                                            Stage 2: For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, but
                                                            there is no objective evidence of impairment, lifetime expected credit losses are recognized and
                                                            interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the asset;

                                                            Stage 3: For financial instruments in default at the end of the reporting period, lifetime expected
                                                            credit losses are recognized and interest income is calculated on the net carrying amount of the asset,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            i.e. gross carrying amount less ECL allowance.

                                                            Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)
                                                            The Group assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                                                            initial recognition on an ongoing basis. The Group sufficiently considers reasonable and supportable
                                                            information, including forward-looking information, which reflects the significant increase in credit
                                                            risk. The major factors considered include regulatory and business environment, external credit rating,
                                                            repayment ability, operation capacity, repayment behaviours, market price etc.




112
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          Definition of default (Stage 3)
          The Group determines that a financial instrument is credit impaired and in stage 3 by considering
          relevant objective evidence, primarily whether:

          •    contractual payments of either principal or interest are past due for more than 90 days;

          •    there are other indications that the borrower is unlikely to pay, such as when a concession has
               been granted to the borrower for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
               condition; and

          •    there is a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event

          Maximum exposure and year-end staging
          The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
          Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was
          available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 30 June. For financial
          assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored them by using external credit ratings and the
          amounts presented below are gross carrying amount.

                                                    12-month
                                                         ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                      Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3                Total
                                                         $000             $000          $000                $000

          At 30 June 2024
          Financial assets at amortized cost            63,876          39,824         256,870            360,570


          At 30 June 2023
          Financial assets at amortized cost          104,033           40,351         257,454            401,838




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                     113
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            During the year, the following loss allowances were recognized in consolidated profit and loss account
                                                            in relation to the Group’s financial assets measured at amortized costs.

                                                                                                      12-month
                                                                                                           ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                        Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3              Total
                                                                                                           $000             $000          $000              $000

                                                            At 1 July 2023                                     –                –        232,257         232,257
                                                            Exchange differences                               –                –           (809)           (809)


                                                            At 30 June 2024                                    –                –        231,448         231,448


                                                            For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
                                                            based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime
                                                            expected credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent
                                                            available financial information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at
                                                            amortized cost under Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected
                                                            value as a whole.

                                                            After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
                                                            weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




114
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
          amortized cost under stage 3:

                                                                      Changes
                                                                         in ECL
                                                                   recorded in
                                                                     profit and
                                                                   loss for the ECL balance
                                                                   year ended          as at                    Scenario Payment
          Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating 30 June 2024 30 June 2024 Scenario          probability terms
                                                 % 30 June 2024              $M         $M                             %

          Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% WR                       –          99.0 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 7
                       9 June 2024                                                          – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation
          Issuer 2   28 March 2024 – 6.45%–6.55% WR                         –          82.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 5
                       7 November 2024                                                      – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation
          Issuer 3   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                       –          50.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 2–7
                                                                                            – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation

                                                                            –         231.4

                                                                       Changes
                                                                          in ECL
                                                                    recorded in
                                                                      profit and
                                                                    loss for the ECL balance
                                                                    year ended          as at                     Scenario Payment
          Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating 30 June 2023 30 June 2023 Scenario            probability terms
                                                 % 30 June 2023              $M          $M                             %

          Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% Caa2                  71.8          99.3 – Restructuring    2.5%–60% 7
                       9 June 2024                                                          – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation
          Issuer 2   28 March 2024 – 6.45%–6.55% Ca                      81.7          82.5 – Restructuring    2.5%–60% 5
                       7 November 2024                                                      – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
          Issuer 3   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                    48.7          50.5 – Restructuring    2.5%–60% 2–7
                                                                                            – Straight sale
                                                                                            – Liquidation

                                                                        202.2         232.3


          For other financial assets at amortized cost under stage 1 and stage 2, the coupon rates are ranging
          from 4.5% to 6.7% (30 June 2023: 4.5% to 6.7%), with maturity dates ranging from 24 August                                 115
          2024 to 30 March 2028 and credit rating ranging from Ba2 to Caa2 (30 June 2023: from Ba1 to B1).
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (iii) Liquidity risk
                                                            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
                                                            from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

                                                            The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
                                                            cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
                                                            funding requirements could be met.

                                                            The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
                                                            meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.

                                                            The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
                                                            their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

                                                            The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
                                                            12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                            Contractual maturities of                1 year    1 year to   2 years to       Over Total contractual   Carrying
                                                            financial liabilities                    or less     2 years      5 years     5 years       cash flows    amount
                                                                                                      $000          $000         $000       $000              $000       $000

                                                            At 30 June 2024
                                                            Trade payables                          366,208           –            –           –           366,208    366,208
                                                            Other payables and accruals             585,754           –            –           –           585,754    585,754
                                                            Bank borrowings (include interest
                                                              payable)                                4,459       6,771       17,211       53,557           81,998      63,800
                                                            Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    230,493     236,122      743,537    1,828,117        3,038,269   2,641,122
                                                            Lease liabilities                       571,532     250,093      111,547        8,070          941,242     899,376




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            Total                                  1,758,446    492,986      872,295    1,889,744        5,013,471   4,556,260


                                                            At 30 June 2023
                                                            Trade payables                          317,302           –            –           –           317,302    317,302
                                                            Other payables and accruals             510,279           –            –           –           510,279    510,279
                                                            Bank borrowings (include interest
                                                              payable)                                4,465       4,382       17,427       60,411           86,685      66,038
                                                            Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    224,999     230,493      725,809    2,081,966        3,263,267   2,801,140
                                                            Lease liabilities                       540,884     199,479       57,834          931          799,128     786,994


                                                            Total                                  1,597,929    434,354      801,070    2,143,308        4,976,661   4,481,753



116
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (b) Capital management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

      •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

      •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders, comprising share
      capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
      optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
      Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

      The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
      total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance sheet less
      cash and cash equivalents and financial assets at amortized cost.

      Since the Group is in a net cash position, gearing ratio is not applicable.


   (c) Fair value estimation
      This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
      instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
      indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
      financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
      each level follows underneath the table.

      The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured and recognized at fair value at
      30 June 2024 and 2023.

                                                          Level 1          Level 2           Level 3         Total
                                                            $000             $000              $000          $000

      Assets
      Financial asset at fair value through other
         comprehensive income (note 22)

      At 30 June 2024                                            –           6,651                 –         6,651




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
      At 30 June 2023                                            –           7,291                 –         7,291


      There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.



                                                                                                                       117
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.

                                                        See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
                                                        no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


                                               5 Revenues
                                                   Revenues comprise revenues from the provisions of mobile telecommunications services and the sales of
                                                   handsets and accessories. An analysis of revenues is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                                $000               $000

                                                   Mobile telecommunications services                                                     4,508,713           4,546,174
                                                   Handsets and accessories sales                                                         1,712,538           2,216,710




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          6,221,251           6,762,884




118
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Revenues (continued)
   The Group’s revenues from the provisions of services and delivery of goods by timing of satisfaction of
   performance obligations are as follows:

                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                        $000              $000

   Timing of revenue recognition:
     Over time                                                                     4,508,713         4,546,174
     At a point in time                                                            1,712,538         2,216,710


                                                                                   6,221,251         6,762,884


   In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s chief operating
   decision-maker for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified
   only one reportable segment, which is mobile telecommunications business.


6 Staff costs
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                        $000              $000

   Wages and salaries                                                                638,246           651,130
   Bonuses                                                                            32,600            37,610
   Contributions to defined contribution plans                                        40,618            40,051
   Share-based payments                                                                1,361             2,094


                                                                                     712,825           730,885


7 Finance income
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                        $000              $000

   Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                             6,937            19,335
   Interest income from bank deposits                                                 60,917            65,564




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
                                                                                      67,854            84,899




                                                                                                                    119
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               8 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                                                Notes                   $000                 $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                                 2,338               45,858
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                        33                 64,981                68,741
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                           31                 34,729                15,743
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                34                    493                   803
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities                                      13                    361                 1,548
                                                   Loss on early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                                     2,378                     –


                                                                                                                                                    105,280              132,693


                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
                                                   retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
                                                   allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.


                                               9 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                                                Notes                   $000                 $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net
                                                     – Network costs                                                                                568,023              533,434
                                                     – Short-term and low-value leases                                                               30,979               28,748
                                                     – Impairment loss of trade receivables                                       25                  2,970                2,954
                                                     – Auditor’s remuneration




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        – Audit services                                                                              2,558                2,559
                                                        – Non-audit services                                                                            840                  815
                                                     – Net exchange gain                                                          13                 (1,423)                (664)
                                                     – Others                                                                                       360,629              410,383
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                                   9,425                6,293
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                                   16                525,909              532,220
                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            19                644,754              660,503
                                                   Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                       24                473,333              473,333
                                                   Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                     17                 87,564               87,333
                                                   (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss of inventories                   27                 (1,671)                 376
                                                   Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost (Note)                                      –              201,257

                                                   Note: Expected credit loss was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost, details
                                                         of which are set out in “Credit risk” section in note 4(a)(ii) of the consolidated financial statements.


120
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Income tax
  (a)   Income tax in the consolidated profit and loss account reports:

                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                           $000               $000

        Current income tax
          Hong Kong profits tax                                                         172,700           161,764
          Non-Hong Kong tax                                                               1,700             1,619
        Under/(over)-provision in prior years
          Hong Kong profits tax                                                               95            (6,139)


        Total current income tax expense                                                174,495           157,244

        Deferred income tax expense                                                      18,555             27,293


        Income tax expense                                                              193,050           184,537


        A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before income tax at the Hong Kong tax rate to the
        income tax expense at the Group’s effective tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                           $000               $000

        Profit before income tax                                                        663,176           453,383


        Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%)                            109,424             74,808
        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable)
          in calculating taxable income:
          Anti-epidemic fund                                                                  –                (144)
          Interest income                                                               (10,996)           (12,321)
          Net exchange loss                                                                  56                 254
          Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                          –             33,208
          Temporary differences/non-deductible expenses                                  88,739             89,791
        Difference in non-Hong Kong tax rates                                             1,885               1,682
        Under/(over)-provision in prior years                                                95              (6,139)
        Tax loss not recognized                                                           3,847               3,398




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
        Income tax expense                                                              193,050           184,537


  (b)   Included in the current income tax liabilities was a provision of $570 million (2023: $496 million) which has
        been made on the assumption that all spectrum utilization fee and related payments by the Group were not
        tax deductible. The Group is still in progress of pursuing tax deduction for these payments with the Inland
        Revenue Department. At the same time, tax reserve certificates totalling $385 million (2023: $360 million)
        have been purchased in this regard.
                                                                                                                        121
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               11 Five highest paid individuals
                                                   Of the five highest paid individuals, two (2023: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 41.
                                                   The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2023: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                                                                          $000               $000

                                                   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             8,282               8,572
                                                   Bonuses                                                                                 696                 650
                                                   Retirement scheme contributions                                                         511                 384
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                      –                   9


                                                                                                                                         9,489               9,615


                                                   The emoluments of the three (2023: three) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                                                                   Number of            Number of
                                                                                                                                   Individuals          Individuals

                                                   $2,500,001–$3,000,000                                                                      1                  1
                                                   $3,000,001–$3,500,000                                                                      1                  2
                                                   $3,500,001–$4,000,000                                                                      1                  –


                                                                                                                                              3                  3




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




122
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




12 Employee retirement benefits
  The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
  (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The
  assets of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the
  Group’s management.

  Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages of
  each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
  contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group.
  As at 30 June 2024, all available forfeited contributions had been utilized by the Group to reduce its
  contributions payable (2023: same).

  The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in
  December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
  employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
  subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2023: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
  immediately.


13 Net exchange (gain)/loss
  The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                          $000              $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 9)                                                (1,423)             (664)
  Finance costs (note 8)                                                                   361             1,548


                                                                                        (1,062)              884




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                     123
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               14 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                                                             excluding shares held for share award scheme (note 36).

                                                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                                                         Cents              Cents

                                                        Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                    42.6              24.3


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                                                         Cents              Cents

                                                        Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  42.6              24.3




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




124
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                          $000               $000

        Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
          basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      470,126            268,846


   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                       Number             Number

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
          denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
          (less shares held for share award scheme)                              1,103,917,568     1,105,815,931
        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
          Effect of awarded shares                                                        2,172           106,610


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
         ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
         diluted earnings per share                                              1,103,919,740     1,105,922,541


15 Dividends
                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Interim dividend, paid, of 14.5 cents (2023: 14.5 cents)
      per fully paid share                                                             160,004            160,437
   Final dividend, proposed, of 17.5 cents (2023: 17.5 cents)
      per fully paid share                                                             192,895            193,117


                                                                                       352,899            353,554




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
   At a meeting held on 3 September 2024, the directors proposed a final dividend of 17.5 cents per fully paid
   share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be
   reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2025.

   The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
   financial statements.


                                                                                                                       125
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                            Computer,
                                                                                                                                 billing
                                                                                                                Network      and office                       Network
                                                                                     Leasehold                and testing    telephone           Other           under
                                                                                  improvements    Buildings   equipment     equipment      fixed assets    construction         Total
                                                                                         $000         $000          $000          $000            $000            $000          $000

                                                   At 1 July 2022
                                                   Cost                               251,883     156,839     8,904,325     1,171,647         201,756         189,133     10,875,583
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     impairment                      (240,880)     (43,953)   (6,740,982)   (1,001,995)      (107,191)          (4,370)   (8,139,371)

                                                   Net book amount                     11,003     112,886     2,163,343       169,652          94,565         184,763      2,736,212

                                                   Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                   Opening net book amount             11,003     112,886     2,163,343       169,652          94,565          184,763     2,736,212
                                                   Exchange differences                   (161)       (253)            –          (282)             (62)             –           (758)
                                                   Additions                           12,612            –           956      107,817          92,860          514,683       728,928
                                                   Reclassifications                    (1,589)          –      553,310         14,937        (17,459)        (549,199)             –
                                                   Disposals                                 –           –        (4,447)           (17)        (1,859)           (542)        (6,865)
                                                   Depreciation (note 9)                (5,182)     (4,840)    (419,765)       (59,486)       (42,947)               –      (532,220)

                                                   Closing net book amount             16,683     107,793     2,293,397       232,621         125,098         149,705      2,925,297

                                                   At 30 June 2023
                                                   Cost                               253,433     156,289     9,236,096     1,268,603         272,005         154,075     11,340,501
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     impairment                      (236,750)     (48,496)   (6,942,699)   (1,035,982)      (146,907)          (4,370)   (8,415,204)

                                                   Net book amount                     16,683     107,793     2,293,397       232,621         125,098         149,705      2,925,297

                                                   Year ended 30 June 2024




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Opening net book amount             16,683     107,793     2,293,397       232,621         125,098          149,705     2,925,297
                                                   Exchange differences                     9          25             –            33              18                –            85
                                                   Additions                              501           –           482        91,823          26,766          508,737       628,309
                                                   Reclassifications                        –           –       428,309             –               –         (428,309)            –
                                                   Disposals                               (3)          –        (7,053)           (8)         (3,674)             (25)      (10,763)
                                                   Depreciation (note 9)               (7,112)     (4,341)     (405,415)      (49,199)        (59,842)               –      (525,909)

                                                   Closing net book amount             10,078     103,477     2,309,720       275,270          88,366         230,108      3,017,019

                                                   At 30 June 2024
                                                   Cost                               239,993     156,351     8,910,997     1,337,018         283,237         234,478     11,162,074
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                    impairment                       (229,915)     (52,874)   (6,601,277)   (1,061,748)      (194,871)          (4,370)   (8,145,055)

                                                   Net book amount                     10,078     103,477     2,309,720       275,270          88,366         230,108      3,017,019

126                                                At 30 June 2024, buildings with a carrying amount of $62,990,000 (2023: $65,429,000) were pledged as
                                                   security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 32).
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Customer acquisition costs
                                                             $000

  At 1 July 2022
  Cost                                                    179,157
  Accumulated amortization                                 (91,549)


  Net book amount                                          87,608


  Year ended 30 June 2023
  Opening net book amount                                   87,608
  Additions                                               101,427
  Amortization (note 9)                                    (87,333)


  Closing net book amount                                 101,702


  At 30 June 2023
  Cost                                                    280,584
  Accumulated amortization                               (178,882)


  Net book amount                                         101,702


  Year ended 30 June 2024
  Opening net book amount                                 101,702
  Additions                                                79,166
  Amortization (note 9)                                   (87,564)


  Closing net book amount                                  93,304


  At 30 June 2024
  Cost                                                    179,946
  Accumulated amortization                                (86,642)


  Net book amount                                          93,304




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                      127
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               18 Contract assets
                                                                                            2024                                            2023
                                                                                 Current Non-current              Total        Current   Non-current             Total
                                                                                   $000        $000               $000           $000          $000              $000

                                                   Contract assets              101,830          27,647        129,477         93,287         32,241           125,528


                                                   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
                                                   customers.


                                               19 Right-of-use assets
                                                   The Group leases various transmission sites, offices, warehouses, retail stores and leased lines. Rental contracts
                                                   are typically made for fixed periods of one to fifteen years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and
                                                   contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
                                                   other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
                                                   security for borrowing purposes.

                                                   The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                                                             $000                $000

                                                   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                      6,621                 7,177
                                                   Transmission sites                                                                    690,937               615,042
                                                   Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 161,282               132,001
                                                   Leased lines                                                                            8,576                10,653


                                                                                                                                         867,416               764,873




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Additions to the right-of-use assets with the corresponding increase in lease liabilities and assets retirement
                                                   obligations during the year ended 30 June 2024 were $758,405,000 (2023: $521,210,000) and $1,728,000
                                                   (2023: $2,821,000) respectively.

                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account is as follows:

                                                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                                                             $000                $000

                                                   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        622                   629
                                                   Transmission sites                                                                    536,448               553,363
                                                   Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 105,608               104,412
                                                   Leased lines                                                                            2,076                 2,099


                                                                                                                                         644,754               660,503
128
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2024 are as follows:

                           Place of            Principal activities and                    Particulars of
  Name                     incorporation       place of operation                          issued share capital          Group equity interest
                                                                                                                            2024         2023

  SmarTone (BVI) Limited* The British Virgin   Investment holding in BVI                   1,000 ordinary shares of         100%        100%
                            Islands (“BVI”)                                                  US$1 each
                                                                                           US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile          Hong Kong           Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares      100%        100%
    Communications                               handsets and accessories in Hong Kong     $100,000,000
    Limited

  SmarTone                 Hong Kong           Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares                100%        100%
    Communications                               Hong Kong                                 $2
    Limited

  SmarTone Finance         BVI                 Issuance of guaranteed notes in             1 ordinary share of US$1         100%        100%
    Limited                                       Hong Kong                                  each
                                                                                           US$1

  Birdie Mobile Limited    Hong Kong           Provision of local and international        2 ordinary shares                100%        100%
                                                 telecommunications services and           $2
                                                 mobile services and sales of
                                                 accessories in Hong Kong

  SmarTone-Comunicações Macau                  Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares of MOP100         100%        100%
    Móveis, S.A.                                 handsets and accessories in Macau           each
                                                                                           MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務                The People’s       Provision of customer support services and Registered capital of              100%        100%
   有限公司#                     Republic of China telemarketing services in Mainland China    $27,400,000

   *     Subsidiary held directly by the Company.
   #
         Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.


  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.




                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                                                 129
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               21 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                                                      $000               $000

                                                   Share of net assets                                                                                   3                    3


                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2024, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate
                                                   (2023: same).

                                                   Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2024 are as follows:

                                                                               Place of         Principal activities and     Particulars of
                                                   Name                        incorporation    place of operation           issued shares held                Interest held
                                                                                                                                                               2024         2023

                                                   New Top Finance Limited     BVI              Investment holding in BVI    375 ordinary shares of           37.5%      37.5%
                                                                                                                               US$1 each


                                                   The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                   immaterial to the Group.

                                                   There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                               22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                  income
                                                   (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
                                                       comprehensive income
                                                          Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                          •    Equity investments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at
                                                               initial recognition to recognize in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group
                                                               considers this classification to be more relevant.


                                                   (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                       income

                                                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                                                      $000               $000

                                                          Non-current asset
                                                          Unlisted security                                                                           6,651              7,291

130                                                       On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the fair value through other
                                                          comprehensive income reserve will be reclassified to retained earnings.
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (continued)
  (c) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
       During the year, the following loss was recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                                $000           $000

       Loss recognized in other comprehensive income                                             (640)        (8,903)


  (d) Fair value and risk exposure
       The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
       dollars.

       The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
       asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

       Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

       For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).


23 Financial assets at amortized cost
  Financial assets at amortized cost include the following:

                                            2024                                                 2023
                                 Current Non-current                 Total         Current    Non-current      Total
                                   $000        $000                  $000            $000           $000       $000

  Listed investments             332,265           28,305         360,570         223,504        178,334     401,838
  Less: expected credit
       loss allowance           (231,448)                –       (231,448)       (201,755)       (30,502)   (232,257)


                                 100,817           28,305         129,122           21,749       147,832     169,581


  The fair values of the financial assets at amortized cost are based on quoted market prices.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
                                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                                $000           $000

  Fair values of financial assets at amortized cost                                           103,064        145,922


  The financial assets at amortized cost are denominated in US dollars and the investments will be held to maturity.


                                                                                                                         131
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               24 Intangible assets
                                                                                               Spectrum
                                                                                          utilization fee
                                                                                                    $000

                                                   At 1 July 2022
                                                   Cost                                      6,986,541
                                                   Accumulated amortization                 (2,081,799)


                                                   Net book amount                           4,904,742


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                   Opening net book amount                   4,904,742
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                      (473,333)


                                                   Closing net book amount                   4,431,409


                                                   At 30 June 2023
                                                   Cost                                      6,986,541
                                                   Accumulated amortization                 (2,555,132)


                                                   Net book amount                           4,431,409


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2024
                                                   Opening net book amount                   4,431,409
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                      (473,333)


                                                   Closing net book amount                   3,958,076




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   At 30 June 2024
                                                   Cost                                      6,986,541
                                                   Accumulated amortization                 (3,028,465)


                                                   Net book amount                           3,958,076




132
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Trade and other receivables
                                          2024                                            2023
                               Current Non-current             Total        Current    Non-current        Total
                                 $000        $000              $000           $000           $000         $000

  Trade receivables            415,452               –      415,452        357,629               –     357,629
  Less: loss allowance          (5,137)              –       (5,137)        (6,290)              –      (6,290)


                               410,315               –      410,315        351,339               –     351,339
  Other receivables             83,793               –       83,793         62,565               –      62,565


                               494,108              –       494,108        413,904              –      413,904
  Deposits                      85,628         71,407       157,035         93,569         61,065      154,634
  Prepayments                  174,230         80,013       254,243        158,979         18,261      177,240


  Total trade and
    other receivables          753,966        151,420       905,386        666,452         79,326      745,778


  The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
  receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice (2023: same). An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
  follows:

                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                   323,423         280,536
  31–60 days                                                                            14,989          16,490
  61–90 days                                                                            10,152           7,005
  Over 90 days                                                                          61,751          47,308


                                                                                       410,315         351,339




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                    133
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
                                                   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
                                                   customers.

                                                   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                                                   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $2,970,000 (2023:
                                                   $2,954,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2024.

                                                   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                                6,290              6,818
                                                   Impairment loss recognized in the consolidated profit
                                                     and loss account (note 9)                                                             2,970              2,954
                                                   Amounts written off during the year                                                    (4,123)            (3,482)


                                                   At end of the year                                                                      5,137              6,290


                                                   At 30 June 2024, trade receivables of $5,137,000 (2023: $6,290,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
                                                   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
                                                   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                   Past due 31–60 days                                                                       335                498
                                                   Past due 61–90 days                                                                       548                501
                                                   Past due over 90 days                                                                   4,254              5,291




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                           5,137              6,290


                                                   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




134
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




26 Deferred income tax
  Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and non-Hong
  Kong is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
  respectively.

  The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
  offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


  (a) Deferred income tax assets

                                                                Decelerated
                                                                depreciation
                                                                  allowance          Tax losses            Total
                                                                       $000               $000             $000

       At 1 July 2022                                                    82             7,386             7,468
       Recognized in the consolidated profit
         and loss account                                                 (8)           (1,013)           (1,021)


       At 30 June 2023                                                   74             6,373             6,447


       At 1 July 2023                                                    74             6,373             6,447
       Recognized in the consolidated profit
         and loss account                                                32             (3,351)          (3,319)


       At 30 June 2024                                                  106             3,022             3,128


  (b) Deferred income tax liabilities

                                                                                                     Accelerated
                                                                                                    depreciation
                                                                                                      allowance
                                                                                                           $000

       At 1 July 2022                                                                                   116,807
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                            26,272




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
       At 30 June 2023                                                                                  143,079


       At 1 July 2023                                                                                   143,079
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                            15,236


       At 30 June 2024                                                                                  158,315
                                                                                                                     135
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               26 Deferred income tax (continued)
                                                   (c) Tax losses

                                                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                                                         $000               $000

                                                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized         165,503            163,267


                                                        Potential tax benefit                                                           20,646            20,386


                                                        The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits in
                                                        the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
                                                        indefinitely and have no expiry date. For the subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an
                                                        expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.

                                                        Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realization of
                                                        the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognized deferred
                                                        income tax assets of $20,646,000 (2023: $20,386,000) in respect of tax losses of $165,503,000 (2023:
                                                        $163,267,000). Under the current tax legislation, unrecognized tax losses of $148,057,000 (2023:
                                                        $145,612,000) related to the subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years
                                                        from the year in which the tax loss arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax
                                                        legislation.


                                               27 Inventories
                                                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                                                         $000               $000

                                                   Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                    91,655            87,155




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Others, at cost                                                                      17,949            23,701
                                                   Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                             (2,535)            (4,523)


                                                                                                                                      107,069            106,333


                                                   The Group recognized reversal of impairment loss of $1,671,000 (2023: impairment loss of $376,000) for slow-
                                                   moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2024. The amount has been included in “cost of
                                                   inventories sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.




136
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




28 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Cash at bank and in hand                                                           101,092            50,833
  Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,475,823         1,104,319


  Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   1,576,915         1,155,152


  Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  1,575,032         1,153,468


  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
  number of banks.

  Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Hong Kong dollars                                                                1,387,647           945,364
  US dollars                                                                         180,611           203,467
  Renminbi                                                                             7,113             4,251
  Others                                                                               1,544             2,070


                                                                                   1,576,915         1,155,152




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                    137
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                         2024        2023
                                                                                                                                         $000        $000

                                                   Trade payables (a)                                                                 366,208     317,302
                                                   Other payables and accruals (b)                                                    747,888     660,926


                                                                                                                                     1,114,096    978,228


                                                   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2024        2023
                                                                                                                                         $000        $000

                                                         Current to 30 days                                                           146,192     193,061
                                                         31–60 days                                                                    81,128      59,838
                                                         61–90 days                                                                    52,846      26,589
                                                         Over 90 days                                                                  86,042      37,814


                                                                                                                                      366,208     317,302


                                                         The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
                                                         accounted for 80% (2023: 73%).

                                                   (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2024        2023
                                                                                                                                         $000        $000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         Accrued expenses                                                             349,214     343,115
                                                         Payables for fixed assets                                                    245,699     179,048
                                                         Receipt in advance                                                           117,018     111,422
                                                         Customer deposits                                                             35,957      27,341


                                                                                                                                      747,888     660,926


                                                   The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.




138
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




30 Contract liabilities
                                               2024                                         2023
                                    Current Non-current            Total       Current    Non-current         Total
                                      $000        $000             $000          $000          $000           $000

   Contract liabilities
   — Mobile
       telecommunications
       service contracts            397,804         8,496       406,300       357,568          6,940      364,508


   Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
   balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $358 million, was recognized during the year ended 30 June
   2024 (2023: $332 million).


   (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts

                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                           $000               $000

        Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term
          contracts that are partially or fully satisfied                             4,138,995         4,014,621


        Management expects that 63% (2023: 65%) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts
        as of 30 June 2024 will be recognized as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 37%
        (2023: 35%) will be recognized as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                        139
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               31 Lease liabilities
                                                                                             2024                                      2023
                                                                                  Current Non-current             Total   Current   Non-current      Total
                                                                                    $000        $000              $000      $000          $000       $000

                                                   Lease liabilities             543,633          355,743       899,376   532,088       254,906   786,994


                                                   Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                                                                                       $000          $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                          786,994       904,821
                                                   Additions                                                                         758,405       521,210
                                                   Payments for lease liabilities                                                   (680,796)     (654,588)
                                                   Accretion expenses included in the consolidated profit and
                                                     loss account (note 8)                                                           34,729        15,743
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                  44          (192)


                                                   At end of the year                                                               899,376       786,994


                                               32 Bank borrowings
                                                                                             2024                                      2023
                                                                                  Current Non-current             Total   Current   Non-current      Total
                                                                                    $000        $000              $000      $000          $000       $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                     2,200          61,600        63,800     2,200        63,800    66,000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




140
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




32 Bank borrowings (continued)
   The maturity of non-current bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                 4,616              2,200
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                11,611             10,837
   Over 5 years                                                                         45,373             50,763


                                                                                        61,600             63,800


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
   rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
   market price are as follows:

                                                   Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                     $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2024
   Secured bank borrowings                               –            61,600                  –            61,600


                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2023
   Secured bank borrowings                               –            63,800                  –            63,800


   At 30 June 2024, 100% (2023: 100%) of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

   At 30 June 2024, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 16) (2023: same).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                       141
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               33 Spectrum utilization fee liabilities
                                                                                                                                       2024         2023
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                        2,801,140    2,952,035
                                                   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)       64,981       68,741
                                                   Payment                                                                          (224,999)    (219,636)


                                                   At end of the year                                                              2,641,122    2,801,140
                                                   Less: spectrum utilization fee liabilities included under current liabilities    (228,366)    (222,922)


                                                   Non-current portion                                                             2,412,756    2,578,218


                                                   Analysis of the present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities:

                                                                                                                                       2024         2023
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   Minimum annual fees payable
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   230,493      224,999
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 979,659      956,302
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  1,828,117    2,081,966


                                                                                                                                   3,038,269    3,263,267
                                                   Less: future finance charges                                                     (397,147)    (462,127)


                                                   Present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities                           2,641,122    2,801,140


                                                   Comprising:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   228,366      222,922
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 913,464      891,689
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  1,499,292    1,686,529


                                                                                                                                   2,641,122    2,801,140




142
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Asset retirement obligations
                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                          $000             $000

  At beginning of the year                                                              63,309           75,710
  Additions                                                                              1,728            2,821
  Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)             493              803
  Utilizations                                                                            (774)            (509)
  Unused amount reversed                                                               (12,945)         (15,516)


  At end of the year                                                                    51,811           63,309


  The provision for assets retirement obligations represents the present value of the estimated future costs of
  dismantling and removing property, plant and equipment when they are no longer used and restoring the sites
  and stores on which they are located.

  The Group has been investing in the transmission and distribution network to supply mobile services to
  customers in Hong Kong and Macau. As the Group expects that transmission sites being used for the
  transmission and distribution network will continue to be used to supply mobile services to its customers, the
  Group currently considers it remote that the transmission and distribution network in railways and various
  tunnels would be removed from existing transmission sites. Therefore in accordance with applicable accounting
  standards, asset retirement obligations for these assets have not been recognized by the Group.


35 Share capital
                                                                                       Shares of
                                                                                      $0.1 each            $000

  Authorized
  At 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024                                               2,000,000,000          200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2022                                                                 1,105,792,101          110,579
  Repurchase of shares                                                                (527,500)              (53)
  Issue of new shares upon exercise of share options                                 1,200,000              120




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
  At 30 June 2023 and 1 July 2023                                                1,106,464,601          110,646
  Repurchase of shares                                                              (4,205,500)            (420)


  At 30 June 2024                                                                1,102,259,101          110,226




                                                                                                                    143
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               35 Share capital (continued)
                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 4,205,500 shares on the SEHK.
                                                   The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $16,676,000 was deducted from equity attributable
                                                   to shareholders.

                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                 shares                                           Aggregate
                                                                                           repurchased             Price per share                 price paid
                                                   Month of repurchase                    and cancelled           Highest          Lowest               $000

                                                   September 2023                             1,923,500             $4.10             $3.98            7,801
                                                   October 2023                               1,014,500             $4.06             $3.92            4,040
                                                   November 2023                                 50,000             $3.94             $3.92              197
                                                   March 2024                                   398,000             $3.85             $3.82            1,524
                                                   April 2024                                   819,500             $3.84             $3.76            3,114


                                                                                              4,205,500                                               16,676


                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 359,500 shares on the SEHK. The
                                                   total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $1,463,000 was deducted from equity attributable to
                                                   shareholders.

                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                  shares                                           Aggregate
                                                                                            repurchased             Price per share                 price paid
                                                   Month of repurchase                     and cancelled           Highest            Lowest             $000

                                                   September 2022                               151,000             $4.12             $4.12              622
                                                   October 2022                                 147,500             $4.13             $4.08              605
                                                   November 2022                                 61,000             $3.87             $3.84              236




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                359,500                                                1,463




144
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




36 Share award scheme and share option scheme
  (a) Share award scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
     may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
     terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
     the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

     (i)   Movements in share award


                                                                                    2024              2023

           Number of awarded shares
           Outstanding at 1 July                                                        –          417,805
           Vested                                                                       –         (388,085)
           Lapsed                                                                       –           (29,720)


           Outstanding at 30 June                                                       –                 –


     (ii) Shares held for share award scheme


                                                                               Number of
                                                                                  shares              $000

           Opening balance at 1 July 2022                                         50,852                226
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                    341,993              1,743
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                             (388,085)            (1,944)


           Balance at 30 June 2023 and 1 July 2023                                  4,760                25
           Disposal of shares by the Trust                                         (4,760)              (25)


           Balance at 30 June 2024                                                      –                 –


  (b) Share option scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2021, the
     Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
     subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the share
     options issued.




                                                                                                                145
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               36 Share award scheme and share option scheme (continued)
                                                   (b) Share option scheme (continued)
                                                        (i)   Movements in share options


                                                                                                                                       Average          Number
                                                                                                                                  exercise price        of share
                                                                                                                                      per share         options

                                                              At 1 July 2022                                                                   –               –
                                                              Granted                                                                      $4.47       8,000,000
                                                              Exercised                                                                    $3.98      (1,200,000)
                                                              Lapsed                                                                       $3.98      (2,800,000)

                                                              At 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024                                             $4.96      4,000,000


                                                              At 30 June 2023, no share options were exercisable.

                                                              At 30 June 2024, 1,200,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per
                                                              share.


                                               37 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                    Bank            Guaranteed              Lease
                                                                                               borrowings                notes          liabilities        Total
                                                                                                    $000                 $000               $000           $000

                                                   At 1 July 2022                                  85,128            1,425,684          904,821        2,415,633
                                                   Redemption of notes payable                          –           (1,427,211)               –       (1,427,211)
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                   (19,228)                   –                –           (19,228)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                       –                    –          521,210          521,210




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                        –                    –         (638,845)        (638,845)
                                                   Finance costs                                      100                1,527                –             1,627
                                                   Exchange differences                                 –                    –             (192)             (192)

                                                   At 30 June 2023 and 1 July 2023                 66,000                    –          786,994         852,994
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                    (2,200)                   –                –          (2,200)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                       –                    –          758,405         758,405
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                        –                    –         (646,067)       (646,067)
                                                   Exchange differences                                 –                    –               44              44


                                                   At 30 June 2024                                 63,800                    –          899,376         963,176




146
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




38 Commitments and contingent liabilities
  (a) Capital commitments

                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Fixed assets
          Contracted for                                                               30,241            80,289


  (b) Contingent liabilities

                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Performance guarantees                                                        522,500            622,500
       Financial guarantees                                                           14,551              3,883


                                                                                     537,051            626,383


39 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.24% of the Company’s shares as at 30
  June 2024. The remaining 30.76% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.92% is held by another subsidiary
  of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company
  incorporated in Hong Kong.


  (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
       SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
       accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.


                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)                       23,066            22,987
       Depreciation and accretion expenses for land and buildings and
          transmission sites (i)                                                      99,370             99,829
       Insurance expense (ii)                                                          4,216              3,917




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
       Mobile coverage services (iii)                                                 11,581             12,118
       Enterprise solutions (iv)                                                     118,671             83,427




                                                                                                                     147
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               39 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                   (a) (continued)
                                                        (i)   Leases of land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
                                                              offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to the Group for the installation of
                                                              base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2024, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                              associated companies of SHKP totalled $23,066,000 (2023: $22,987,000).

                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2024, depreciation and accretion expenses of right-of-use assets and lease
                                                              liabilities totalled $99,370,000 (2023: $99,829,000).

                                                        (ii) Insurance services
                                                              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
                                                              insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2024, insurance premiums paid and
                                                              payable were $4,216,000 (2023: $3,917,000).

                                                        (iii) Mobile coverage services
                                                              The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                              associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year
                                                              ended 30 June 2024, the revenue received or receivable by the Group was $11,581,000 (2023:
                                                              $12,118,000).

                                                        (iv) Enterprise solutions
                                                              The Group provides information and communication technology (“ICT”) solutions to certain
                                                              subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization,
                                                              connectivity and industry-specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2024, the revenue received or
                                                              receivable was $118,671,000 (2023: $83,427,000).


                                                   (b) At 30 June 2024, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        of SHKP.


                                                   (c) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                        (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                        sheet items:


                                                                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                                        Trade receivables (note 25)                                                       63,095            47,938
                                                        Other receivables (note 25)                                                          434               474
                                                        Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                21,864            22,724
                                                        Trade payables (note 29)                                                           7,955             1,929
                                                        Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              5,527             6,825
148
                                                        The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                               $000            $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,405,177       8,403,816


  Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     450             312
  Prepayments                                                                   274             272
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              29,818          29,818
  Tax recoverable                                                                47             135


  Total current assets                                                       30,589          30,537


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             5,922,091       5,552,261
  Other payables and accruals                                                 3,426           2,477


  Total current liabilities                                               5,925,517       5,554,738


  Net assets                                                              2,510,249       2,879,615


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             110,226         110,646
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     2,400,023       2,768,969


  Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                2,510,249       2,879,615


  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 3 September 2024 and was
  signed on its behalf.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
  Director                                         Director




                                                                                                        149
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
                                                   Note (a): Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                           Company
                                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                                           Capital                 share-based
                                                                                             Share     redemption Contributed    compensation     Retained
                                                                                          premium          reserve    surplus           reserve     profits       Total
                                                                                             $000            $000        $000             $000       $000         $000

                                                   At 1 July 2022                        1,627,190        17,466     740,115             1,704    377,094     2,763,569
                                                   Profit for the year                           –             –           –                 –    333,569       333,569
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Issue of shares                             6,018           –            –           (1,366)          –        4,652
                                                   Share-based payments                            –           –            –            2,094           –        2,094
                                                   Lapse of share award                            –           –            –             (141)        141            –
                                                   Vesting of share award                          –           –        1,944           (2,044)        100            –
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35)                  –          53            –                –      (1,463)      (1,410)
                                                   Purchase of shares for
                                                      share award scheme                           –           –       (1,743)               –           –       (1,743)
                                                   Payment of 2022 final dividend                  –           –            –                –    (171,325)    (171,325)
                                                   Payment of 2023 interim dividend                –           –            –                –    (160,437)    (160,437)

                                                   At 30 June 2023 and 1 July 2023       1,633,208        17,519     740,316               247    377,679     2,768,969
                                                   Loss for the year                             –             –           –                 –       (930)         (930)
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Share-based payments                           –            –            –            1,361           –        1,361
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35)                 –          420            –                –     (16,676)     (16,256)
                                                   Payment of 2023 final dividend                 –            –            –                –    (193,117)    (193,117)
                                                   Payment of 2024 interim dividend               –            –            –                –    (160,004)    (160,004)

                                                   At 30 June 2024                       1,633,208        17,939     740,316             1,608       6,952    2,400,023




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




150
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




41 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                               2024                                              2023
                                                                                   Estimated
                                            Salaries             Retirement      money value
                                                and                  scheme          of other Retirement Share-based
                                   Fees allowances     Bonuses contributions         benefits    benefits  payments     Total    Total
                                   $000        $000       $000          $000             $000       $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen        162            –         –             –              –           –            –      162      162
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona       144        6,077     3,831           281            183           –        1,361   11,877    2,476
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen      144        6,499     1,800           650            122           –            –    9,215    8,967
     Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman          –            –         –             –              –           –            –        –   11,081

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond    180            –         –             –              –           –            –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui            162            –         –             –              –           –            –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince        144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas        144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Patrick Poon(1)             32            –         –             –              –           –            –      32        –
     Mr. John Anthony Miller(2)       –            –         –             –              –           –            –       –       48
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*    288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*         288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*        288            –         –             –              –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*      144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel*       144            –         –             –              –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Peter Kung*                257            –         –             –              –           –            –     257      144
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming,
       Christine* (2)                  –           –         –             –              –           –            –        –      48


                                   2,521      12,576     5,631           931            305           –        1,361   23,325   24,708


     2023                          2,478      15,233     4,300           897            186           –        1,614

     *      Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023/24
     (1)
            Appointed on 11 April 2024
     (2)
            Retired with effect from 1 November 2022




                                                                                                                                         151
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               41 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                        During the years ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, no director:

                                                        •    received any emoluments from SHKP, the ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of
                                                             their services to the Group;

                                                        •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                        •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                       In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share awards under the Company’s share
                                                       award scheme. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme”
                                                       in the Report of the Directors and note 36.


                                                   (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                       contracts
                                                        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the
                                                        Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                        indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                               42 Ultimate holding company
                                                   The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2024 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of SEHK.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




152
