ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information               2
Financial Highlights                              3
Business Highlights                               4
Chairman’s Statement                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis               10
Corporate Governance Report                      13
Environmental, Social and Governance Report      27
Report of the Directors                          41
Directors Profile                                60
Staff Engagement                                 68
Community Engagement                             69
Group Financial Summary                          72
Independent Auditor’s Report                     73
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             78
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   79
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       80
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 82
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      84
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   86




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                         1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                         Auditors
                                               *    Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond           PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Chairman                            Certified Public Accountants and Registered
                                               *    Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                      Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                      Deputy Chairman                     22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                    Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen               10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                                      Deputy Chairman
                                                    Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona
                                                      Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                          Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                    Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                               *    Mr. David Norman PRINCE               Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                               *    Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas               183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               **   Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                               **   Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP                 Principal Share Registrar
                                               **   Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric
                                                                                          MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               **   Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                                                          4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                               **   Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel
                                                                                          41 Cedar Avenue
                                               **   Mr. Peter KUNG
                                                                                          Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director    Principal Bankers
                                                                                          Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                               Company Secretary                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                      Corporation Limited
                                                                                          Hang Sang Bank Limited
                                               Authorized Representatives
                                               Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona
                                                                                          Legal Advisors to the Company
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                    As to Hong Kong law
                                                                                          Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
                                               Registered Office                          As to Bermuda law




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street           Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

                                                                               Bermuda Resident
                                               Head Office and Principal Place Representative
                                               of Business                     Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2              Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong              Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




       2
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                               Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                      2023             2022          Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                              6,763            6,957             (3%)
Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                           269              423           (36%)
Basic earnings per share ($)                                           0.24             0.38           (37%)
Total dividends per share ($)                                          0.32             0.30              7%


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                         10,898          12,581            (13%)
Current liabilities                                                  (2,704)          (4,091)          (34%)


Total assets less current liabilities                                 8,194            8,490            (3%)
Non-current liabilities                                              (3,110)          (3,336)           (7%)


Net assets                                                            5,084            5,154            (1%)


Share capital                                                           111              111             0%
Reserves                                                              4,973            5,043            (1%)


Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders               5,084            5,154            (1%)

                                                                   Year ended 30 June
                                                                      2023            2022           Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash inflow from operating activities                             2,254            2,036             11%
Interest received                                                        81                36          127%
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (709)            (712)             0%
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost             24                62          (62%)
Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                    (220)            (253)          (13%)
Dividends paid                                                         (332)            (333)             0%
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                      (19)             (96)          (80%)
Redemption of notes payables                                         (1,427)                –             N/A
Principal elements of lease payments                                   (639)            (660)            (3%)
Issue of shares                                                           5                 –             N/A
Payment for repurchase of shares                                         (1)              (22)         (93%)
Others                                                                   (2)              (12)          (90%)




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
Net (decrease)/increase in short-term bank deposits,
  and cash and cash equivalents                                        (985)              46             N/A




                                                                                                                    3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Drive for digital transformation to accelerate
                                               5G development in Hong Kong


                                               1. Technology Leadership
                                                 To enhance our customers’ network experience, SmarTone has been conducting exclusive network upgrade
                                                 projects in major infrastructures and popular event venues like the Central Harbourfront Event Space. The recent
                                                 deployment of our exclusive 850MHz frequency band across all of the busiest MTR stations in Hong Kong has
                                                 significantly increased our network capacity to provide customers with a fast, smooth, and stable network
                                                 experience on the go, even during peak hours. SmarTone has now pioneered the full 5G network coverage in all
                                                 23 road tunnels, as well as major routes, and all MTR stations in Hong Kong.




                                                 SmarTone were recognised for our strong network performance by global authoritative agency OpenSignal,
                                                 including being the sole winner in “Coverage Availability” and “Core Consistent Quality”. We were ranked
                                                 the “Strongest Communications Brand in Hong Kong” by global independent research and consulting agency




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 Kantar. SmarTone was also the only mobile operator among more than a hundred of renowned brands in Hong
                                                 Kong to be recognised the “Top Ten Strongest Brands in Hong Kong”.




       4
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




2. Empowering Innovation
  SmarTone Solutions pioneers the development of 5G technology and helps enterprises integrate emerging
  technologies for digital transformations and propel Hong Kong’s smart city development.




                                          Smart Construction




   SmartTransport
                                                                               SmartHome




                                                                         SmartHotel
         SmartMall




                                                                        SmartHealth



  SmarTone Home 5G Broadband successfully redefined the home broadband market and penetrated village
  houses and Chinese mansion households enduring slow speed narrowband connections. We are also the first
  operator in the market to launch a smartphone app to assist customers to search for the best location to place
  their 5G routers at home to enjoy the best Home 5G Broadband experience.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                      5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS




                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy
                                                 SmarTone has always placed great importance on network security. We offer an array of cybersecurity services,
                                                 including “Add-on Numbers”, “Data Guard” and “Call Guard”, to safeguard our customer from falling victim
                                                 to scams. Among them, Call Guard has successfully blocked over 280,000,000 junk calls for its users since the
                                                 service launched.




                                                 To ensure SmarTone’s customers enjoy high-quality roaming service during their travel trips, SmarTone
                                                 conducted speed tests at various overseas locations. We also introduced different travel products which are
                                                 convenient, reliable and affordable to meet different customer needs.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




       6
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



  SmarTone has long been offering its customers a series of privileges through its loyalty programme
  SmarTone Plus, including birthday gifts, exclusive offers and priority access. We have also collaborated with The
  Point, an integrated loyalty programme by Sun Hung Kai Properties to further enhance the user experience.




4. Digitalisation

  Full digital brand “Birdie” continues to partner with F&B, beauty and lifestyle brands in the city, upgrading its
  Birdie game to a multi-brand “Birdieverse” to offer promotions and rewards. This is more engaging with young
  millennials and elevates its young brand image and customer loyalty.




  SmarTone has been embracing the rising need for digitalisation by offering our signature caring services online
  through dedicated WhatsApp channel, website and SmarTone CARE App. SmarTone Online Store was presented
  the “2022 Top 10 Quality E-Shop Award“ by Hong Kong Retail Management Association to recognise the
  excellent online shopping experience it offers to customers.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                         7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               Despite intense competition and a peak in spectrum cost of $542 million, the Company reported a profit attributable
                                               to equity holders (excluding provision for potential financial investment loss) of $470 million, an increase of 4% as
                                               compared to last year.

                                               Amid the latest market conditions, a provision for potential financial investment loss on debt securities of $201 million
                                               was recognized during this financial year. Even though these securities were acquired with the intention to be held
                                               to maturity, we have taken a prudent approach and made the provision to reflect the value of these assets based on
                                               the latest market conditions. The proposed dividend per share for this financial year is 75% payout of SmarTone’s
                                               underlying profit.

                                               During the year, SmarTone’s business achieved solid results, supported by a stable ARPU. The growth in roaming and
                                               5G Home Broadband revenue were 49% and over 100% respectively. The Company’s core postpaid base continued
                                               to increase and 5G penetration reached 37% as of July 2023, representing a 9% point improvement from June 2022.

                                               With steady increase in the global travel footprint since December 2022, SmarTone benefited from a strong roaming
                                               revenue recovery, reaching 83% of pre-pandemic level as of July 2023. While personal travel recovered quickly
                                               especially during the second half of the year, business travel has experienced a somewhat slower recovery, and we
                                               expect some further room to grow in the next few months. We believe reliability and quality of the data roaming
                                               experience have become increasingly important to customers. SmarTone will continue to work with its global partners
                                               to deliver a seamless 5G roaming experience and boost the roaming penetration among SmarTone’s customers.

                                               During the year, SmarTone 5G Home Broadband registered over 100% growth in revenue. Increasing demand
                                               continues to come from households without fiber access or those looking for a cost-effective solution without
                                               sacrificing user experience. Since entering the market in 2020, this new product line has brought in true incremental
                                               upside to our mobile business. It takes a leading position in the market as the No. 1 best preferred 5G Home
                                               Broadband provider recognized by various influential media including e-zone, PC Magazine, HK01. We expect there is
                                               continued growth for this business.

                                               Riding on the accelerating demand for digitalization among corporates, SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions business
                                               registered double-digit percentage growth during the year. Foreseeing the potential of this market, the Company
                                               has tapped into this opportunity with a focus on industries such as construction, transportation, and property
                                               management. Drawing on strong partnerships with our parent company SHKP, SmarTone will continue to collaborate




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               with the Group and deliver solutions specific to their needs.

                                               Cost pressure has remained high under a challenging business operating environment. Operating expense has seen
                                               an increase with higher labor and electricity cost, although this is partially offset with savings from cell site rental re-
                                               negotiation. The Company takes a long-term view and will continue to invest in growth areas such as 5G Home
                                               Broadband and Enterprise Solutions. We will step up investments into our digital capability in delivering supreme
                                               customer experience and services going forward.

                                               Delivering superior 5G network quality remains SmarTone’s key differentiation. We have taken a number of initiatives
                                               to analyze network data using the Company’s proprietary machine-learning capability, with the objective to enhance
                                               individual’s user experience. This has allowed us to identify spots where the coverage is suboptimal and to make
                                               improvements accordingly. Multiple journals, including DCFever, e-zone, ePrice, Mobile Magazine and Qooah, have
                                               confirmed that SmarTone delivers the fastest download speed in MTR stations. SmarTone has also been recognized
                                               as a leader in the market by one of the most trusted agencies in the industry, OpenSignal, on its technical assessment
                                               regarding network quality.




       8
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



As part of the ESG initiatives, SmarTone continued to modernize the network and in the past year has improved
the energy consumption efficiency by double-digit percentage. SmarTone has also partnered with various NGOs,
schools and elderly homes as part of the community outreach and engagement program. A globally renowned
brand agency has recently named SmarTone as the Top 10 brands in Hong Kong. This is a testament not just to the
established presence of the Company and reliability of its service over the years, but also a reflection of SmarTone’s
deep engagement in the community. SmarTone will continue its mission to enhance the well-being and lifestyle
among citizens of Hong Kong. We will also help enterprises to accelerate their digital transformation via 5G enabled
technology.


Dividend
The Board proposed a final dividend per share of 17.5 cents, making full year dividend per share of 32.0 cents. With a
strong net cash position of $1.1 billion, the Company stands to benefit from the high interest rate environment. The
Company also maintains a strong equity level of $5 billion.


Outlook
The mobile industry is expected to remain competitive with persistent price pressure. The Group will take a cautious
approach in navigating the challenging macro environment while remain committed to investing resourcefully in
growth areas. In support of the Government’s Smart City Blueprint, the Group will make use of the latest technology
and close partnership with our parent SHKP to accelerate the development of Smart City through its Enterprise
Solutions business.

Spectrum cost is a major burden for SmarTone and other Hong Kong operators. SmarTone welcomes the Financial
Secretary’s understanding and the proposal to grant tax deductibility for future spectrum cost. But this will only apply
to new spectrum and does not help the situation with spectrum already granted. The Company objects to such an
arrangement as this spectrum cost was historically tax deductible and is a real operating cost essential to network
operations. The total tax deduction impact on the spectrum held by SmarTone up to 30 June 2023 has already
amounted to $500 million. This will continue to incur a further tax burden of approximately $60 million every year
going forward. This non-deductibility on tax deters operators from making further investment into Hong Kong’s
infrastructure. To this end, the Company urges the Government to reconsider its position on existing spectrum cost.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during the period.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 1 September 2023




                                                                                                                              9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the year under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders decreased $154 million to $269 million
                                               (2021/22: $423 million), due to recognition of expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost of $201
                                               million. If excluding the expected credit loss, the underlying profit attributable to shareholders is $470 million (2021/22:
                                               $454 million), represents a year-on-year growth of 3.5%. It is mainly driven by the recovery in roaming revenue and
                                               the growth in 5G Home Broadband business.

                                               Group services revenue increased by 1% to $4,546 million. The increase was primarily driven by the recovery of
                                               roaming revenue. Revenue from handset and accessory sales of $2,217 million was recorded during the year, as
                                               compared to $2,469 million in last year, reflecting a weaker demand for flagship handsets and poorer consumer
                                               sentiment. As the result, total revenue of $6,763 million was recorded, compare with $6,957 million in a year earlier.

                                               Cost of inventories sold decreased by 8% to $2,199 million, reflecting the lower handset and accessory sales during
                                               the year. Cost of services provided increased by 6% to $392 million, primarily driven by the increase in roaming and
                                               enterprise solution business.

                                               Staff costs increased by 12% to $731 million (2021/22: $652 million) amid annual salary increment and the Group’s
                                               investment in manpower resources in key growth areas.

                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal decreased by 4% to $1,760 million, as the result of the decrease in
                                               depreciation charges associated with right-of-use assets, reflecting the underlying reduction of lease expenses on cell
                                               sites, shops and offices, and the Group’s ongoing periodic review of the useful lives of network assets.

                                               Expected credit loss of $201 million (2021/22: $31 million) was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the
                                               financial assets at amortized cost.

                                               Finance income increased by $52 million to $85 million, primarily driven by higher interest rate on bank deposit.
                                               Finance costs decreased by 9% to $133 million as the result of lower interest expenses after repayment of the
                                               guarantee notes and certain bank borrowings. As a result, the Group recorded a net finance cost of $48 million
                                               during the year, as compared to net finance cost of $113 million in last year.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $185 million (2021/22: $177 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 40.7%
                                               (2021/22: 29.5%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee, the related




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               payments have been regarded as non-deductible on the books. The Group also recognized an expected credit loss on
                                               financial assets at amortized cost of $201 million during the year. The expense has been regarded as non-deductible
                                               on the books. As a result, the Group’s reported effective tax rate is higher than the statutory rate in Hong Kong of
                                               16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization
                                               fee from the Inland Revenue Department.




10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was primarily
financed by equity including share capital and internally generated funds. As at 30 June 2023, the Group had a total
equity of $5,084 million, including share capital of $111 million, and total borrowings of $66 million.

The Group recorded a net cash generated from operating activities of $2,254 million. The Group’s net cash position
(represents cash and cash equivalent, short-term bank deposits minus borrowings) has increased by $459 million to
$1,089 million. As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s cash and short-term deposit totaled $1,155 million, as compared
to $2,141 million in last year. The decrease was primarily due to repayment of the guarantee notes and other bank
borrowings during the year. As the result, the Group’s borrowings have decreased by $1,445 million to $66 million as
at 30 June 2023.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
next financial year with internal cash resources.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralize such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
As at 30 June 2023, buildings with a carrying amount of $65 million were pledged as security of bank borrowings of
the Group.


Interest rate exposure
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s total borrowing is $66 million. Management considers the interest rate exposure will
not have any material impact to the Group given the low level of borrowing. The Group does not currently undertake
any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, and trade payables. The Group does not currently
undertake any foreign exchange hedging.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                         11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 30 June 2023, the Group provided performance guarantees of $623 million (30 June 2022: $751 million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,830 full-time employees as at 30 June 2023 (30 June 2022: 1,737), with the majority of them based
                                               in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $731 million for the year ended 30 June 2023 (2021/22: $652 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
                                               under review, 388,085 shares were vested and 29,720 shares were lapsed. No unvested share (30 June 2022:
                                               417,805) was outstanding as at 30 June 2023.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the year under review, 8,000,000 share options
                                               were granted, 1,200,000 share options were exercised, 2,800,000 share options were cancelled and 4,000,000 share
                                               options were outstanding as at 30 June 2023 (30 June 2022: Nil).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




12
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2023, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in
the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except for the following deviations:

Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
Mr. John Anthony Miller, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric, Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine and
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting
of the Company held on 1 November 2022 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining
eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 67% of all independent non-
executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the
views expressed by the shareholders.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.


The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                         13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Composition
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               As at 30 June 2023, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, four Non-Executive Directors and six Independent
                                               Non-Executive Directors. The presence of ten Non-Executive Directors, of whom six are independent, is considered by
                                               the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly to the important
                                               function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also serve to ensure that the Board
                                               maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and
                                               balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 60 to 67 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               Mr. Peter Kung (“Mr. Kung”) was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from
                                               14 March 2022. Mr. Kung entered into a consultancy agreement with Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a
                                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), in turn the holding company of the Company,
                                               under which he has taken on the role as China Tax Advisor to the SHKP group of companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                               since October 2019 (the “Consultancy”). The Company is satisfied that Mr. Kung is independent for the reasons as
                                               set out below:

                                               (a)   The scope of services for which Mr. Kung has been providing under the Consultancy and the monthly
                                                     consultancy fee payable to Mr. Kung thereunder are immaterial whether to SHKP Group or the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries (the “SmarTone Group”);

                                               (b)   Mr. Kung has advised that the monthly consultancy fee payable to him under the Consultancy is and will not be
                                                     material to both his personal wealth and current income;

                                               (c)   Mr. Kung has had no executive role in any member of the SHKP Group and the SmarTone Group. His role under
                                                     the Consultancy is merely advisory and does not amount to performing any management or executive function;

                                               (d)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that he met all other independence guidelines for independent non-executive directors as




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and

                                               (e)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that, during his term as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, he will
                                                     not provide any services under the Consultancy which may relate to any affairs of the SmarTone Group and
                                                     will not take part as China Tax Adviser under the Consultancy in any discussions which may involve any affairs
                                                     relating to the SmarTone Group.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or
                                               her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.

                                               As at 30 June 2023, six of the thirteen members of the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors. In addition,
                                               all the members of the Audit Committee and the majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee and
                                               the Nomination Committee of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors. Each of these committees is
                                               chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. In view of the above, it is considered that independent views and
                                               input are available to the Board.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

14
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Appointment and re-election of Directors
All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
general meeting at least once every three years.

One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after their appointment,
and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those of the Chief Executive Officer.
Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The role of the Chairman
is to ensure that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures. The
role of the Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is to manage the
Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board.


Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalized agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                             15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
                                               Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2023. The attendance record of
                                               the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                                 Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                                 during the term of office
                                               Directors                                                                     Board Meetings       General Meeting

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                    4/4                         1/1
                                               Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona1 (Chief Executive Officer)                                          2/2                         0/0
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                    4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman2                                                                     2/3                         1/1

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                       4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                        4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                      3/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                      4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller3                                                                     1/1                         0/1

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                       4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                            4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                       1/4                         0/1
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                     3/4                         0/1
                                               Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                      4/4                         1/1
                                               Mr. Peter Kung                                                                               4/4                         1/1
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine4                                                           1/1                         0/1

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 15
                                                    February 2023.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               2.   Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman resigned as an Executive Director and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company with
                                                    effect from 1 March 2023.

                                               3.   Mr. John Anthony Miller retired as a Non-Executive Director of the Company at the conclusion of the Company’s annual
                                                    general meeting held on 1 November 2022.

                                               4.   Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine retired as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company at the conclusion of the
                                                    Company’s annual general meeting held on 1 November 2022.




16
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ training
All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
2023, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

Directors                                                                                         Type of trainings

Executive Directors
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                       A, C
Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer)                                                              A, C
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                       A, C

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                        A, B, C
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                         A, B, C
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                             C
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, C

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                           A, C
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                   C
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                              C
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                            C
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                                             C
Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                                A, B, C

A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                          17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Board Committees
                                               The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
                                               terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


                                               Board Supervisory Committee (“BSC”)
                                               The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
                                               and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
                                               of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
                                               Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

                                               The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
                                               the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
                                               operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
                                               regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


                                               Remuneration Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other members
                                               are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Executive Director). The
                                               majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

                                               The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
                                               policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
                                               recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
                                               The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
                                               and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
                                               with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
                                               Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
                                               available on the Company’s website.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Remuneration Committee passed four written resolutions for approving
                                               and/or recommending the emoluments payable to Directors and senior management.

                                               On 21 April 2023, 4,000,000 share options (the “Share Options”) to subscribe for up to a total of 4,000,000 ordinary
                                               shares of the Company (the “Shares”) were granted to Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona (the “Grantee”), an Executive
                                               Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, under the share option scheme adopted by the Company
                                               on 2 November 2021 (the “Share Option Scheme”). No Share Options can be exercised within one year from the date
                                               of grant. The Share Options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant,
                                               up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from
                                               the third anniversary of the date of grant. There is no performance target attached to the Share Options granted.

                                               The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive to participants to contribute to the Group and/or to
                                               enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are valuable to
                                               the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of the Group.




18
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



In determining the grant of the Share Options, the Remuneration Committee has considered the following factors:

(a)   the value of the Share Options is linked to the future price of the Shares, which in turn depends on the business
      performance of the Group, to which the Grantee will directly contribute;

(b)   the minimum vesting period set forth above ensures that the long-term interests of the Grantee and the
      Company are aligned; and

(c)   a grant of share options to the Grantee is consistent with the Group’s usual remuneration practice to incentivize
      the performance of senior executives.

The Remuneration Committee is of the view that the grant of the Share Options, without a performance target, is
market competitive and consistent with the Group’s normal practice for senior executive remuneration, and aligns
with the purpose of the Share Option Scheme to incentivize the Grantee to contribute to the Group’s business
development.

Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management
The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
measured against corporate objectives.

The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
businesses.

The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.


Nomination Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
Company.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
available on the Company’s website.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Nomination Committee passed two written resolution for reviewing the
size, structure and composition of the Board and recommending new appointment and re-election of Directors.

The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2023 Annual General Meeting.




                                                                                                                           19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Nomination policy
                                               The Board has formalized its existing practices into a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures
                                               for the selection, appointment and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a
                                               balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and
                                               strategic objectives of the Group.

                                               The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
                                               limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

                                               The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
                                               attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
                                               interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
                                               independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-
                                               executive directors of the Company.

                                               In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings or general meetings of the
                                               Company, the Committee will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the
                                               Board accordingly.


                                               Audit Committee
                                               The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
                                               compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
                                               effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with professional
                                               accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr.
                                               Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members of the Committee are Independent Non-
                                               Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and
                                               experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

                                               The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
                                               and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
                                               accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
                                               duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
                                               website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2023 to review with management and the
                                               Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
                                               in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
                                               external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
                                               statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
                                               annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).




20
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                             Meetings
                                                                                                        attended/held
                                                                                                       during the term
Directors                                                                                                     of office

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                     2/2
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                     2/2
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                                1/2

The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 25 August 2023 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group
for the year ended 30 June 2023 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2023.

External auditor’s independence
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) is the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 30 June 2023. The nature and
ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so as
to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.

Details of the fees paid or payable to PwC and other audit firms (for miscellaneous services) for the year ended 30
June 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$

Services provided by PwC
  Audit services                                                                                              2,516,000


  Non-audit services
    Taxation                                                                                                    165,000
    Review of interim financial statements                                                                      322,000
    Other assurance services                                                                                    328,000


                                                                                                                815,000




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
                                                                                                              3,331,000


Services provided by other audit firms
  Audit services                                                                                                 43,000




                                                                                                                              21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Before commencement of the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
                                               and for the year ended 30 June 2023, the Committee received written confirmation from PwC confirming that they
                                               are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of Part 4A of the
                                               Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                                               The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
                                               independence and objectivity of PwC and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution of their re-
                                               appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2023 Annual General Meeting.


                                               Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
                                               financial statements
                                               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
                                               true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                                               Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
                                               internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
                                               that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
                                               realistic alternative but to do so.

                                               The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
                                               Report on pages 73 to 77 of this Annual Report.


                                               Risk management and internal control systems
                                               The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing
                                               its effectiveness. Such risks would include, amongst others, material risks relating the environmental, social and
                                               governance (“ESG”).

                                               The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organizational structure




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
                                               authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

                                               Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorized use and disposition; ensure
                                               compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
                                               of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
                                               against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

                                               A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
                                               to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
                                               Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification, assessment,
                                               treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.




22
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with five qualified professionals, which is an independent function
reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in
the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover
major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.

The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal
control systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2023. The review considered the adequacy of
resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit
functions, and their training programs and budget, as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting. The
review covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
against control environment, risk management, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
activities on all major business and operational processes. The review also considered (a) the changes, since the
last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its
business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of
the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and
frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of the Group and
the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during
the period and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could
have had or may in the future have, a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the
effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

The Company has a whistleblowing policy in place which sets out the principle of whistleblowing and the procedures
to be followed to raise concerns with the Audit Committee through a designated Whistleblowing Officer. The policy
applies not only to the employees of the Group but also to third parties who deal with the Group.

The Company also has policies in place to prevent bribery and conflicts of interest. These policies form part of the
Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are
required to follow them strictly. Employees can safely raise concerns about corruption or any other misconduct
through the whistleblowing procedures mentioned above.

In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
stipulates the prohibition on unauthorized use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
Futures Ordinance.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                              23
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
                                               out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
                                               the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2023, they had
                                               fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


                                               Diversity
                                               The Company has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having
                                               a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced
                                               development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the
                                               attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a
                                               number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
                                               experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
                                               benefits of diversity on the Board.

                                               The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
                                               cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board – Composition” of this
                                               Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 60 to 67 of this Annual
                                               Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.
                                               The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review the policy, as
                                               appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.

                                               The Company believes that each Director’s background and his/her contribution to the Board should be considered on
                                               its own merits. Gender is only one of the many factors that influence this consideration. Therefore, the Company does
                                               not set numerical targets or timelines for achieving gender diversity on the Board. However, the Company will, to the
                                               extent possible, avoid having a single gender Board.

                                               As at 30 June 2023, male and female employees of the Group accounted for 61% and 39% of the workforce,
                                               respectively. The Group has a higher proportion of male employees, which is a common phenomenon for a
                                               technology-driven company. The Group is an equal opportunity employer. All employees enjoy equal employment and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               career opportunities and no employee shall be disadvantaged on the basis of gender.




24
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Shareholders’ rights
Right to convene special general meeting
The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.

The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
months from the said date.


Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
the attention of the Company Secretary.


Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the
meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of
the requisitionists:

(a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of
      any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

(b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not
      more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be
      dealt with at that meeting.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                            25
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Investor relations
                                               Shareholders’ communication policy
                                               The Company adopted a shareholders’ communication policy. The policy aims to set out the provisions with the
                                               objective of ensuring that the Company’s shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
                                               circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced
                                               and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans,
                                               material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable shareholders to exercise their rights in an
                                               informed manner, and to allow shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

                                               Corporate communication, including announcements, interim and annual reports, shareholder circulars, etc.,
                                               are provided to the shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese to facilitate understanding.
                                               A dedicated section is available on the Group’s website to facilitate access to the information about the Group.
                                               Webcasts of the Group’s results briefing are also available. Designated contacts, email addresses, fax and enquiry lines
                                               are provided to enable shareholders to make enquiries about the Group. Shareholders’ meetings are convened as a
                                               platform for the shareholders to talk directly with the Directors and management. The Group also gets in touch with
                                               the investment community through investor/analyst briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media
                                               interviews, specialist industry forums, etc. on a regular basis.

                                               Upon review of the investor relations activities held during the year like the annual general meeting, investor/analyst
                                               briefings, etc. and testing of the functionality of the different contact channels like emails, enquiry lines, etc., the
                                               Company considers that the shareholders’ communication policy is effective and properly implemented.


                                               Dividend policy
                                               The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
                                               amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earning performance, financial position, investment and
                                               funding requirements, and future prospects. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate
                                               from time to time.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




26
           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



About this report
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to in this report as “the Group”, “the
Company”, “SmarTone” or “we”) are pleased to present our environmental, social and governance report. This
report covers the financial year ended 30 June 2023 and is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report Guide under Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited.

The scope of this report covers our key business operations in providing telecommunications services in Hong Kong.
The Group’s operations in Macau and Guangzhou (customer service center) are excluded from the scope as their scale
is insignificant as compared to the Group’s operations in Hong Kong.

This report highlights the Group’s sustainability efforts in environmental and social aspects. For details of our
corporate governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report included in this Annual Report.

The board of directors (the “Board”) oversees the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues of the Group,
and sets forth the overall ESG management approach, strategy and priorities. The Board is responsible for the overall
risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness, which also covers the
ESG-related risks to the Group’s business. Risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach
on the risk management processes in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all risks identified
affecting key business processes. The Board reviews and assesses the Group’s ESG achievements which forms an
integral part of the Group’s overall performance that the Board bears the ultimate governance role.

We performed a materiality review based on a peer review and stakeholder engagement process that determine the
material ESG aspects to the Group. We compared the year-to-year environmental and social data and adopted a
consistent environmental data treatment approach to allow a fair comparison of our environmental performance over
time.


Stakeholder engagement
The Group strives to create long-term value for our stakeholders. The Group maintains ongoing dialogue and
engage with key stakeholders, including customers, employees, suppliers, media, shareholders, regulators and the
communities, to understand their expectations and address their concerns. The Group collects views from stakeholders
regularly through a range of channels such as meetings, interviews, focus group discussions, surveys and feedback
programmes.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                        27
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Customer service and satisfaction
                                               We strive to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. The Group’s superior service has
                                               been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from various reputable organizations during
                                               the past years. During the year, SmarTone’s brand and network performance are also recognized by authoritative
                                               international organizations.

                                               For the year ended 30 June 2023, the Group received the following prestigious awards:

                                               •    Kantar BrandZ Hong Kong Top 30 Brands 2023
                                                    Kantar, Design Bridge and Partners
                                                      The Strongest Communications Brand in Hong Kong
                                                      #8 Strongest Brand in Hong Kong

                                               •    Opensignal Hong Kong Mobile Network Experience Report 2023
                                                    Opensignal
                                                      Sole Winner (Availability and Core Consistent Quality)
                                                      Joint Winner (5G Video Experience, Overall Video Experience, 5G Availability, 5G Reach and Excellent
                                                      Consistent Quality)

                                               •    CAHK STAR Awards 2022
                                                    Communications Association of Hong Kong
                                                      Best 5G Mobile Network Operator – Silver
                                                      Cybersecurity Excellence Award – Silver

                                               •    e-Brand Award 2022
                                                    e-Zone
                                                      The Best Mobile Network
                                                      The Best Mobile Cyber Security Service
                                                      The Best 5G Home Broadband Service

                                               •    Quality E-Shop Recognition Scheme




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Hong Kong Retail Management Association
                                                      2022 Top Ten E-Shops




28
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Environmental protection
The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promote green awareness
within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to build a green living
environment. We target to achieve year-on-year reductions in total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity and
total energy consumption intensity in the long run. To achieve this, we are taking active steps, which are described in
more details in the following sections.


Emissions
Electricity is the key source of energy for our business and our major source of greenhouse gas emissions. Other minor
sources of emissions include our transport vehicles and standby emergency generators.

SmarTone launched 5G service to spearhead smart city development in Hong Kong. SmarTone selected Ericsson as the
sole 5G vendor for the deployment of 5G in Hong Kong. If 5G is deployed in the same way as previous generations
to meet the increasing traffic demands, energy consumption of mobile networks would increase dramatically. This is
unsustainable in terms of cost as well as environmental impact. Ericsson introduces an innovative approach to reduce
network energy use. It includes solutions that enable operator networks to use as little energy as possible while
managing expected growth in data traffic; meeting the needs of both current and future 5G networks.

SmarTone has successfully improved its energy efficiency by deploying the latest technologies in its mobile network.
By modernizing base station hardware and software, we achieved a 25% energy efficiency improvement. Additionally,
SmarTone utilized an AI-based solution to dynamically adjust power consumption based on traffic pattern, resulting
in further 11% energy efficiency gain without compromising network performance. These combined effort has led to
an impressive overall energy efficiency improvement of 36%, demonstrating SmarTone’s commitment to sustainability
and minimizing energy consumption. The new generation of base station equipment is being deployed in our network
phase by phase according to the network upgrade plan and technology evolution.

The Group incorporates energy efficiency in the design and operations of its cell sites, switching centers and data
center. We are deploying new generation of radio base station equipment with lower power consumption and higher
tolerance to ambient temperature. We have converted some of our cell sites to non-air conditioned sites. For cell sites
that still require air-conditioning, we deployed inverter-type air conditioners to reduce the power consumption on air-
conditioning.

For switching centers, we replaced traditional chiller systems with Oil-Free Variable Speed chillers which could achieve
30%–50% efficiency improvement. We also optimized the ambient temperature of our data center for maximum
energy saving while keeping healthy operations of the servers and devices.

All these measures will reduce much of the carbon emissions from the equipment in and air-conditioning for the base
stations, switching centers and data center.

By the nature of our business, the discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
waste during our course of operations is minimal. To further reduce the possibility of inadvertent discharge of
hazardous waste, starting from 2021, SmarTone partnered with Hong Kong Battery Recycle Centre Limited (“HKBR”)
for the recycling of all Waste Lead Acid Batteries (“WLAB”) disposed of from the switching centers and data center.
HKBR is the first facility in Hong Kong that is licensed to recycle WLAB locally, providing the cleanest, safest, and most
optimal solution for this hazardous waste, reusing over 90% of WLAB.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and
land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
                                                                                                                             29
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Use of resources, the environment and natural resources
                                               In addition to our efforts in reducing power consumption by our cell sites, switching centers and data center
                                               mentioned above, we also demonstrated our environmental concern through efficient use of resources in our daily
                                               operations.

                                               Our entire line of retail shops uses a wirelessly operated customer management system. Frontline colleagues use
                                               tablets to provide services to customers, including the use of e-Signature to replace paper for contract confirmation
                                               and the use of e-leaflets to replace paper-based promotional leaflets. The wireless system greatly reduces the use of
                                               paper in our sales process. We also established carbon reduction measures and progressively increase the use of high
                                               energy-efficient appliances in our daily operations to reduce carbon emissions.

                                               Examples of our environmental-friendly measures include:

                                               Energy saving
                                               •    Use energy-saving lighting fixture (LED) and electronic ballasts

                                               •    Reduce lighting provisions in non-working areas

                                               •    Gradually deploy intelligent fan coil units in the central air-conditioning systems to reduce energy consumption

                                               •    Install energy saving mechanism in certain offices (automatic switch off office lighting/air-conditioning in non-
                                                    office hours)

                                               •    Use electrical fans instead of additional air-conditioning for overtime work in wintertime when only a few staff
                                                    are staying in office

                                               •    Encourage staff to switch off unnecessary lighting, equipment, personal computers and monitors in lunch time,
                                                    after office hours, while away or in meeting

                                               •    Encourage staff to unplug all mobile phone chargers/adapters when they are not in use

                                               •    Encourage staff to adopt video teleconferencing for both internal and external meetings to save fuel/energy




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    which may otherwise be consumed in travelling

                                               Green procurement
                                               •    Use suppliers/vendors with recognized environmental-friendly certificates whenever possible

                                               •    Purchase office equipment with Grade 1 energy saving labels whenever possible

                                               •    Printing paper – select those made from 100% plantation fiber and 100% chlorine free bleached




30
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Efficient use of paper
•    Default duplex printing for digital copiers

•    Encourage printing multiple pages on single sheet of paper

•    Use print-on-demand system so unwanted print jobs can be deleted even after being sent to the servers

•    Deploying electronic document management system to minimize paper filing and enhance documents sharing
     within the Company

•    Decline all newspaper/media subscriptions in paper form; encourage to use electronic or online version instead

•    Encourage staff to use digital presentation for meetings, instead of printing hardcopy handouts

Recycling
•    Use printer/fax/copier toners that can be collected/sold back to suppliers for recycling

•    Participate in waste recycling schemes for collecting wastepaper, used fluorescent tubes, aluminum cans and
     plastic bottles

•    Stationeries – reuse internal envelopes and box files; encourage smart use of stationery

•    Collect festival wrappings and hampers (e.g., mooncake boxes) for recycling

By the nature of our business, the usage of water during our course of operations is minimal. The Group is primarily
engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, which does not
require any packaging material. The package material used for the mobile devices and accessories sold by the Group
during the course of business is part of the products and is provided by the respective mobile device and accessory
manufacturers.


Climate change management
Climate change is a global challenge that affects communities and businesses as a whole. One of the consequences
of climate change is extreme weather events, such as hurricanes and flooding which may affect the Group’s daily
operations. The Group has emergency plans to respond to possible disruptions in network and business operations. It
also makes every endeavor, as mentioned in previous paragraphs under this section, to run an environmental-friendly
and low-carbon emission business to help fight against global climate change.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                       31
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Employment and labor practices
                                               Employment
                                               At SmarTone, we strive to provide an engaging, respectful and caring work environment to our employees. We
                                               embrace two ways communication. We use different internal communication channels to create line of sight to
                                               engage our employees at all levels. We provide training and development platform to support employees’ career
                                               progression.

                                               We reward and recognize performance and behavior through pay, incentives and recognition award programs. In
                                               particular, to celebrate and recognize the achievements and commitment of our long-serving employees, a total of
                                               45 staff members were honored with the 25 Years Long Service Award this year, which symbolizes their dedication,
                                               hard work and growth with the company over the past 25 years. The honorees have been an important part of the
                                               company’s success and have witnessed countless milestones in our development.

                                               The Company cares about the well-being of our employees. We encourage work-life balance through a variety of
                                               work practices. We have implemented Flexi Working Hours since 2017 to support employees’ needs in reporting
                                               duty. We grant a half-day paid “Family Leave” once every quarter to allow employees time off to take care of
                                               their families. We have incorporated employee needs into the workplace design, such as setting up staff lounges/
                                               breastfeeding rooms in the main office. In response to the need for stress and emotional management in today’s fast-
                                               paced, information-overloaded and high-pressure society, we put in place an Employee Assistance Program to provide
                                               psychological, work and family consultations to employees and their family members to maintain their psychological
                                               health.

                                               The Company also held a variety of staff activities throughout the year, which include:

                                               •    Health Activities
                                                    The Company organized a comprehensive series of health talks and activities aimed at promoting the well-being
                                                    of our employees and their families. These events covered a wide range of topics, addressing both physical and
                                                    mental health concerns. A diverse group of professionals as health trainers and speakers were invited. Among
                                                    them were traditional Chinese medicine practitioners, social workers, yoga trainers, and other experts in their
                                                    respective fields.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               •    Christmas Fun Day – Mario Kart Race
                                                    In celebration of the holiday season, the Company hosted a captivating Christmas Fun Day, highlighted by an
                                                    exciting Switch Mario Kart race. This event brought together cross-departmental teams, who not only showcased
                                                    their remarkable costumes but also demonstrated their unwavering spirit and determination in vying for both
                                                    the championship and the best costume award. The occasion was a testament to the company’s commitment to
                                                    fostering a vibrant and engaging work environment.

                                               •    Chinese New Year Reunion
                                                    We gather together via video streaming to express our New Year good wishes to each other, and witness the
                                                    ceremonial “roast pig cutting” by senior management and greetings from the God of Wealth.




32
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



•    You-deserve-a-treat
     Surprise gifts were given to staff as a token of thanks from the management. Gifts given during the year
     included moon cakes for the Mid-Autumn Festival, rice cakes for the Chinese New Year and yogurt coupons for
     the summer season.

•    Interest classes
     Throughout the year, a variety of interest classes were organized to provide our colleagues with the opportunity
     to learn something new and engaging during their leisure time. These classes included a Turkish mosaic lamp
     workshop and a tart baking class, among others. The aim was to foster a sense of curiosity and personal
     development among our team members, enabling them to explore different hobbies and acquire valuable skills.

The Group is an equal opportunity employer. All employees enjoy equal employment and career opportunities and
no employee shall be disadvantaged because of sex, pregnancy, disability, marital status, family status, race, age,
religious, beliefs or sexual orientation.

We believed that all employees have the right to work in an environment free of discrimination, harassment,
vilification, and victimization. The Group will not tolerate such behavior under any circumstances.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.


Health and safety
The Group is committed to providing employees with a healthy, safe and secure work environment that is free from
all recognized hazards.

We incorporate workplace safety in the design and operations of our premises and the way we conduct business. First
aiders and first aid box administrators are assigned for each office, shop and facility of the Group. Employees can assess
information on occupational safety and hygiene awareness through a dedicated section in the Group’s intranet. All
accidents at work are properly reported and handled with due care.

Ensuring the safety of employees against COVID-19 is the top priority of the Company. While the government has
gradually lifted the pandemic restrictions and precautionary measures since the end of 2022, the Company closely
monitors the trend in COVID-19 caseloads and changes in government policies so as to adjust the workplace measures
against COVID-19 accordingly.

Regulatory compliance
During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
that have a significant impact on the Group relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
employees from occupational hazards.




                                                                                                                             33
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Development and training
                                               SmarTone is committed to offering learning and development opportunities for all staff members in meeting the
                                               Group and business needs.

                                               On-boarding training and orientation are provided to help new recruits get familiar with SmarTone and equip them
                                               to handle their daily works. The Human Resources Department organizes numerous face-to-face and online training
                                               for employees in all ranks throughout the year, covering a wide range of topics including industry and business
                                               knowledge, legal and regulatory updates, communication skills, personal development, IT skills, etc. The Group also
                                               sponsors suitable employees to participate in external work-related training activities.


                                               Labor standards
                                               The Group adheres to applicable labor standards and strictly prohibits the use of child or forced labor in its operations.
                                               Our suppliers and contractors are expected to follow similar standards of labor practices when collaborating with us.

                                               Regulatory compliance
                                               During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                               that have a significant impact on the Group relating to preventing child and forced labor.


                                               Operating practices
                                               Supply chain management
                                               The Group has a fair and open process in dealing with vendors. We will conduct competitive bidding/tendering for
                                               purchase of products and services.

                                               Vendors are required to register with the Company. During the registration process, the Company collects pertinent
                                               information about the vendors, including whether they have a green policy governing their business. The Company
                                               will carefully evaluate the information submitted by the vendors before accepting them for inclusion on the
                                               Company’s approved vendor list. The vendor’s green policy is one of the important factors that the Company will
                                               consider. The approved vendor list will be reviewed and updated on a regular basis.

                                               The selection of the supply source is determined in a fair and unbiased manner. Due considerations are given to both




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               technical and commercial aspects covering product quality, delivery commitment, satisfaction of service to meet our
                                               purchase needs as well as price performance. In evaluation of our supply source, credits will be given to vendors who
                                               have a corporate green policy for their products, production and manufacturing process in reducing wastage and
                                               protecting the environment.


                                               Customer data privacy and security
                                               Our employees will routinely handle or process personal data relating to the Group’s customers. Employees will only
                                               collect and use personal information or data for legitimate regulatory, customer service and the Group’s business
                                               purposes. They will:

                                               •    take all reasonable steps to keep personal data confidential and will only disclose this information to personnel in
                                                    the Group that need to have access to the information for the purposes for which it was collected; and

                                               •    at all times respect any confidential and/or data protection obligations which may be in an agreement between
                                                    the Group and a third party.




34
            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group’s Information Security Division defines the policy on protection of customer information while the
Information Services Division operates a range of controls to secure information properly against accidental or
unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and all other unlawful forms of
processing.

The privacy policy forms part of the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees and is clearly set out in the Employee
Handbook. All employees are required to strictly follow.

The Group has installed a cyber security framework consisting of multi-layered defense through people, processes and
technology. The layers of defense, in sequential order, are:

•    People, processes, policy, practices

•    Physical security (data centers, office)

•    Network perimeter security (Internet facing)

•    Internal network security

•    PC and server security

•    Application security

•    Data security

The Group provides regular security awareness and technical trainings to all levels of staff. These trainings cover
a range of topics, including awareness regarding spear phishing, social engineering attack, data privacy, PCI DSS
compliance and password and data protection. Reinforcement reminders and alerts are sent to all staff as necessary.

The Group has set up an Information Security Committee (“ISC”) which is chaired by the Chief Technology Officer.
The ISC is composed of the technical team heads and the information security team. It holds monthly meetings to
review latest cyber threats and risks, review effectiveness of implemented security controls, and provide direction for
further improvements. Well-documented Information Security Policy is in place. External and internal information
security assessments are carried out regularly.

The Group deploys state-of-the-art technology to protect its data.


Responding to customers’ feedback
SmarTone treasures customers’ feedback on our network and service, which drives us to continuously improve
and give us valuable insights for future development. There are many channels for the customers to voice out their
opinion, including 24/7 sales and service hotlines, 24-hour online live chat, online feedback/complaint/enquiry forms




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
via website or mobile apps, etc.

Our customer service representatives will handle the feedback and complaint cases timely and professionally. All
frontline and customer service representatives have received proper training to handle customer complaints and
enquiries. There is established guideline in place so that complaint or enquiry cases can be treated in a consistent
manner. Afterall, customers’ satisfaction is our utmost priority.




                                                                                                                          35
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Product responsibility
                                               We strive to adhere with all applicable laws and regulations relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
                                               privacy matters relating to products and services of the Group.

                                               As holder of telecommunications licenses in Hong Kong, the Group takes proper and adequate safety measures
                                               for the safeguarding of life and property in connection with all installations, equipment and apparatus operated or
                                               used, including safeguarding against exposure to any electrical or radiation hazard emanating from the installations,
                                               equipment or apparatus operated or used by the Group. The Group complies with the safety standards and
                                               specifications as may from time to time be prescribed by the Communications Authority and any directions of the
                                               Authority in relation to any safety matter.

                                               The Group strictly adhere to the requirements of the Trade Description Ordinance when conducting its business.
                                               Internal training, delivered by legal practitioners, has been given to staff who are responsible for sales and marketing.

                                               The Group is primarily engaged in telecommunications services offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband
                                               services, and re-selling of mobile devices and accessories of other manufacturers. Due to the nature of the Group’s
                                               business, the risks of product recalls for safety and health reasons and infringement of intellectual property rights
                                               during the course of business are both minimal.

                                               Regulatory compliance
                                               During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                               that have a significant impact on the Group relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
                                               relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.

                                               Anti-corruption
                                               All employees are expected to conduct business lawfully and ethically and are prohibited from accepting, offering,
                                               promising or payment of bribes from or to any individuals, companies or government officials.

                                               Employees are required to avoid any conflicts of interest, actual or potential, which will put the Group’s interests and
                                               reputation at stake. All employees must declare to the Group any interest, direct or indirect, that they or members of
                                               their immediate family may have in any business or other organisations that would conflict with the interest of the
                                               Group.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               While the Group has set in place policies, procedures, codes and guidelines to ensure that the highest standards of
                                               conduct and integrity are observed by employees, employees may still spot malpractice and wrongdoing within the
                                               Group during the course of employment. It is the obligation of all employees, including contractual, part-time and
                                               temporary employees, to report it in accordance with the reporting procedures set out in the Whistle Blowing Policy,
                                               which aims to provide a secured and confidential channel for employees to report such cases directly to the CEO and
                                               the Audit Committee via a designated Whistle Blowing Officer.

                                               The above-mentioned policies on bribes, conflicts of interest and whistle blowing form part of the Group’s Code
                                               of Conduct for employees and are clearly set out in the Employee Handbook. All employees are required to strictly
                                               follow.

                                               All new SmarTone employees are required to attend anti-corruption training conducted by the Independent
                                               Commission Against Corruption (“ICAC”) upon joining SmarTone. In addition, all employees are invited to participate
                                               in ICAC’s business ethics seminars organized by Sun Hung Kai Properties Group from time to time.

                                               Regulatory compliance
                                               During the year under review, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations
                                               that have a significant impact on the Group relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. There was no
                                               concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees during the year.
36
           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Community
SmarTone is dedicated to corporate social responsibility. It develops innovative products and services to meet the
communication and technology needs of society. It also actively engages in a wide range of social service activities
to give back to society. The Group utilizes internal resources such as technology expertise, network capacity and
employees’ leisure time (in respect of volunteer work) to support the social service activities.


Raising Cybersecurity Awareness
SmarTone has always placed great importance on network security. We launched a “3 Security Tips” educational
campaign to help customers easily identify scam messages. SmarTone also introduced an exclusive new group of
cartoon characters, “Guardians of Network Security”, to promote network security and help customers outsmart
scammers and enjoy peace of mind.


SmarTone 5G Ednovation Program
SmarTone launched its new initiative “SmarTone 5G Ednovation Program” during the year, which is an endeavor to
bring 5G technology into school campuses through integrating education and innovation. In this program, SmarTone
developed diversified 5G solutions that can assist teachers in achieving their educational goals, enhancing teaching
efficiency, as well as stimulating students’ passion in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics)
learning.

As the first school participating in the “SmarTone 5G Ednovation Program”, HKSKH Bishop Hall Secondary School
has implemented a “5G Smart Hydroponics Planting System” on their campus. With multiple sets of 4K cameras and
a series of sensors, students can monitor the plant on livestream while the AI analyses water condition, humidity,
temperature, etc. to provide advice on how to care for the plants. Another batch of 4K cameras is also set up for real-
time system monitoring.

Kowloon Bay St. John The Baptist Catholic Primary School, with the assistance of SmarTone’s professional team,
utilized the latest 5G technology to convert a bus into a 5G classroom. Using Internet of Things (IoT) devices
connected to a 5G network, this new facility is controlled with intelligent sensors. For instance, lights turn on
automatically when students and teachers enter. Air conditioners and projectors can likewise be turned on and off
via a simple remote control. This initiative cultivates students’ understanding of how 5G can be utilized to make life
easier, greener and more energy efficient.

SmarTone has also created a “5G Smart Terrarium” at one of the program’s pilot schools – Man Kwan Pak Kau
College. This engaging new turtle habitat is equipped with IoT technology to collect various real-time data and record
the growth and living conditions of turtles, thus fostering students’ passion for STEM learning.


Helping People in Need
SmarTone gives its full support to people in need. For example, in response to the massive earthquake and multiple
aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, SmarTone waived roaming data, voice and SMS charges for 10 days for all SmarTone




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
customers in the two countries. SmarTone provided uninterrupted communication services to customers stranded in
the affected areas, allowing them to stay in touch with family and friends.




                                                                                                                          37
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               SmarTone Volunteer Service Team
                                               SmarTone regularly offers volunteering opportunities to our staff and actively encourages and promotes volunteerism
                                               as a means of giving back directly to the community. These activities are organized by Human Resources with the
                                               enthusiastic participation of individuals who form the SmarTone Volunteer Service Team. Through their collective
                                               efforts, SmarTone staff have made positive impact on the lives of many individuals and have also gained valuable
                                               personal experiences and insights. This commitment to volunteering has been recognized and awarded, as SmarTone
                                               has received the prestigious Caring Company Scheme award every year since 2002/03.

                                               During the year under review, SmarTone organized or participated in many social service activities, including the
                                               following:

                                               •    Smartphone workshops
                                                    Smartphones have become an indispensable tool in life, not just for the younger generations but also the senior
                                                    citizens. In view of this, in September 2022, the volunteer team once again collaborated with HKSKH Lok Man
                                                    Alice Kwok Integrated Service Centre to run a workshop to teach the elderly how to use the smartphones to deal
                                                    with the different needs of their daily lives.

                                                    We also held another workshop for the elderly in October 2022, explaining the registration process and the
                                                    documentation requirements for the newly enacted real-name registration program for mobile SIM cards.

                                               •    Meals for the needy
                                                    In November 2022 and February 2023, our volunteers demonstrated their support to Gingko House by helping
                                                    to prepare and distribute free meal boxes to the underprivileged in Yau Ma Tei and Yau Tong. Gingko House
                                                    promotes the employment of the elderly in various ways, whether by hiring them to work in restaurants or
                                                    helping them to sell handicrafts and food in the House’s stores. Gingko House also provides free meals to the
                                                    needy in the neighborhoods as part of their social service initiatives.

                                               •    Christmas party for kids and Mother’s Day gift workshop
                                                    In December 2022, the volunteer team partnered with HOPE Worldwide Centre for Kids (Shek Kip Mei) to host a
                                                    Christmas party for grassroots families and children with special educational needs. The party featured a series of
                                                    activities full of fun and creativity. We ended the party with handpicked Christmas gifts for the kids, hoping that




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    the warmth of the party would continue even after they returned home.

                                                    In May 2023, we met the kids again at a workshop to prepare gifts for Mother’s Day. In the workshop, the kids
                                                    used their creativity to decorate cookies and carnation bouquets as gifts to express their gratitude and love for
                                                    their mothers.

                                               •    Visits to the elderly
                                                    There are elderly people living alone in the community who need our attention. The volunteer team, together
                                                    with HKSKH Lok Man Alice Kwok Integrated Service Centre, organized home visits to the elderly in March 2023,
                                                    sending them our blessings with fruits and health tea bags.




38
              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Key performance indicators
Environmental Performance

                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                Unit     30 June 2023        30 June 2022


Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
  Combustion of fuels in motor vehicles (under Scope 1)                  tonne CO2e                  93                 91
  Use of electricity (under Scope 2)                                     tonne CO2e              46,353             45,631


     Total GHG emissions1                                                tonne CO2e              46,446             45,722


     Total GHG emissions intensity                                      tonne CO2e/               0.010               0.010
                                                                     service revenue
                                                                            HK$’000


Energy consumption
  Electricity                                                                  MWh              105,453            104,758
  Gasoline and diesel                                                          MWh                  357                351


     Total energy consumption                                                  MWh              105,810            105,109


     Total energy consumption intensity                                        MWh/               0.023               0.023
                                                                     service revenue
                                                                            HK$’000


Paper consumption
  Paper consumed (printing paper used during the course                           kg             14,033             14,139
    of business in offices, retail shops and stores)
  Paper recycled (all kinds of paper collected during the                         kg             12,617             15,876
    course of business and sent to recycling)

Note:

1.     Emission data in Scope 2 is calculated by multiplying electricity consumption and the emission factor from CLP Group or
       Hongkong Electric Company Limited.




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                 39
                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Social performance
                                                                                                                                              Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                                                                   Unit      30 June 2023          30 June 2022

                                               Employee profile
                                                 Total workforce                                                         no. of people                1,277              1,252
                                                 Total workforce by rank
                                                   – Managerial                                                          no. of people                   301               290
                                                   – General                                                             no. of people                   976               962
                                                 Total workforce by gender
                                                   – Female                                                              no. of people                   465               463
                                                   – Male                                                                no. of people                   812               789
                                                 Total workforce by age group
                                                   – Under 30                                                            no. of people                   173               165
                                                   – 30–50                                                               no. of people                   810               817
                                                   – Above 50                                                            no. of people                   294               270
                                                 Total workforce by employment type
                                                   – Full-time                                                           no. of people                1,241              1,204
                                                   – Part-time                                                           no. of people                   36                 48

                                               Employee turnover
                                                 Employee turnover rate                                                               %                 28.8              29.5
                                                 Employee turnover rate by gender
                                                   – Female                                                                           %                 34.8              29.3
                                                   – Male                                                                             %                 25.4              29.5
                                                 Employee turnover rate by age group
                                                   – Under 30                                                                         %                 62.9              44.6
                                                   – 30–50                                                                            %                 27.8              31.3
                                                   – Above 50                                                                         %                 12.6              14.9

                                               Occupational health and safety
                                                 Work-related fatalities1                                                no. of people                         0              0
                                                 Lost days due to work injury                                                     days                         0            7.5

                                               Development and training
                                                 Total workforce trained                                                 no. of people                1,034                677
                                                 Employee trained by employee category
                                                   – Managerial                                                          no. of people                   249                195
                                                     (% of employees in this category)                                             %                   (82.7)             (67.2)
                                                   – General                                                             no. of people                   785                482
                                                     (% of employees in this category)                                             %                   (80.4)             (50.1)
                                                 Employee trained by gender
                                                   – Female                                                              no. of people                   395                254




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     (% of employees of this gender)                                               %                   (84.9)             (54.9)
                                                   – Male                                                                no. of people                   639                423
                                                     (% of employees of this gender)                                               %                   (78.7)             (53.6)
                                                 Average training hours per employee by employee
                                                   category
                                                   – Managerial                                                       hours/employee                   6.95               7.67
                                                   – General                                                          hours/employee                  16.07              17.78
                                                 Average training hours per employee by gender
                                                   – Female                                                           hours/employee                  12.00               9.51
                                                   – Male                                                             hours/employee                  15.03              18.09

                                               Supply Chain Management
                                                 Number of approved suppliers by geographical location
                                                   – Local                                                                          no.                  375               367
                                                   – Overseas                                                                       no.                   42                43

                                               Product Responsibility
                                                 Number of complaints received2                                            no. of cases                  225               215

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   There is no work-related fatality in each of the past three years including the year ended 30 June 2023.

                                               2.   This represents the number of complaint cases received from outside sources including the Office of the Communications
                                                    Authority and the Consumer Council.
40
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2023.


Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Business review
The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 9 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 10 to 12 of this
Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


(i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
     As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 22 to 23, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
     management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
     Group’s operations and business.

     The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The followings are the key
     risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

     Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competition, which had led to pricing pressure and
     increased marketing costs.

     Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
     business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
     operations and affect the service to customers.

     Compliance – The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make
     sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws
     and regulations will result in legal penalty, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

     Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
(ii) Environmental policies and performance
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.




                                                                                                                          41
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               (iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and risks of non-
                                                    compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws and
                                                    regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To
                                                    the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
                                                    regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2023.


                                               (iv) Relationship with employees
                                                    People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
                                                    training and career development opportunities. It also recognizes good performance. It provides a variety of
                                                    activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

                                                    The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


                                               (v) Relationship with customers
                                                    The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
                                                    improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
                                                    discussions, market surveys, hotlines, social media, online live chat, etc.

                                                    The Group’s superior service has been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from
                                                    various reputable organizations during the past years.


                                               (vi) Relationship with suppliers
                                                    The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
                                                    anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
                                                    suppliers.


                                               Results
                                               The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2023 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
                                               page 78.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Dividend
                                               The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023 of $0.175 per share
                                               (2021/22: $0.155 per share). The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of $0.145 per share paid
                                               by the Company during the year (2021/22: $0.145 per share), makes a total dividend for the year of $0.32 per share
                                               (2021/22: $0.30 per share).


                                               Five years financial summary
                                               A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
                                               page 72.




42
                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Distributable reserves
Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2023, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
laws, amounted to $1,117,995,000 (30 June 2022: $1,117,209,000).


Donations
During the year, the Group did not make any charitable or other donations (2021/22: Nil).


Share capital
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are shown in note 35 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

*    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                               ** Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
      Chairman
                                                               ** Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
*    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
      Deputy Chairman                                          ** Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                   ** Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
      Deputy Chairman
                                                               ** Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona1
      Chief Executive Officer                                  ** Mr. Peter Kung

     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                 ** Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine4

*    Mr. David Norman Prince

*    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

     Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman2

*    Mr. John Anthony Miller3

*    Non-Executive Director
**   Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
Notes:

1.   Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona was appointed as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect
     from 15 February 2023.

2.   Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman resigned as an Executive Director and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company with
     effect from 1 March 2023.

3.   Mr. John Anthony Miller retired as a Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual general meeting of the
     Company held on 1 November 2022.

4.   Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine retired as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual
     general meeting of the Company held on 1 November 2022.
                                                                                                                                   43
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas,
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting. In
                                               accordance with Bye-law No. 83(2), Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona also retires at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
                                               All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

                                               The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
                                               Company’s Bye-laws.

                                               None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
                                               with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
                                               compensation, other than statutory compensation.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his
                                               independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                               (the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


                                               Directors’ emoluments
                                               The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
                                               by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
                                               rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
                                               Company are based on terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
                                               the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 are shown in note 41 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
                                               and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
                                               business
                                               Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
                                               significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
                                               company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
                                               interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Biographical details of Directors
                                               Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 60 to 67.




44
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 30 June 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to
the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                             Number of shares held

                                      Personal                                       Number of
                                      interests                                      underlying                            % of
                                       (held as                                     shares held                          issued
                                     beneficial          Other                     under equity                          voting
     Name of Director                   owner)        Interests            Total    derivatives           Total          shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                 –        5,162,3371       5,162,337                –     5,162,337            0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               437,359                –          437,359                –       437,359            0.04

     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                    –                –                –       4,000,0002     4,000,000            0.36
                                                                                        (Personal
                                                                                      interests in
                                                                                   share options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             146,000           11,0003         157,000                –       157,000            0.01

     Notes:

     1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
           beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     2.    These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
           physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
           entitled “Share option scheme”.

     3.    These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                    45
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company
                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                                                                   Number of shares held

                                                                                            Personal                                      Number of
                                                                                            interests                                     underlying                   % of
                                                                                             (held as                                    shares held                 issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                     under equity                 voting
                                                        Name of Director                      owner)       interests         Total       derivatives         Total   shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    550,237,6861   552,006,429                 –   552,006,429    19.05
                                                                                                          1,580,0002

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000              –          1,000                 –         1,000     0.00

                                                        David Norman Prince                    2,000              –          2,000                 –         2,000     0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003         7,000                 –         7,000     0.00

                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284         4,028                 –         4,028     0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




46
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                               Number of shares held

                                                    Personal                                                           Number of
                                                    interests                                                          underlying                                       % of
                                                     (held as                                                         shares held                                     issued
                                                   beneficial                  Other                                 under equity                                     voting
    Name of Director                                  owner)                interests                      Total      derivatives                     Total           shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                    –           3,485,0001             3,485,000                         –            3,485,000               0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                            4,000,000                            –         4,000,000               8,000,0002            12,000,000               0.51

    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                                       –                        –                     –           4,700,0002             4,700,000               0.20

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                             50,000                            –             50,000                        –                50,000              0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
          physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
          options are shown below:

                                                                                                                           Number of share options

                                                                                            Outstanding                                               Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                                                                      at            Granted         Exercised            Lapsed              at
                                                    Exercise                                      1 July              during           during             during        30 June
          Name of Director       Date of grant         price         Exercise period*              2022             the year         the year           the year           2023
                                                           $


          Fung Yuk-lun, Allen    22 May 2019          6.688          22 May 2020 to           4,000,000                   –                –                   –      4,000,000
                                                                       21 May 2024

                                 4 May 2022           6.532            4 May 2023 to          4,000,000                   –                –                   –      4,000,000
                                                                         3 May 2027

          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   19 June 2018         5.048          19 June 2019 to          1,500,000                   –                –          (1,500,000)             –
                                                                       18 June 2023

                                 22 May 2019          6.688          22 May 2020 to           1,000,000                   –                –                   –      1,000,000




                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
                                                                       21 May 2024

                                 5 May 2021           7.982            5 May 2022 to          2,500,000                   –                –                   –      2,500,000
                                                                         4 May 2026

                                 12 January 2023      4.514        12 January 2024 to                 –            1,200,000               –                   –      1,200,000
                                                                     11 January 2028

          *        The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                   date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                   part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.


                                                                                                                                                                                  47
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                    (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                        associated corporations:
                                                                                                                                                             Actual % of
                                                                                                                                       Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                                                                       held through        issued voting
                                                         Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


                                                         Splendid Kai Limited
                                                           (commenced members’ voluntary liquidation on 15 June 2022)                           2,5001               25.00

                                                         Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 251              25.00

                                                         Tinyau Company Limited                                                                      11              50.00

                                                         Open Step Limited                                                                           81              80.00

                                                         Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,9001                20.00

                                                         Note:

                                                         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                              certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2023, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                               interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
                                               SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
                                               or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
                                               the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK
                                               pursuant to the Model Code.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




48
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share option scheme
The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company
held on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
by the SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company,
at the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.


1. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                                      Number of share options

                                                                        Outstanding                                                            Outstanding
                                                                                  at    Granted       Exercised      Canceled      Lapsed               at
                                           Exercise                           1 July      during         during         during      during         30 June
    Grantee                Date of grant      price     Exercise period        2022     the year       the year       the year    the year            2023
                                                  $


    Directors
    Tam Lok-man, Norman 7 November 2022      3.976 15 November 2022 to          N/A    4,000,0001&3 (1,200,000)4            –    (2,800,000)             –
                                                     14 November 2026

    Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964      21 April 2024 to        N/A    4,000,0002&3           –             –             –      4,000,000
                                                          20 April 2028

    Notes:

    1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from 15 November 2022, up to 60% of the grant from 15
           November 2023, and in whole or in part of the grant from 15 November 2024. Any unexercised share options shall lapse
           after 14 November 2026. The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the
           share options were granted was $4.06 per share.

    2.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60%
           of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
           anniversary of the date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.
           The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the share options were granted
           was $4.90 per share.




                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                                             49
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   3.   The values of the share options granted on 7 November 2022 and 21 April 2023, as calculated by using the Black-Scholes
                                                        option pricing model, were approximately $4,077,000 and $2,539,000, respectively. The significant inputs to the model
                                                        were:

                                                                                                                                                     Date of grant

                                                                                                                                             7 November                21 April
                                                                                                                                                   2022                   2023


                                                        Risk-free interest ratea                                                                   4.323%              3.042%
                                                        Expected volatilityb                                                                     18.400%              22.398%
                                                        Expected dividend yieldc                                                                   7.732%              6.122%
                                                        Expected life of the share optionsd                                                  4 years 8 days             5 years

                                                        a.   This represented the market yield on Hong Kong government bonds corresponding to the expected life of the share
                                                             options as of the valuation date.

                                                        b.   This represented the annualized volatility of the closing price of the shares of the Company over a period of 260
                                                             trading days preceding the date of grant.

                                                        c.   This represented the yield of the expected dividend, being the historical dividend on the shares of the Company for
                                                             the year preceding the date of grant.

                                                        d.   This was based on the assumption that there was no material difference between the expected volatility over the
                                                             whole life of the share options and the historical volatility of the shares of the Company for the year preceding the
                                                             date of grant.

                                                        The values of the share options are subject to a number of assumptions and limitations of the model. Therefore, the
                                                        values may be subjective and would change should any of the assumptions changed.

                                                   4.   The weighted average closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the share
                                                        options were exercised was $5.239 per share.

                                               Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
                                               pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
                                               canceled or lapsed during the year.

                                               The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               111,098,860 on 1 July 2022 and 105,898,860 on 30 June 2023.

                                               The number of shares that may be issued in respect of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme
                                               during the year ended 30 June 2023 was 8,000,000, representing 0.72% of the weighted average number of
                                               ordinary shares in issue (less shares held for the share award scheme) for the year.




50
                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                       (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
   A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below:

   (a) Purpose
        The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive to participants to contribute to the Group
        and/or to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources
        that are valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of the
        Group.

   (b) Participants
        Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including any
        director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of the
        Group based on his/her work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
        relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme.

   (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
        The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
        Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10%
        of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the Share Option Scheme by the shareholders of the
        Company.

        The Company may seek approval by the shareholders in general meeting for “refreshing” the 10% limit
        under the Share Option Scheme. However, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise
        of all options to be granted under all of the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of
        the Company under the limit as “refreshed” must not exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of
        approval of the limit.

        The limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted
        and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
        Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.

        On 1 September 2023, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 109,898,860 shares
        which represents approximately 9.93% of the issued shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                     51
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                        The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Option Scheme is that the total number
                                                        of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to such participant (including both
                                                        exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue.
                                                        Where any further offer of the grant of options to a participant would result in the shares issued and to
                                                        be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
                                                        canceled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further
                                                        offer representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further offer of grant must be
                                                        separately approved by the shareholders in general meeting with such participant and his close associates (or
                                                        his associates if the participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

                                                   (e) Time of exercise of option
                                                        The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the Board
                                                        but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date on which the offer of the grant of the relevant
                                                        option is made.

                                                        Unless otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of offer, there is
                                                        neither any performance target that needs to be achieved by the grantee before an option can be exercised
                                                        nor any minimum period for which an option must be held before the option can be exercised.

                                                   (f) Payment on acceptance of option
                                                        An option shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate of the offer letter, comprising
                                                        acceptance of the option, duly signed by the grantee together with a remittance in favor of the Company
                                                        of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the secretary of the Company within
                                                        28 days from the date of offer.

                                                   (g) Basis of determining the subscription price
                                                        The subscription price shall be determined by the Board and notified to a participant at the time of offer of
                                                        the option(s) and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the SEHK’s
                                                        daily quotations sheets on the date of offer, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of
                                                        the shares as stated in the SEHK’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        the date of offer; and (iii) the nominal or par value of the shares.

                                                   (h) Remaining life
                                                        The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
                                                        adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2021.




52
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected
employees until the end of each vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting.
The selected employees are not required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new
shares of the Company will be issued under the Share Award Scheme.


1. Movements of awarded shares
     Movements of the awarded shares granted to selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme during
     the year ended 30 June 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                         Number of awarded shares

                                                                              Outstanding                                                       Outstanding
                                                                                        at   Awarded        Vested      Canceled     Lapsed              at
                                                                                    1 July      during       during        during     during        30 June
     Awardee                         Date of award      Vesting period               2022     the year     the year      the year   the year           2023


     Employees
     Five highest paid individuals   28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to         7,200           –        (7,200)2          –           –              –
        (apart from Directors)                            28 February 20231

     Other employees                 28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to       410,605           –      (380,885)2          –     (29,720)             –
                                                          28 February 20231

     Notes:

     1.       30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall
              vest on the third anniversary date of the date of award.

     2.       The weighted average closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the awarded
              shares were vested was $5.160 per share.

     The number of awarded shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was
     107,171,217 on both 1 July 2022 and 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                                              53
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               2. Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
                                                   A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

                                                   (a) Purpose and objectives
                                                        The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognize the contributions by certain
                                                        employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and
                                                        development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

                                                   (b) Administration
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
                                                        Scheme Rules.

                                                   (c) Duration
                                                        Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the
                                                        Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                                   (d) Maximum limit
                                                        The total number of shares that may be awarded under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of
                                                        the shares in issue (i.e., 1,124,269,277 shares) as at the Adoption Date.

                                                   (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any
                                                        employee (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share
                                                        Award Scheme as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or
                                                        allocation of awarded shares.

                                                        The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded
                                                        sums and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number
                                                        of shares in accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such
                                                        shares until they are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                        the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer
                                                        the relevant awarded shares to that selected employee. The selected employees are not required to pay any
                                                        purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares.

                                                   (f) Vesting and Lapse
                                                        Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
                                                        the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
                                                        anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
                                                        award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee
                                                        of the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

                                                        Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such
                                                        shares for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having
                                                        taken into account the recommendations of the Board.



54
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (g) Voting Rights
          The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

     (h) Termination
          The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date
          or such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect
          any subsisting rights of the selected employees.


Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 30 June 2023, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                           Total number         % of issued
Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               72.88%

HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      807,292,867               72.96%

Notes:

1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
     held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
     deemed to be interested in 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
     interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

     In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
     mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
     deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
     SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2023, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                     55
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                               a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                               Group.


                                               Permitted indemnity provision
                                               The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
                                               indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which
                                               he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
                                               the extent permitted by the laws.

                                               The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
                                               which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


                                               Sufficiency of public float
                                               Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
                                               confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




56
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Company repurchased 359,500 shares of the Company on the SEHK. These
repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2023. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                                 Number of              Price per share
                                                     shares                                            Aggregate
Month of repurchase                            repurchased            Highest             Lowest        price paid
                                                                            $                  $                 $


September 2022                                      151,000               4.12              4.12           622,000
October 2022                                        147,500               4.13              4.08           605,000
November 2022                                        61,000               3.87              3.84           236,000


                                                    359,500                                              1,463,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, and except that the trustee of the share award scheme of the Company, pursuant to the
terms of the rules and trust deed of the scheme, purchased on the SEHK a total of 341,993 shares of the Company at
a total consideration of $1,743,000, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2023 was there any purchase, sale or
redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.


Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                        57
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases attributable to major suppliers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                               27%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                         40%

                                               None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the
                                               Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers
                                               noted above.

                                               During the year, the Group sold less than 30% of its total goods and services to its five largest customers.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements also constituted
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. During the year ended 30 June 2023, the aggregate amounts of right-of-use assets acquired and
                                                          the payments recognized as expenses under such leases and licenses were $54,211,000 and $22,987,000
                                                          respectively.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2023, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $3,917,000.

                                                    (c)   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year ended
                                                          30 June 2023, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $12,118,000.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (d)   The Group provides information and communication technology (ICT) solutions to certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization, connectivity and industry-
                                                          specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2023, the revenue received or receivable were $83,427,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.




58
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s
     Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in
     accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

2.   At 30 June 2023, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 1 September 2023




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                            59
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond                               Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 70) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
                                               Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
                                               Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui                      Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 73) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of
                                               the CPA Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo
                                               Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor
                                               in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
                                               director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                               Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung retired as a non-executive director of Tianjin Development Holdings Limited with effect from 21 June
                                               2023.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a member of the Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of
                                               Hong Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary
                                               council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
                                               council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
                                               a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
                                               Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                               University in 2016.




60
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen                       Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 55) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was re-
designated as Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from
Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was
a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to
1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung
worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the managing
partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, and has been elected a Professor of Practice at The Hong
Kong Management Association, and the vice chairman of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.
Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee of
the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company.


LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona                          Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Ms. Fiona Lau (aged 41) was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in February
2023.

Prior to joining SmarTone, Ms. Lau was an executive director and the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings
Ltd. (“SUNeVision”). Since 2017, she has taken up various sales and business development roles in SUNeVision,
spearheading the transformation of the company into a customer-centric organization. Ms. Lau is currently a non-
executive director of SUNeVision.

Prior to joining Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited in 2017 and taking up various leadership roles at SUNeVision, Ms. Lau
was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held a number of senior positions across the
chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions from 2010 to 2017. Between 2005 and
2010 she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

A graduate of The University of Chicago, Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy.

Ms. Lau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                          61
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen                             Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 62) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                               Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

                                               Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering of
                                               City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               David Norman PRINCE                          Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince (aged 72) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
                                               experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
                                               Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
                                               executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the
                                               global leader in human resources services.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
                                               was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
                                               acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
                                               join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
                                               Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

                                               Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




62
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



SIU Hon-wah, Thomas                         Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 70) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director
of Wilson Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu
had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business
operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP                    Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li (aged 70), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed
Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.

Dr. Li is a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts
Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-
member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                         63
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP                   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 74) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
                                               China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
                                               executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic
                                               of China.

                                               Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                               Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                               and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                               Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
                                               from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
                                               Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
                                               and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
                                               Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                               Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                               from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                               to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018 and an independent non-
                                               executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 15 October 2022.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.


                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric                  Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan (aged 60) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is the Chief Executive
                                               Officer of Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software used to detect anomalous activity
                                               on networks and systems.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which
                                               became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank
                                               Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




64
                                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE



LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny                            Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 49) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited and Shui On
Xintiandi Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.

Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
Franklin Scholar.


LEE Yau-tat, Samuel                      Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Samuel Lee (aged 56) was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                           65
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Peter Kung (aged 61) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022.

                                               Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
                                               Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of
                                               the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
                                               Administrative Region.

                                               Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered
                                               Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also
                                               Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

                                               Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
                                               Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
                                               Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

                                               Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited and
                                               Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (“Kingboard Laminates”). He is also an independent non-executive director of
                                               CCB International (Holdings) Limited (“CCB International”). Both Kingboard and CCB International are listed on The
                                               Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee
                                               of eBRAM, and a non-executive director and chairman of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. He has been a China Tax
                                               Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since October 2019.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




66
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona and Mr. Chau
Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed
in Hong Kong.

Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her serving as an Executive Director
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject
to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. For the role as a
Director of the Company, Ms. Lau will retire and be re-elected by shareholders at the next general meeting of the Company after
her appointment. Thereafter, Ms. Lau will be subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general
meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is
determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a
basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2023 are disclosed in note 41 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2023 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 45 to 48 of this Annual Report.


Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                             67
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               Together We Nurture



                                               1. Grooming Talents

                                                 Introduce diversified opportunities for people and career development, including cross-sector exchanges for
                                                 frontline service staff, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions, to nurture employees and
                                                 enable them to explore their personal potential and professional ability to achieve all-round development.




                                               2. Caring For Staff
                                                 Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with a range of festive activities and health
                                                 series, including office yoga, message, and sound bath to organise caring activities and initiatives.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




68
                                                          COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



Sustaining Our Future



1. Green 5G Network
  SmarTone has successfully improved its energy efficiency by deploying the latest technologies in its mobile
  network. By modernising base station hardware and software, we achieved a 25% energy efficiency
  improvement. Additionally, SmarTone utilised an AI-based solution to dynamically adjust power consumption
  based on traffic pattern, resulting in further 11% energy efficiency gain without compromising network
  performance. These combined effort has led to an impressive overall energy efficiency improvement of 36%,
  demonstrating SmarTone’s commitment to sustainability and minimising energy consumption.


          New Equipment



                                    Energy
                                    Efficiency




                                    Energy
                                                                                           36
                                    Efficiency


                                         11
2. Cybersecurity Awareness
  SmarTone has always placed great importance on network security. We launched a “3 Security Tips” educational
  campaign to help customers easily identify scam messages. SmarTone is also introducing an exclusive new group
  of cartoon characters, “Guardians of Network Security”, to promote network security and help customers




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
  outsmart scammers and enjoy peace of mind.




                                                                                                                  69
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               3. SmarTone 5G Ednovation Programme

                                                 “SmarTone 5G Ednovation Programme” is an initiative to bring 5G technology into school campuses through
                                                 integrating education and innovation. SmarTone develops diversified 5G solutions that can assist teachers in
                                                 achieving their educational goals, enhancing teaching efficiency, as well as stimulating students’ passion in STEM
                                                 learning.


                                                 The SmarTone team provided “5G Smart Hydroponics Planting System”, “5G Power-Saving Bus Classroom” and
                                                 “5G Smart Terrarium” for students to enjoy innovative learning experiences.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




70
                                                         COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



4. Caring For The Community

  Smartone Volunteer Team sending care and warmth to those in need in the community through collaboration
  with Gingkohouse, Hope worldwide and HKSKH Lok Man Alice Kwok Integrated Service Centre to host various
  activities to build a harmonious society. We received an award of appreciation during the 2020-22 Community
  Engagement Awards Ceremony organised by the Senior Citizen Home Safety Association (SCHSA) for our efforts
  in supporting the elderly.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                71
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                                                                2023      2022          2021      2020      2019

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                         6,763     6,957         6,720     6,986    8,415

                                               Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders     269       423           445       379       632

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                      0.24      0.38          0.40      0.34     0.56

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                  354       332           333       331      438
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)                0.32      0.30          0.30     0.295     0.39


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                    10,898    12,581        10,650    10,432     9,883
                                               Current liabilities                             (2,704)   (4,091)       (2,660)   (2,874)   (2,673)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities            8,194     8,490         7,990     7,558     7,210
                                               Non-current liabilities                         (3,110)   (3,336)       (2,893)   (2,545)   (2,133)
                                               Non-controlling interests                            –         –            22        20       (20)


                                               Net assets                                       5,084     5,154         5,119     5,033    5,057


                                               Share capital                                      111       111           111       112      112
                                               Reserves                                         4,973     5,043         5,008     4,921    4,945


                                               Total equity attributable to the Company’s
                                                 shareholders                                   5,084     5,154         5,119     5,033    5,057




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




72
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) which are set out on pages 78 to 152, comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2023;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
     explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 30 June 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                          73
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                               the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                               of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matters identified in our audit are related to revenue recognition and expected credit loss assessment of
                                               financial assets at amortized cost.

                                               Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                        Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition
                                                                                                          included, but were not limited to:
                                               Refer to note 2(y) – Summary of significant accounting
                                               policies, note 3(a) – Critical accounting estimates and    •     Understanding management’s control and processes
                                               judgements and note 5 – Segment reporting                        in relation to revenue recognition and assessing
                                                                                                                the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                               The Group recognized revenue of HK$6,763 million from            considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
                                               the provision of telecommunication services and sale of          and the judgement involved in determining the
                                               handsets and accessories for the year ended 30 June              assumptions to be applied.
                                               2023.
                                                                                                          •     Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                               Management’s judgement is required to identify the               assessments on the identification of performance
                                               number of performance obligations for each contract,             obligations based on the contractual agreements;
                                               assess the relative standalone selling price of each
                                               performance obligation and the allocation of revenue       •     Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                               among those different performance obligations in                 judgement and estimates used to determine the
                                               multiple-element contracts.                                      standalone selling price of each performance
                                                                                                                obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                               Significant effort is spent in auditing the revenue              element arrangements with reference to observable
                                               recognized by the Group because of the high volume               market data;
                                               of transactions, frequent changes to a variety of tariff
                                               structures and different types of multiple-element         •     Testing the key controls over the capture and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               contracts.                                                       measurement of revenue transactions and
                                                                                                                performing detailed testing of revenue transactions,
                                                                                                                on a sample basis, by tracing the transactions from
                                                                                                                the billing systems to supporting documents, such
                                                                                                                as underlying invoices, contractual agreements and
                                                                                                                evidence of cash receipts; and

                                                                                                          •     Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                                                                                                allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                                                                                                performance obligation of multiple-element
                                                                                                                arrangements.




74
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (Continued)
Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Expected credit loss (“ECL”) assessment of financial assets   Our procedures in relation to the ECL assessment of
at amortized cost                                             financial assets at amortized cost included, but were not
                                                              limited to:
Refer to note 2(k) – Summary of significant accounting
policies, note 3(e) – Critical accounting estimates and       •    Obtaining an understanding of management’s
judgements, and note 23 – Financial assets at amortized            process for the ECL assessment;
cost.
                                                              •    Together with the assistance of our internal
The Group has investments in debt securities which                 valuation expert;
are classified as financial assets at amortized cost. The
related charge to the ECL for the financial assets at              •    Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
amortized cost of HK$201 million was recognized in the                  judgement and estimates used to determine
consolidated profit and loss account for the year ended                 the staging by considering various factors such
30 June 2023, resulting in carrying values of the financial             as the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
assets at amortized cost of HK$170 million as at 30 June                the circumstances concerning the business
2023.                                                                   and financial affairs of the underlying debt
                                                                        issuers at the time of initial recognition as well
The Group assessed whether the credit risk of the debt                  as at the end of the reporting period, relevant
securities has increased significantly since their initial              industry information and expected industry
recognition and applied a three-stage impairment model                  outlook; and
approach to calculate the ECL. For debt securities that
are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed           •    Assessing the reasonableness and appropriateness
the ECL using a model that incorporated relevant                        of the selection and application of models and
assumptions, including probability of default (“PD”)                    underlying key assumptions, including the PD,
and loss given default (“LGD”). For debt securities that                LGD and expected cashflows, the application of
are classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL                   multiple scenarios and assigned probability
for each debt securities using various scenarios with                   in the model by considering the supporting
probability weightings given to those different scenarios.              evidence such as credit reports issued by credible
The assumptions also take into account forward-looking                  agencies, the latest financial information available
estimates by referencing to macroeconomic factors.                      from the debt securities issuers and other relevant
                                                                        information.
We focus on this area since determining the ECL involves
significant management’s judgements and is subject to
a high degree of inherent uncertainty as to potential
outcomes, which has increased significantly due to the
recent market condition and volatility of the debt security
market.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                               75
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Other Information
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
                                               information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
                                               thereon.

                                               Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                                               form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                                               In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
                                               information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
                                               financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                                               If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
                                               we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


                                               Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
                                               a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
                                               Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                               preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                               error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                               alternative but to do so.

                                               The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981
                                               of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                               scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


76
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Continued)
•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
     cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
     uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
     consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
     are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
     conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ka Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 1 September 2023

                                                                                                                               77
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                      Notes              $000              $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                            4,546,174         4,488,597
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          2,216,710         2,468,688


                                               Revenues                                                                5            6,762,884         6,957,285
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (2,199,365)       (2,402,302)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (392,289)         (370,175)
                                               Staff costs                                                             6             (730,885)         (652,017)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                           9             (978,229)         (957,462)
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         9           (1,759,682)       (1,831,707)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       702,434           743,622
                                               Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost              9             (201,257)           (31,000)
                                               Finance income                                                          7               84,899             32,635
                                               Finance costs                                                           8             (132,693)         (145,440)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                 9             453,383           599,817
                                               Income tax expense                                                      10            (184,537)         (176,891)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                268,846          422,926


                                               Profit attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                                 268,846          423,170
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                                    –             (244)


                                                                                                                                      268,846          422,926


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 during the year (expressed in cents per share)                        14
                                                 Basic                                                                                   24.3              38.2
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 24.3              38.2




                                               The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
78
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                  For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                            $000            $000

Profit for the year                                                                      268,846         422,926


Other comprehensive loss
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                       (1,138)           (400)
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                               (8,903)           (561)


Other comprehensive loss for the year                                                    (10,041)           (961)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  258,805         421,965


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Company’s shareholders                                                                   258,805         422,209
Non-controlling interests                                                                      –            (244)


                                                                                         258,805         421,965




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23



The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                                     79
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                              2023        2022
                                                                                                                  Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        16     2,925,297   2,736,212
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                          17       101,702      87,608
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        32,241      42,747
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                 19       764,873     917,635
                                               Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22         7,291      16,194
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23       147,832     336,973
                                               Intangible assets                                                   24     4,431,409   4,904,742
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25        79,326     130,145
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                          26         6,447       7,468


                                               Total non-current assets                                                   8,496,421   9,179,727


                                               Current assets
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                           28     1,155,152     385,467
                                               Short-term bank deposits                                            28             –   1,755,049
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        93,287      88,312
                                               Trade receivables                                                   25       351,339     343,809
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       252,548     243,751
                                               Other receivables                                                   25        62,565      82,402
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23        21,749      54,783
                                               Inventories                                                         27       106,333     100,036
                                               Tax reserve certificates                                                     359,549     347,796


                                               Total current assets                                                       2,402,522   3,401,405


                                               Current liabilities




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Trade payables                                                      29      317,302      239,453
                                               Other payables and accruals                                         29      660,926      723,543
                                               Contract liabilities                                                30      357,568      332,394
                                               Lease liabilities                                                   31      532,088      576,299
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                              611,198      557,318
                                               Bank and other borrowings                                           32        2,200    1,444,812
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                33      222,922      217,609


                                               Total current liabilities                                                  2,704,204   4,091,428




80
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                              At 30 June 2023
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                           34              63,309         75,710
Contract liabilities                                                   30               6,940         14,455
Lease liabilities                                                      31             254,906        328,522
Bank and other borrowings                                              32              63,800         66,000
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                   33           2,578,218      2,734,426
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             143,079        116,807


Total non-current liabilities                                                       3,110,252      3,335,920


Net assets                                                                          5,084,487      5,153,784


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          35             110,646        110,579
Reserves                                                                            4,973,841      5,043,205


Total equity                                                                        5,084,487      5,153,784

The financial statements on pages 78 to 152 were approved by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2023 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
Director                                         Director




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                 81
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                                       Notes       $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                         453,383       599,817
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                           16      532,220       639,345
                                                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    19      660,503       668,914
                                                 Amortization of intangible assets                                      24      473,333       431,828
                                                 Amortization of customer acquisition costs                             17       87,333         80,373
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                        9        6,293         11,247
                                                 Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                     201,257         31,000
                                                 Finance income                                                         7       (84,899)       (32,635)
                                                 Finance costs                                                          8       132,693       145,440
                                                 Share-based payments                                                   6         2,094          2,284


                                                                                                                               2,464,210    2,577,613
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Increase in inventories                                                          (6,297)      (42,613)
                                                 Decrease in contract assets, trade receivables, deposits,
                                                   prepayments and other receivables                                             63,666        21,598
                                                 Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables, accruals, contract
                                                   liabilities and deferred income                                                22,694     (152,585)
                                                 Capitalization of customer acquisition costs                                   (101,427)      (91,107)


                                               Cash generated from operations                                                  2,442,846    2,312,906
                                                 Interest paid                                                                   (73,377)      (73,022)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                                (103,354)    (109,416)
                                                 Purchase of tax reserve certificates                                            (11,753)      (94,312)


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       2,254,362    2,036,156




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                           (708,774)     (711,676)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                              572            73
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost                     23,519        62,128
                                                 Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                            (219,636)     (252,682)
                                                 Decrease/(increase) in short-term bank deposits                               1,754,543    (1,755,049)
                                                 Interest received                                                                80,760        35,568


                                               Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities                              930,984     (2,621,638)




82
                                      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                     Notes              $000                 $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Issue of shares                                                                       4,772                     –
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                     (1,463)             (22,360)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                            (1,743)               (3,563)
  Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                      –                (8,797)
  Redemption of notes payable                                                      (1,427,211)                    –
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                        (19,228)             (96,425)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                               (638,845)           (660,012)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                       (331,762)           (332,853)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (2,415,480)      (1,124,010)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 769,866        (1,709,492)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                   385,467            2,094,884
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                (181)                  75


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                           28          1,155,152             385,467




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                       83
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                            Employee
                                                                                                                                           Capital                        share-based                                                  Non-
                                                                                                    Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed     compensation      Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                                                                                   capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus            reserve      reserve      profits        Total      interests        Total
                                                                                                    $000         $000          $000          $000             $000               $000         $000        $000          $000          $000          $000

                                               At 30 June 2021                                    111,099    1,640,986       14,857        16,946             1,054             6,043       (1,075)   3,329,063    5,118,973       (21,865)    5,097,108


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                      –           –             –             –                 –                   –          –     423,170      423,170            (244)    422,926
                                               Other comprehensive loss
                                               Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
                                                 through other comprehensive income                     –           –          (561)            –                 –                   –          –            –         (561)             –         (561)
                                               Currency translation differences                         –           –             –             –                 –                   –       (400)           –         (400)             –         (400)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the year
                                                 ended 30 June 2022                                     –           –          (561)            –                 –                   –       (400)    423,170      422,209            (244)    421,965


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                            –           –             –             –                 –              2,284           –            –         2,284            –          2,284
                                               Lapse of share award                                     –           –             –             –                 –               (976)          –          976             –            –              –
                                               Vesting of share award                                   –           –             –             –             3,435             (5,646)          –        2,211             –            –              –
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))                     (520)          –             –           520                 –                  –           –      (22,360)     (22,360)            –       (22,360)
                                               Purchase of shares for share award scheme                –           –             –             –            (3,563)                 –           –            –        (3,563)           –         (3,563)
                                               Acquisition of non-controlling interests                 –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –      (30,906)     (30,906)       22,109         (8,797)
                                               Payment of 2021 final dividend                           –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –     (172,203)    (172,203)            –      (172,203)
                                               Payment of 2022 interim dividend (note 15)               –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –     (160,650)    (160,650)            –      (160,650)


                                               Total transactions with owners                        (520)          –             –           520              (128)            (4,338)          –     (382,932)    (387,398)       22,109      (365,289)


                                               At 30 June 2022                                    110,579    1,640,986       14,296        17,466               926             1,705       (1,475)   3,369,301    5,153,784              –    5,153,784




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




84
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                       Employee
                                                                                            Capital                  share-based
                                                    Share       Share    Revaluation    redemption     Contributed compensation          Exchange     Retained
                                                   capital   premium         reserve        reserve        surplus       reserve           reserve      profits        Total
                                                     $000        $000           $000           $000           $000          $000              $000        $000         $000

At 30 June 2022                                    110,579   1,640,986        14,296        17,466             926            1,705         (1,475)   3,369,301    5,153,784


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                      –          –              –             –                –                  –           –     268,846      268,846
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                    –          –         (8,903)            –                –                  –           –            –       (8,903)
Currency translation differences                         –          –              –             –                –                  –      (1,138)           –       (1,138)


Total comprehensive income for the year
  ended 30 June 2023                                     –          –         (8,903)            –                –                  –      (1,138)    268,846      258,805


Transactions with owners
Issue of shares                                       120       6,018              –             –                –           (1,366)            –            –        4,772
Share-based payments (note 6)                           –           –              –             –                –            2,094             –            –        2,094
Lapse of share award                                    –           –              –             –                –             (141)            –          141            –
Vesting of share award                                  –           –              –             –            1,944           (2,044)            –          100            –
Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))                     (53)          –              –            53                –                –             –       (1,463)      (1,463)
Purchase of shares for share award scheme               –           –              –             –           (1,743)               –             –            –       (1,743)
Payment of 2022 final dividend                          –           –              –             –                –                –             –     (171,325)    (171,325)
Payment of 2023 interim dividend (note 15)              –           –              –             –                –                –             –     (160,437)    (160,437)


Total transactions with owners                         67       6,018              –            53             201            (1,457)            –     (332,984)    (328,102)


At 30 June 2023                                    110,646   1,647,004         5,393        17,519           1,127              248         (2,613)   3,305,163    5,084,487




                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                                85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2023.

                                                   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.


                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
                                                   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                                   stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                                                              Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
                                                              Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
                                                              historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                                              measured at fair value.

                                                              The Group’s current liabilities exceeded current assets by $301,682,000 as at 30 June 2023. This was
                                                              mainly due to contract liabilities of $357,568,000 recognized under HKFRS 15 which will gradually
                                                              reduce over time through the satisfaction of performance obligations under the contract terms and




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              current portion of lease liabilities of $532,088,000 where the related right of use assets are classified
                                                              within non-current assets. Taking into account of the Group’s history of cashflows from operations
                                                              and its expected future working capital requirements and available cash and deposit balances, there
                                                              are sufficient financial resources available to the Group to meet its obligations as and when they fall
                                                              due. Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
                                                              basis.




86
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (ii) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
          The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual
          reporting period commencing on 1 July 2022.

          Annual Improvements Project                    Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle
          HKAS 16 (Amendments)                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended
                                                           Use
          HKAS 37 (Amendments)                           Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
          HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework
          HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                   Narrow-scope Amendments
            (Amendments)
          AG 5 (Revised)                                 Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations

          The adoption of these amendments to standard did not have any significant change to the accounting
          policies or any significant effect on the results and financial position of the Group.

      (iii) New standard, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted
          Certain new standard, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
          been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2023 reporting periods and have not been early
          adopted by the Group.

          HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
          HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants1
          HKAS 1 (Amendments) and                        Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
            HKFRS Practice Statement 2
          HKAS 8 (Amendments)                            Definition of Account Estimates1
          HKAS 12 (Amendments)                           Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                            a Single Transaction1
          Amendment to HKAS 12                           International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules1
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                            Associate or Joint Venture3
          HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts1
          HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                            Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                            on Demand Clause1
          HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
          Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7               Supplier Finance Arrangement2
          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
          3
               The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.

          The Group does not expect that these new standard, amendments to standards and interpretations to
          existing standards would have any material impact on its results and financial position.




                                                                                                                        87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                                                        (i)   Subsidiaries
                                                              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                                              controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                                                              with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
                                                              of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                                                              Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies
                                                              are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                                              impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                                                              necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                                                              statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                        (ii) Associates
                                                              Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                              control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                              Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                              after initially being recognized at cost.

                                                        (iii) Equity method
                                                              Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted
                                                              thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                              profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                              in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognized as a
                                                              reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                              the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further
                                                              losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                              Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                              of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                              provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                              investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                              Group.

                                                              The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                              policy described in note 2(j).




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
      (iv) Changes in ownership interests
           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
           transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
           between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
           interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity
           attributable to owners of the Company.

           When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
           control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
           fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
           initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
           associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
           income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
           assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
           are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
           applicable HKFRSs.

           If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
           proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
           reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


   (c) Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
      costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
      received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


   (d) Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision maker.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
      The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
      performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions.




                                                                                                                       89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (e) Foreign currency translation
                                                        (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                                                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                                                              the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                                                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
                                                              the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                                                              at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                                                              such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                              currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss.

                                                              Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings, financial assets at
                                                              amortized cost, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and
                                                              losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account on a net basis within “other operating
                                                              expenses, net”.

                                                              Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
                                                              fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                        (iii) Group companies
                                                              The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                              are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                              •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                   of that balance sheet;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                   are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                   cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                   expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

                                                              •    all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                              On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                                                              entities are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the associated
                                                              exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                                                              In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                                              includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                                              are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss.




90
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (f) Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization (where
      the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

      (i)   Spectrum utilization fee
            Spectrum utilization fee represents the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
            telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
            present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,
            together with the related obligations. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the
            remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

            The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments
            represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being
            ready for its intended use, is capitalized as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
            borrowing costs as set out in note 2(t). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
            use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
            they are incurred.

            Variable annual payments are recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.


   (g) Fixed assets
      Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
      Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
      appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
      the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
      accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
      charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
      over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
      Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
      Network and testing equipment                                                                    62/3% – 50%
      Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                               20% – 331/3%
      Other fixed assets                                                                             20% – 331/3%




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
      The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
      cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

      No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
      therein.

      Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.



                                                                                                                         91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (g) Fixed assets (continued)
                                                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                        reporting period.

                                                        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                                                        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

                                                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                                        included in profit or loss.


                                                   (h) Leases
                                                        An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
                                                        determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                                                        time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the
                                                        arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.

                                                        Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the dates at which the
                                                        leased assets are available for use by the Group.

                                                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                                                        (i)   Lease liabilities
                                                              Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                                                              •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                                                              •    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

                                                              •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee,
                                                                   exercising an option to terminate the lease.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                                              measurement of the liability.

                                                              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                                                              determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would
                                                              have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
                                                              environment with similar terms and conditions.




92
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (h) Leases (continued)
       (i)   Lease liabilities (continued)
             To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

             •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the Group as a starting point,
                  adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

             •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                  held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

             •    makes adjustments specific to the lease.

             The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
             rate, which are not included in the lease liability until effective. When adjustments to lease payments
             based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
             use asset.

             Lease payments are allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
             the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
             rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

       (ii) Right-of-use assets
             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

             •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

             •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentive received;

             •    any initial direct costs; and

             •    restoration costs.

             The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives and the lease terms
             on a straight-line basis.

       (iii) Short-term and low-value leases
             Payments associated with short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets and all low-value leases
             are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms as expenses in the consolidated profit and




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
             loss account. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.




                                                                                                                            93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (i) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalization
                                                        The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
                                                        have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
                                                        capitalized as an asset when incurred, and amortized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
                                                        loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


                                                   (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
                                                        Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
                                                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
                                                        value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                                                        at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
                                                        of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
                                                        suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
                                                        period.


                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                                        (i)   Classification
                                                              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                                              •    those to be measured subsequently at financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                   income; and

                                                              •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

                                                              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                                              contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                                              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              For investments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
                                                              irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
                                                              through other comprehensive income.

                                                              For assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
                                                              payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. The Group reclassifies financial
                                                              assets at amortized cost when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

                                                        (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which
                                                              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to
                                                              receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      (iii) Measurement
          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
          are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

          Financial assets at amortized cost
          Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortized cost depends on the Group’s business
          model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from
          these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain
          or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/
          (losses), together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate
          line item in the consolidated profit and loss account.

          Financial assets at fair value
          The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
          has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
          reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
          investment. Investment income from such investments continue to be recognized in profit or loss as
          other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

      (iv) Impairment
          The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses for:

          •    financial assets at amortized cost; and

          •    financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income

          Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, measured based on the
          difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
          flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective
          interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other
          credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                       95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                        (iv) Impairment (continued)
                                                             Expected credit losses are recognized in stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
                                                             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, expected credit losses are provided for credit
                                                             losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
                                                             For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                                             recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses that result from all possible default events
                                                             over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default.

                                                             For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                                                             HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
                                                             receivables.

                                                             The Group considers a financial asset is in default when the Group is unlikely to receive the
                                                             outstanding contractual amounts in full, without recourse by the Group to action such as realizing the
                                                             security (if any is held). A financial asset can be classified as in default but without an allowance for
                                                             credit losses (i.e. no impairment loss is expected) after taking into account the value of collateral held
                                                             by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
                                                             the contractual cash flows. Write-offs can relate to a financial asset in its entirety, or to a portion of it,
                                                             and constitute a derecognition event.


                                                   (l) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                        currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                                        on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                        arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                        in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                   (m) Inventories




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, and purchased parts and materials are stated at the lower
                                                        of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realizable value is the
                                                        estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


                                                   (n) Trade receivables
                                                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                                                        course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
                                                        classified as current.

                                                        Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using
                                                        the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(k) for a description of the Group’s
                                                        impairment policies.




96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (o) Contract assets
      Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognized when the Group has performed
      the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
      payment is due.


   (p) Cash and cash equivalents
      For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
      at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
      investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
      of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


   (q) Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
      deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including
      any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
      Company’s shareholders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
      shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
      transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
      shareholders.

      Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.


   (r) Trade and other payables
      These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
      financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
      as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
      recognized initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective
      interest method.


   (s) Contract liabilities
      The Group recognizes contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to
      an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
      to the customer.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                      97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                                                        settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                                                        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                        production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                        prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                        period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                        on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

                                                        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   (u) Current and deferred income tax
                                                        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                        liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                        (i)   Current income tax
                                                              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                              enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                              and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                                                              taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                                                              interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
                                                              to the tax authorities.




98
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (u) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
      (ii) Deferred income tax
           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
           affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
           (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
           expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
           liability is settled.

           Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
           utilize those temporary differences and losses.

           Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying
           amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
           the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
           reverse in the foreseeable future.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
           tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
           Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
           and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
           recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized
           in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


   (v) Provisions
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
      events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
      can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
      not recognized for future operating losses.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
      settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even
      if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
      be small.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
      to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine
      the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
      the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as
      interest expense.




                                                                                                                           99
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (w)Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not
                                                              recognized until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                                                              Group recognizes a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has
                                                              created a constructive obligation.

                                                        (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                              The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                                              for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                              schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                              Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
                                                              as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognized
                                                              as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
                                                              are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                              available.

                                                              The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                              contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                              employee service in the current and prior periods.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




100
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (w)Employee benefits (continued)
      (iv) Share-based payments
          Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share award scheme and share
          option scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 36. The Group operates equity-
          settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
          consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

          Share award scheme
          Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
          value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognized as an
          expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
          reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognized
          over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
          satisfied.

          The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
          treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognized
          over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
          equity in the parent entity financial statements.

          Share option scheme
          The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized
          as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
          by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
          (for example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
          impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
          sales growth targets). The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over
          which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period,
          the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
          market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
          any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

          When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
          directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

          The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
          undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
          received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
          an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
          financial statements.




                                                                                                                      101
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (x) Contingent assets and liabilities
                                                        A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                                                        only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
                                                        the Group.

                                                        Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
                                                        inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognized.

                                                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                                                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
                                                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                        cannot be measured reliably.

                                                        A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                        change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a
                                                        provision.


                                                   (y) Revenue recognition
                                                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
                                                        and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                        discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                        The Group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                        future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                        activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                        consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                        Revenue is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        (i)   Sales of goods
                                                              Revenue from the sales of goods is recognized when control of the products has been transferred to
                                                              the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
                                                              title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                        (ii) Provision of services
                                                              Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                              and facilities and is recognized when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                              service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

                                                        (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                              The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                              standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                              element provided within the bundled contracts.




102
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (z) Interest income
      Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost and financial asset at fair value through other
      comprehensive income calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the consolidated
      profit and loss account as part of “finance income”.

      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
      financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
      financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
      deduction of the loss allowance).


   (aa) Dividend income
      Dividends are recognized as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.


   (ab) Earning per share
      (i)   Basic earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

            •    the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders

            •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                 excluding shares held for share award scheme.

      (ii) Diluted earnings per share
            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
            take into account:

            •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                 assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


   (ac) Dividend distribution
      Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at
      the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
      the reporting period.


   (ad) Financial guarantee
      A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
      for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the
      terms of a debt instrument. The Group recognizes financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and
      performs a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
      guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
      or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
      entire difference is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.




                                                                                                                           103
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (ae) Related parties
                                                        For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the
                                                        Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence
                                                        over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the
                                                        party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals
                                                        including key management or other entities.


                                                   (af) Government grants
                                                        Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                                                        the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                                                        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the profit or loss over the period
                                                        necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


                                               3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                   The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                                                   equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
                                                   policies.

                                                   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                   including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
                                                   reasonable under the circumstances.


                                                   (a) Revenue recognition
                                                        The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                        standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                        element provided within the bundled contracts. The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement
                                                        in relation to estimating the fair value of undelivered element.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                        The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                        annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
                                                        each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
                                                        estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
                                                        economic utilization and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
                                                        time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
                                                        the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
                                                        Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                        unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                        trends and rapid advancement in technology.




104
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  (b) Useful lives of fixed assets (continued)
     During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Group performed a review to reassess the useful lives of certain
     property, plant and equipment of the Group, based on the expectations of the Group’s operational
     management trends. The reassessment resulted in changes in the estimated useful lives of these assets. The
     Group considered this to be a change in accounting estimate and therefore accounted for the change on
     a prospective basis. As a result of this change in accounting estimate, the Group’s profit attributable to the
     equity holders of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2023 increased by $81 million and the equity
     attributable to the equity holders of the Company as at 30 June 2023 increased by $81 million.


  (c) Impairment of fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     The Group performs impairment assessment on fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     when there is any impairment indicator. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use
     calculations or market valuations. These calculations require judgements and estimates.

     Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
     (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
     be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
     projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
     selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
     the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
     financial condition and results of operations.


  (d) Current and deferred income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
     determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
     were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
     in the period in which such determination is made.


  (e) Expected credit loss (“ECL”) for financial assets at amortized cost
     The measurement of the ECL for financial assets at amortized cost is an area that requires significant
     assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour.

     Significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL. The
     Group assessed whether the credit risk of the financial assets at amortized cost increased significantly since
     their initial recognition, and applied a three-stage impairment model approach to calculate the ECL. For
     financial assets at amortized cost that are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed the ECL using
     a model that incorporated relevant assumptions, including Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
     Default (“LGD”). For financial assets at amortized cost classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL
     using a discounted cashflow model with probability weightings given to different probable scenarios. The
     assumptions also consider forward-looking estimates by referencing to macro-economic factors.

     Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in note 4.




                                                                                                                        105
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management
                                                   This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
                                                   financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
                                                   context.

                                                   Risk                                    Exposure arising from                             Measurement

                                                   Market risk – foreign exchange          Future commercial transactions                    Cash flow forecasting
                                                                                           Recognized financial assets and liabilities not   Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                             denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
                                                   Market risk – interest rate             Long-term borrowings at variable rates            Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Market risk – security prices           Investments in equity securities                  Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Credit risk                             Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,     Ageing analysis
                                                                                             financial assets at amortized cost, other       Credit ratings
                                                                                             receivables and contract assets
                                                   Liquidity risk                          Borrowings and other liabilities                  Projected cash flow analysis

                                                   The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimize
                                                   the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
                                                   financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                          (i)   Market risk
                                                                The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                                There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                                Foreign exchange risk
                                                                Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities
                                                                denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                                with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will
                                                                impact the Group’s operating results.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                                currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            Exposure
            The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk of US dollar at the end of the reporting period,
            expressed in Hong Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                           $000               $000

            Financial assets at amortized cost                                         169,581             391,756
            Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income             7,291               16,194
            Trade receivables                                                           45,492               55,722
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                  203,467                2,954
            Bank and other borrowings                                                        –          (1,444,812)
            Trade payables                                                             (80,139)             (76,227)
            Other payables and accruals                                                 (3,804)             (35,091)


                                                                                       341,888          (1,089,504)

            Sensitivity
            As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange rates.
            The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from the United States
            dollar denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                         $000             $000

            US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                           3,419            (10,895)
            US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                          (3,419)            10,895

            *    Holding all other variables constant

            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank and other




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
            borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk which is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings
            and financial assets at amortized cost issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate
            risk.




                                                                                                                        107
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)
                                                              The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as
                                                              follows:

                                                                                                           2023     % of total              2022          % of total
                                                                                                           $000    borrowings               $000         borrowings

                                                              Variable rate borrowings                    66,000        100%              66,000                4%
                                                              Fixed rate borrowings                            –           –           1,444,812               96%


                                                                                                          66,000        100%           1,510,812              100%

                                                              An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
                                                              the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
                                                              borrowings.

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
                                                              on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                                                                     Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                              Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                              10,833             20,680
                                                              Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                             (10,833)           (20,680)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant

                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial
                                                              asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset
                                                              value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
                                                              manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
                                                              that may affect the value of the investment.

                                                              At 30 June 2023, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                              income had increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment
                                                              revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by approximately $729,000 (2022:
                                                              $1,619,000) respectively.




108
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk
          Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried
          at amortized cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
          customers, including outstanding receivables.

          Risk management
          The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
          ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the
          treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
          financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortized cost in accordance with the mandates as
          approved by the Board of Directors.

          The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
          Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
          does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

          Impairment
          The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

          •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
               of multiple-element arrangements;

          •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements;

          •    other receivables and deposits; and

          •    financial assets at amortized cost.

          While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
          identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
          measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
          and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. Details are set out in note 25.

          The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
          considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
          these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2023 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
          for these contract assets during the year.

          Other receivables and deposits are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity
          to meet their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model
          resulted in an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.




                                                                                                                         109
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            Expected credit loss allowance has been provided for financial assets at amortized cost. The
                                                            measurement of ECL on financial assets at amortized cost reflects:

                                                            •    an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
                                                                 possible outcomes;

                                                            •    the time value of money; and

                                                            •    reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                                                                 reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.

                                                            The Group adopts a “three-stage” model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since
                                                            initial recognition, to estimate the expected credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost. The key
                                                            definition of the three stages is summarised below:

                                                            Stage 1: For financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial recognition or
                                                            that have low credit risk at the reporting date, the expected credit losses are recognized at an amount
                                                            equal to the portions of lifetime expected credit losses that result from default events possible within
                                                            the next 12 months;

                                                            Stage 2: For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
                                                            but there is no objective evidence of impairment, lifetime expected credit losses are recognized and
                                                            interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the asset;

                                                            Stage 3: For financial instruments in default at the end of the reporting period, lifetime expected
                                                            credit losses are recognized and interest income is calculated on the net carrying amount of the asset,
                                                            i.e. gross carrying amount less ECL allowance.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)
                                                            The Group assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                                                            initial recognition on an ongoing basis. The Group sufficiently considers reasonable and supportable
                                                            information, including forward-looking information, which reflects the significant increase in credit
                                                            risk. The major factors considered include regulatory and business environment, external credit rating,
                                                            repayment ability, operation capacity, repayment behaviours, market price etc.




110
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          Definition of default (Stage 3)
          The Group determines that a financial instrument is credit impaired and in stage 3 by considering
          relevant objective evidence, primarily whether:

          •    contractual payments of either principal or interest are past due for more than 90 days;

          •    there are other indications that the borrower is unlikely to pay, such as when a concession has
               been granted to the borrower for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
               condition; and

          •    there is a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event

          Maximum exposure and year-end staging
          The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
          Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was
          available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 30 June. For financial
          assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored them by using external credit ratings and the
          amounts presented below are gross carrying amount.

                                             12-month
                                                  ECLs               Lifetime ECLs
                                               Stage 1             Stage 2         Stage 3                  Total
                                                  $000                $000            $000                  $000

          At 30 June 2023
          Financial assets at amortized
             cost                              104,033              40,351           257,454              401,838


          At 30 June 2022
          Financial assets at amortized
             cost                              104,267            212,290            106,199              422,756




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                     111
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            During the year, the following loss allowances were recognized in consolidated profit and loss account
                                                            in relation to the Group’s financial assets measured at amortized costs.

                                                                                               12-month
                                                                                                    ECLs              Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                 Stage 1            Stage 2         Stage 3                 Total
                                                                                                    $000               $000            $000                 $000

                                                            At 1 July 2022                             86              3,412            27,502             31,000
                                                            Reclassifications                           –             (2,495)            2,495                  –
                                                            Increase/(decrease) in loss
                                                              allowance recognised in
                                                              consolidated profit and
                                                              loss during the year                    (86)              (917)          202,260           201,257


                                                            At 30 June 2023                              –                 –           232,257           232,257

                                                            For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
                                                            based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime
                                                            expected credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent
                                                            available financial information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at
                                                            amortized cost under Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected
                                                            value as a whole.

                                                            After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
                                                            weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




112
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
          amortized cost under stage 3:

                                                                          Changes
                                                                             in ECL
                                                                       recorded in
                                                                         profit and
                                                                       loss for the     ECL balance
                                                                       year ended              as at                   Scenario     Payment
          Issuer     Maturity dates      Coupon rate Credit rating    30 June 2023     30 June 2023 Scenario         probability    terms
                                                  % 30 June 2023                 $M             $M                            %

          Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –     6.5%–7.5% Caa2                       71.8           99.3 – Restructuring   2.5%–60%       7
                       9 June 2024                                                                 – Straight sale
                                                                                                   – Liquidation
          Issuer 2   28 March 2024 –     6.45%–6.55% Ca                        81.7           82.5 – Restructuring   2.5%–60%       5
                       7 November 2024                                                             – Straight sale
                                                                                                   – Liquidation
          Issuer 3   1 September 2023          7.88% WR                        48.7           50.5 – Restructuring   2.5%–60%       2–7
                                                                                                   – Straight sale
                                                                                                   – Liquidation


                                                                             202.2           232.3

                                                                           Changes
                                                                              in ECL
                                                                        recorded in
                                                                          profit and
                                                                        loss for the    ECL balance
                                                                        year ended             as at                    Scenario    Payment
          Issuer     Maturity dates       Coupon rate Credit rating   30 June 2022     30 June 2022 Scenario          probability   terms
                                                   % 30 June 2022                $M             $M                            %

          Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –     6.5%–7.5% Caa2                       27.5           27.5 – Restructuring     5%–60%       1–5
                       9 June 2024                                                                 – Straight sale




                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
                                                                                                   – Liquidation

          For other financial assets at amortized cost under stage 1 and stage 2, the coupon rates are ranging
          from 4.5% to 6.7% (30 June 2022: 4.5% to 7.9%), with maturity dates ranging from 24 August
          2024 to 18 August 2025 and credit rating ranging from Ba1 to B1 (30 June 2022: from Baa2 to B3).




                                                                                                                                              113
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (iii) Liquidity risk
                                                            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
                                                            from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

                                                            The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
                                                            cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
                                                            funding requirements could be met.

                                                            The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
                                                            meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.

                                                            The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
                                                            their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

                                                            The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
                                                            12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                            Contractual maturities of                1 year    1 year to   2 years to       Over    contractual    Carrying
                                                            financial liabilities                    or less     2 years      5 years     5 years    cash flows     amount
                                                                                                      $000         $000         $000        $000           $000        $000

                                                            At 30 June 2023
                                                            Trade payables                          317,302           –            –           –       317,302      317,302
                                                            Other payables and accruals             510,279           –            –           –       510,279      510,279
                                                            Bank and other borrowings
                                                              (include interest payable)              4,465       4,382       17,427       60,411       86,685        66,038
                                                            Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    224,999     230,493      725,809    2,081,966    3,263,267     2,801,140
                                                            Lease liabilities                       540,884     199,479       57,834          931      799,128       786,994




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            Total                                  1,597,929    434,354      801,070    2,143,308    4,976,661     4,481,753


                                                            At 30 June 2022
                                                            Trade payables                          239,453           –            –           –       239,453      239,453
                                                            Other payables and accruals             588,516           –            –           –       588,516      588,516
                                                            Bank and other borrowings
                                                              (include interest payable)           1,503,274      3,980       15,746       61,659    1,584,659     1,523,711
                                                            Spectrum utilization fee liabilities     219,636    224,999      708,504    2,329,764    3,482,903     2,952,035
                                                            Lease liabilities                        583,644    276,256       55,606        1,183      916,689       904,821


                                                            Total                                  3,134,523    505,235      779,856    2,392,606    6,812,220     6,208,536




114
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (b) Capital management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

      •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

      •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders, comprising share
      capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
      optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
      Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

      The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
      total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance
      sheet less cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and financial assets at amortized cost.

      Since the Group is in a net cash position, gearing ratio is not applicable.


   (c) Fair value estimation
      This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
      instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
      indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
      financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
      each level follows underneath the table.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                      115
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured and recognized at fair value at
                                                        30 June 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                      Level 1                Level 2         Level 3               Total
                                                                                                        $000                   $000            $000                $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value
                                                           through other comprehensive
                                                           income (note 22)

                                                        At 30 June 2023                                      –                7,291                 –              7,291


                                                        At 30 June 2022                                      –               16,194                 –            16,194

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
                                                        no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


                                               5 Segment reporting
                                                   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
                                                   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
                                                   resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

                                                   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
                                                   the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
                                                   tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




116
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


   (a) Segment results
                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2023
                                              Hong Kong              Macau       Elimination        Consolidated
                                                   $000                $000            $000                 $000

        External revenue                       6,507,686            255,198                  –         6,762,884
        Inter-segment revenue                    210,970              3,557           (214,527)                –


        Total revenue                          6,718,656            258,755           (214,527)        6,762,884


        Timing of revenue recognition
          At a point in time                   2,213,328            213,243           (209,861)        2,216,710
          Over time                            4,505,328             45,512             (4,666)        4,546,174


                                               6,718,656            258,755           (214,527)        6,762,884


        EBITDA                                 2,478,296            (16,180)                 –         2,462,116
        Depreciation, amortization and
          loss on disposal                     (1,749,613)          (10,069)                 –        (1,759,682)


        Operating profit/(loss)                  728,683            (26,249)                 –          702,434


        Expected credit loss on financial
           assets at amortized cost                                                                     (201,257)
        Finance income                                                                                    84,899
        Finance costs                                                                                   (132,693)


        Profit before income tax                                                                        453,383


        Other information
        Additions to fixed assets                727,624              1,304                  –          728,928
        Depreciation of fixed assets             528,421              3,799                  –          532,220
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets      654,614              5,889                  –          660,503




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
        Amortization of intangible assets        473,333                  –                  –          473,333
        Amortization of customer
          acquisition costs                        87,014               319                  –            87,333
        Loss on disposal of fixed assets            6,231                62                  –             6,293
        Impairment loss of trade
          receivables                               2,670               284                  –             2,954
        Impairment loss/(reversal of
          impairment loss) of inventories             457                (81)                –              376



                                                                                                                    117
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                                            For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                              Hong Kong              Macau        Elimination    Consolidated
                                                                                                   $000               $000              $000            $000

                                                        External revenue                      6,453,157           504,128                  –       6,957,285
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                   438,718             5,590           (444,308)              –


                                                        Total revenue                         6,891,875           509,718           (444,308)      6,957,285


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time                  2,453,371           452,175           (436,858)      2,468,688
                                                          Over time                           4,438,504            57,543             (7,450)      4,488,597


                                                                                              6,891,875           509,718           (444,308)      6,957,285


                                                        EBITDA                                2,570,822              4,507                 –       2,575,329
                                                        Depreciation, amortization and
                                                          loss on disposal                    (1,823,970)           (7,737)                –      (1,831,707)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                 746,852             (3,230)                –         743,622


                                                        Expected credit loss on financial
                                                           assets at amortized cost                                                                  (31,000)
                                                        Finance income                                                                                32,635
                                                        Finance costs                                                                               (145,440)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                     599,817




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Other information
                                                        Additions to fixed assets               704,897              3,546                 –         708,443
                                                        Additions to intangible assets        2,217,034                  –                 –       2,217,034
                                                        Depreciation of fixed assets            636,090              3,255                 –         639,345
                                                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets     665,087              3,827                 –         668,914
                                                        Amortization of intangible assets       431,828                  –                 –         431,828
                                                        Amortization of customer
                                                          acquisition costs                      79,733               640                  –          80,373
                                                        Loss on disposal of fixed assets         11,232                15                  –          11,247
                                                        Impairment loss of trade
                                                          receivables                               608               676                  –           1,284
                                                        (Reversal of)/impairment loss of
                                                          inventories                             (5,112)                9                 –           (5,103)

                                                        Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by the relevant parties
                                                        and are eliminated on consolidation.

118
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                           At 30 June 2023
                                                 Hong Kong                 Macau      Unallocated          Consolidated
                                                      $000                  $000             $000                  $000

        Segment assets                            10,255,416             100,656             542,871             10,898,943


        Segment liabilities                       (4,955,384)           (104,795)           (754,277)            (5,814,456)

                                                                           At 30 June 2022
                                                  Hong Kong                Macau        Unallocated         Consolidated
                                                       $000                 $000              $000                 $000

        Segment assets                            11,710,180             107,735             763,217             12,581,132


        Segment liabilities                        (6,645,946)           (107,277)          (674,125)            (7,427,348)

        The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value through other
        comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets located in Hong
        Kong is $8,258,391,000 (2022: $8,739,930,000), and the total of these non-current assets located in
        Macau is $76,457,000 (2022: $79,159,000).

        Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificates, interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value
        through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets.

        Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax liabilities.


6 Staff costs
                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                                 $000                 $000

   Wages and salaries                                                                        651,130               584,475
   Bonuses                                                                                    37,610                29,000
   Contributions to defined contribution plans                                                40,051                36,258
   Share-based payments                                                                        2,094                 2,284




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
                                                                                             730,885               652,017




                                                                                                                               119
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               7 Finance income
                                                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                                                       $000              $000

                                                   Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                           19,335            22,720
                                                   Interest income from bank deposits                                                65,564             9,737
                                                   Accretion income                                                                       –               178


                                                                                                                                     84,899            32,635

                                                   Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
                                                   effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the year.


                                               8 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                                    Notes              $000              $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                     45,858            62,220
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                           33              68,741            57,809
                                                      Lease liabilities                                              31              15,743            13,934
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                   34                 803               502
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities                         13               1,548            10,975


                                                                                                                                    132,693           145,440

                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
                                                   retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
                                                   allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




120
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                 Notes                   $000                  $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                                  533,434               532,371
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                                 28,748                38,761
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables                                         25                  2,954                 1,284
    – Auditor’s remuneration
       – Audit services                                                                                2,559                  2,553
       – Non-audit services                                                                              815                    864
    – Net exchange (gain)/loss                                                     13                   (664)                 1,844
    – Others                                                                                         410,383               379,785
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                                     6,293                11,247
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                     16                532,220               639,345
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              19                660,503               668,914
  Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                         24                473,333               431,828
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                       17                 87,333                80,373
  Impairment loss/(reversal of impairment loss) of inventories                     27                    376                 (5,103)
  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost (Note)                                  201,257                31,000

  Note: Expected credit loss was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost, details of
        which are set out in “Credit risk” section in note 4(a)(ii) of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                          121
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Income tax expense
                                                   This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
                                                   assessable and non-deductible items.


                                                   (a) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                      $000              $000

                                                        Current income tax
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                    161,764           173,208
                                                          Non-Hong Kong tax                                                          1,619             2,292
                                                        Over-provision in prior years
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                      (6,139)           (1,403)
                                                          Non-Hong Kong tax                                                               –              (337)


                                                        Total current income tax expense                                           157,244           173,760

                                                        Deferred income tax expense                                                  27,293            3,131


                                                        Income tax expense                                                         184,537           176,891


                                                   (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax
                                                       payable
                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                      $000              $000

                                                        Profit before income tax                                                   453,383           599,817


                                                        Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%)                         74,808           98,970




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating
                                                          taxable income:
                                                          Anti-epidemic fund                                                           (144)             (290)
                                                          Interest income                                                           (12,321)          (3,617)
                                                          Net exchange loss                                                             254             1,786
                                                          Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                 33,208             5,115
                                                          Temporary differences/non-deductible expenses                              89,791           81,478
                                                        Difference in non-Hong Kong tax rates                                         1,682             1,039
                                                        Over-provision in prior years                                                (6,139)           (1,740)
                                                        Tax loss not recognized                                                       3,398               899
                                                        Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 –            (4,128)
                                                        Utilization of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 –            (2,621)


                                                        Income tax expense                                                         184,537           176,891




122
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




11 Five highest paid individuals
  Of the five highest paid individuals, two (2022: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 41.
  The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2022: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                         $000               $000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              8,572              7,419
  Bonuses                                                                                  650              1,507
  Retirement scheme contributions                                                          384                554
  Share-based payments                                                                       9                124


                                                                                         9,615              9,604

  The emoluments of the three (2022: three) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                   Number of           Number of
                                                                                   Individuals         Individuals

  $2,500,001 – $3,000,000                                                                    1                  1
  $3,000,001 – $3,500,000                                                                    2                  1
  $3,500,001 – $4,000,000                                                                    –                  1


                                                                                             3                  3


12 Employee retirement benefits
  The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
  (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets
  of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s
  management.

  Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
  of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
  contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
  at 30 June 2023, all available forfeited contributions had been utilized by the Group to reduce its contributions
  payable (2022: same).

  The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
  December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
  employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
  subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2022: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
  immediately.




                                                                                                                      123
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               13 Net exchange loss
                                                   The exchange differences charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                                                          $000               $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net (note 9)                                                  (664)            1,844
                                                   Finance costs (note 8)                                                                 1,548            10,975


                                                                                                                                            884            12,819


                                               14 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                                                             excluding shares held for share award scheme (note 36).

                                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                                         Cents              Cents

                                                        Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                    24.3              38.2


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                                         Cents              Cents

                                                        Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  24.3              38.2




124
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                            $000             $000

        Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating basic
          earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                               268,846         423,170


   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                         Number           Number

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator
          in calculating basic earnings per share (less shares held for share
          award scheme)                                                       1,105,815,931         1,108,810,921
        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
          Effect of awarded shares                                                  106,610               126,555


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential ordinary
         shares used as the denominator in calculating diluted earnings per
         share                                                                      1,105,922,541   1,108,937,476


15 Dividends
                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                            $000             $000

   Interim dividend, paid, of 14.5 cents (2022: 14.5 cents) per fully paid share          160,437         160,650
   Final dividend, proposed, of 17.5 cents (2022: 15.5 cents) per fully paid
      share                                                                               193,631         171,325


                                                                                          354,068         331,975

   At a meeting held on 1 September 2023, the directors proposed a final dividend of 17.5 cents per fully paid
   share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be
   reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2024.

   The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
   financial statements.




                                                                                                                       125
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                              Computer,
                                                                                                                                   billing
                                                                                                                  Network      and office                        Network
                                                                                     Leasehold                  and testing    telephone            Other           under
                                                                                  improvements     Buildings    equipment     equipment       fixed assets    construction          Total
                                                                                          $000         $000           $000          $000             $000            $000           $000

                                                   At 1 July 2021
                                                   Cost                               258,013      157,019      8,482,340     1,152,696          134,762         171,325      10,356,155
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     impairment                       (244,114)     (39,687)    (6,316,728)    (974,562)         (94,364)          (6,838)    (7,676,293)

                                                   Net book amount                     13,899      117,332      2,165,612       178,134           40,398         164,487       2,679,862

                                                   Year ended 30 June 2022
                                                   Opening net book amount             13,899      117,332      2,165,612       178,134           40,398          164,487      2,679,862
                                                   Exchange differences                     (53)         (88)            –             (40)             (5)              –           (186)
                                                   Additions                             3,883             –         2,306        66,221          75,625          560,408        708,443
                                                   Reclassifications                          –            –      539,099                –               –       (539,099)              –
                                                   Disposals                                  –            –        (8,922)        (1,478)         (1,129)          (1,033)       (12,562)
                                                   Depreciation (note 9)                (6,726)      (4,358)     (534,752)       (73,185)        (20,324)                –      (639,345)

                                                   Closing net book amount             11,003      112,886      2,163,343       169,652           94,565         184,763       2,736,212

                                                   At 30 June 2022
                                                   Cost                               251,883      156,839      8,904,325     1,171,647          201,756         189,133      10,875,583
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     impairment                       (240,880)     (43,953)    (6,740,982)   (1,001,995)       (107,191)          (4,370)    (8,139,371)

                                                   Net book amount                     11,003      112,886      2,163,343       169,652           94,565         184,763       2,736,212

                                                   Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                   Opening net book amount             11,003      112,886      2,163,343       169,652           94,565          184,763      2,736,212




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Exchange differences                  (161)        (253)             –          (282)             (62)               –           (758)
                                                   Additions                           12,612            –            956       107,817           92,860          514,683        728,928
                                                   Reclassifications                   (1,589)           –        553,310        14,937          (17,459)        (549,199)             –
                                                   Disposals                                –            –         (4,447)          (17)          (1,859)            (542)        (6,865)
                                                   Depreciation (note 9)               (5,182)      (4,840)      (419,765)      (59,486)         (42,947)               –       (532,220)

                                                   Closing net book amount             16,683      107,793      2,293,397       232,621          125,098         149,705       2,925,297

                                                   At 30 June 2023
                                                   Cost                               253,433      156,289      9,236,096     1,268,603          272,005         154,075      11,340,501
                                                   Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     impairment                      (236,750)      (48,496)    (6,942,699)   (1,035,982)       (146,907)          (4,370)    (8,415,204)

                                                   Net book amount                     16,683      107,793      2,293,397       232,621          125,098         149,705       2,925,297

                                                   At 30 June 2023, buildings with a carrying amount of $65,429,000 (2022: $67,867,000) were pledged as
                                                   security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 32).


126
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Customer acquisition costs
                                                            $000

  At 1 July 2021
  Cost                                                   169,802
  Accumulated amortization                                (92,928)


  Net book amount                                         76,874


  Year ended 30 June 2022
  Opening net book amount                                 76,874
  Additions                                               91,107
  Amortization (note 9)                                  (80,373)


  Closing net book amount                                 87,608


  At 30 June 2022
  Cost                                                   179,157
  Accumulated amortization                                (91,549)


  Net book amount                                         87,608


  Year ended 30 June 2023
  Opening net book amount                                 87,608
  Additions                                              101,427
  Amortization (note 9)                                  (87,333)


  Closing net book amount                                101,702


  At 30 June 2023
  Cost                                                   280,584
  Accumulated amortization                              (178,882)


  Net book amount                                        101,702




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                     127
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               18 Contract assets
                                                                                            2023                                            2022
                                                                                 Current Non-current              Total        Current   Non-current             Total
                                                                                   $000        $000               $000           $000          $000              $000

                                                   Contract assets                93,287         32,241        125,528         88,312         42,747           131,059

                                                   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
                                                   customers.


                                               19 Right-of-use assets
                                                   The Group leases various transmission sites, offices, warehouses, retail stores and leased lines. Rental contracts
                                                   are typically made for fixed periods of one to fifteen years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
                                                   and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
                                                   other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
                                                   security for borrowing purposes.

                                                   The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                                                             $000                $000

                                                   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                      7,177                 8,413
                                                   Transmission sites                                                                    615,042               752,312
                                                   Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 132,001               144,158
                                                   Leased lines                                                                           10,653                12,752


                                                                                                                                         764,873               917,635

                                                   Additions to the right-of-use assets with the corresponding increase in lease liabilities and assets retirement
                                                   obligations during the year ended 30 June 2023 were $521,210,000 (2022: $667,143,000) and $2,821,000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (2022: $15,036,000) respectively.

                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account is as follows:

                                                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                                                             $000                $000

                                                   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        629                   676
                                                   Transmission sites                                                                    553,363               561,044
                                                   Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 104,412               104,896
                                                   Leased lines                                                                            2,099                 2,298


                                                                                                                                         660,503               668,914




128
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2023 are as follows:

                          Place of             Principal activities and                    Particulars of
  Name                    incorporation        place of operation                          issued share capital          Group equity interest
                                                                                                                            2023           2022

  SmarTone (BVI)          The British Virgin   Investment holding in BVI                   1,000 ordinary shares of        100%          100%
    Limited*                 Islands (“BVI”)                                                  US$1 each
                                                                                           US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile         Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares     100%          100%
    Communications                                handsets and accessories in Hong Kong    $100,000,000
    Limited

  SmarTone                Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares                100%         100%
    Communications                                Hong Kong                                $2
    Limited

  SmarTone Finance        BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in             1 ordinary share of US$1         100%         100%
    Limited                                        Hong Kong                                  each
                                                                                           US$1

  Birdie Mobile Limited   Hong Kong            Provision of local and international        2 ordinary shares                100%         100%
                                                  telecommunications services and mobile   $2
                                                  services and sales of accessories in
                                                  Hong Kong

  SmarTone-               Macau                Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares of MOP100         100%          72%
    Comunicações                                  handsets and accessories in Macau           each
    Móveis, S.A.                                                                           MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務               The People’s         Provision of customer support services      Registered capital of           100%          100%
   有限公司#                     Republic of          and telemarketing services in Mainland      $27,400,000
                             China                China

  *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.
  #
         Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.

  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.




                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                                  129
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               21 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                $000               $000

                                                   Share of net assets                                                                              3                  3

                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2023, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2022:
                                                   same).

                                                   Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2023 are as follows:

                                                                      Place of          Principal activities and           Particulars of
                                                   Name               incorporation     place of operation                 issued shares held            Interest held
                                                                                                                                                         2023        2022

                                                   New Top Finance    BVI               Investment holding in BVI          375 ordinary shares of       37.5%     37.5%
                                                     Limited                                                                 US$1 each

                                                   The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                   immaterial to the Group.

                                                   There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                               22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                  income
                                                   (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
                                                       comprehensive income
                                                        Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise:

                                                        •    Equity investments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                             at initial recognition to recognize in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group
                                                             considers this classification to be more relevant.


                                                   (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                       income
                                                                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                $000               $000

                                                        Non-current asset
                                                        Unlisted security                                                                       7,291            16,194

                                                        On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the fair value through other comprehensive
                                                        income reserve will be reclassified to retained earnings.




130
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (continued)
  (c) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
       During the year, the following loss was recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                                $000           $000

       Loss recognized in other comprehensive income                                           (8,903)         (561)


  (d) Fair value and risk exposure
       The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
       dollars.

       The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
       asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

       Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

       For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).


23 Financial assets at amortized cost
  Financial assets at amortized cost include the following:

                                            2023                                                 2022
                                 Current Non-current                 Total         Current    Non-current      Total
                                   $000        $000                  $000            $000           $000       $000

  Listed investments             223,504         178,334          401,838           65,053       357,703    422,756
  Less: expected credit
          loss allowance        (201,755)         (30,502)       (232,257)         (10,270)      (20,730)   (31,000)


                                   21,749        147,832          169,581           54,783       336,973    391,756

  The fair values of the financial assets at amortized cost are based on quoted market prices.

                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                                $000




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
                                                                                                               $000

  Fair values of financial assets at amortized cost                                           145,922       222,036

  The financial assets at amortized cost are denominated in US dollars and the investments will be held to maturity.




                                                                                                                        131
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               24 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                 Spectrum
                                                                                                                                            utilization fee
                                                                                                                                                      $000

                                                   At 1 July 2021
                                                   Cost                                                                                        4,956,837
                                                   Accumulated amortization                                                                   (1,837,301)


                                                   Net book amount                                                                             3,119,536


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2022
                                                   Opening net book amount                                                                     3,119,536
                                                   Additions                                                                                   2,217,034
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                                                                        (431,828)


                                                   Closing net book amount                                                                     4,904,742


                                                   At 30 June 2022
                                                   Cost                                                                                        6,986,541
                                                   Accumulated amortization                                                                   (2,081,799)


                                                   Net book amount                                                                             4,904,742


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                   Opening net book amount                                                                     4,904,742
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                                                                        (473,333)


                                                   Closing net book amount                                                                     4,431,409




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   At 30 June 2023
                                                   Cost                                                                                        6,986,541
                                                   Accumulated amortization                                                                   (2,555,132)


                                                   Net book amount                                                                             4,431,409

                                                   The Group extended the spectrum utilization period of the 1800 MHz band to 29 September 2036 during the
                                                   year ended 30 June 2023.




132
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Trade and other receivables
                                          2023                                             2022
                               Current Non-current              Total        Current    Non-current           Total
                                 $000        $000               $000           $000           $000            $000

  Trade receivables            357,629                –      357,629        350,627                –      350,627
  Less: loss allowance          (6,290)               –       (6,290)        (6,818)               –       (6,818)


                               351,339                –      351,339        343,809                –      343,809
  Other receivables             62,565                –       62,565         82,402                –       82,402


                               413,904               –       413,904        426,211               –       426,211
  Deposits                      93,569          61,065       154,634         78,949          60,914       139,863
  Prepayments                  158,979          18,261       177,240        164,802          69,231       234,033


  Total trade and other
    receivables                666,452          79,326       745,778        669,962        130,145        800,107

  The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
  receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice (2022: same). An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
  follows:

                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                           $000               $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    280,536           269,957
  31 – 60 days                                                                           16,490            19,284
  61 – 90 days                                                                            7,005             6,902
  Over 90 days                                                                           47,308            47,666


                                                                                        351,339           343,809

  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
  customers.

  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
  expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $2,954,000 (2022:
  $1,284,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                        133
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
                                                   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                               6,818             8,459
                                                   Impairment loss recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account
                                                     (note 9)                                                                              2,954            1,284
                                                   Amounts written off during the year                                                    (3,482)          (2,925)


                                                   At end of the year                                                                     6,290             6,818

                                                   At 30 June 2023, trade receivables of $6,290,000 (2022: $6,818,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
                                                   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
                                                   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                   Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                    498               432
                                                   Past due 61 – 90 days                                                                    501               899
                                                   Past due over 90 days                                                                  5,291             5,487


                                                                                                                                          6,290             6,818

                                                   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




134
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




26 Deferred income tax
  Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and non-Hong
  Kong is calculated at 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
  respectively.

  The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
  offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


  (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                Decelerated
                                           Mobile license       depreciation
                                              fee assets          allowance         Tax losses             Total
                                                    $000               $000              $000              $000

       At 1 July 2021                                895              2,327             3,258             6,480
       Recognized in the consolidated
         profit and loss account                     (895)           (2,245)            4,128               988


       At 30 June 2022                                  –                82             7,386             7,468


       At 1 July 2022                                   –                82             7,386             7,468
       Recognized in the consolidated
         profit and loss account                        –                (8)           (1,013)           (1,021)


       At 30 June 2023                                  –                74             6,373             6,447


  (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                                     Accelerated
                                                                                                    depreciation
                                                                                                      allowance
                                                                                                           $000

       At 1 July 2021                                                                                   112,688
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                             4,119


       At 30 June 2022                                                                                  116,807




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
       At 1 July 2022                                                                                   116,807
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                            26,272


       At 30 June 2023                                                                                  143,079




                                                                                                                     135
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               26 Deferred income tax (continued)
                                                   (c) Tax losses

                                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized         163,267            146,249


                                                        Potential tax benefit                                                           20,386            18,326

                                                        The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits
                                                        in the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
                                                        indefinitely and have no expiry date. For the subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an
                                                        expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.

                                                        Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realization of
                                                        the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognized deferred
                                                        income tax assets of $20,386,000 (2022: $18,326,000) in respect of tax losses of $163,267,000 (2022:
                                                        $146,249,000). Under the current tax legislation, unrecognized tax losses of $145,612,000 (2022:
                                                        $128,991,000) related to the subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three
                                                        years from the year in which the tax loss arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax
                                                        legislation.


                                               27 Inventories
                                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                                          $000              $000

                                                   Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                    87,155            82,648
                                                   Others, at cost                                                                      23,701            22,036
                                                   Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                             (4,523)            (4,648)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                      106,333            100,036

                                                   The Group recognized impairment loss of $376,000 (2022: reversal of impairment loss of $5,103,000) for slow-
                                                   moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2023. The amount has been included in “cost of
                                                   inventories sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.




136
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Cash at bank and in hand                                                            50,833             44,024
  Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,104,319            341,443


  Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   1,155,152           385,467
  Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more than 3 months                     –         1,755,049


                                                                                   1,155,152         2,140,516


  Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  1,153,468         2,138,767

  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
  number of banks.

  Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                        $000              $000

  Hong Kong dollars                                                                  945,364         2,132,028
  US dollars                                                                         203,467             2,954
  Renminbi                                                                             4,251             3,046
  Others                                                                               2,070             2,488


                                                                                   1,155,152         2,140,516




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                    137
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                       $000          $000

                                                   Trade payables (a)                                                                317,302      239,453
                                                   Other payables and accruals (b)                                                   660,926      723,543


                                                                                                                                     978,228      962,996

                                                   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                       $000          $000

                                                         Current to 30 days                                                          193,061      141,516
                                                         31 – 60 days                                                                 59,838       42,727
                                                         61 – 90 days                                                                 26,589       12,250
                                                         Over 90 days                                                                 37,814       42,960


                                                                                                                                     317,302      239,453

                                                         The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
                                                         accounted for 73% (2022: 68%).

                                                   (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                       $000          $000

                                                         Accrued expenses                                                            343,115      423,543
                                                         Payables for fixed assets                                                   179,048      189,481




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         Receipt in advance                                                          111,422       85,917
                                                         Customer deposits                                                            27,341       24,602


                                                                                                                                     660,926      723,543

                                                   The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.




138
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




30 Contract liabilities
                                           2023                                            2022
                                Current Non-current              Total       Current    Non-current           Total
                                  $000        $000               $000          $000           $000            $000

   Contract liabilities
   – Mobile
      telecommunications
      service contracts         357,568          6,940        364,508        332,394         14,455       346,849

   Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
   balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $332 million, was recognized during the year ended 30 June
   2023 (2022: $304 million).


   (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts
                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                           $000               $000

        Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term
          contracts that are partially or fully satisfied                              4,014,621        2,593,505

        Management expects that 65% (2022: 68%) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as
        of 30 June 2023 will be recognized as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 35% (2022:
        32%) will be recognized as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                        139
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               31 Lease liabilities
                                                                                             2023                                           2022
                                                                                  Current Non-current           Total          Current   Non-current         Total
                                                                                    $000        $000            $000             $000          $000          $000

                                                   Lease liabilities             532,088          254,906    786,994          576,299        328,522      904,821

                                                   Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                                                                            $000             $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                               904,821          897,766
                                                   Additions                                                                              521,210          667,143
                                                   Payments for lease liabilities                                                        (654,588)        (673,946)
                                                   Accretion expenses included in the consolidated profit and loss account
                                                     (note 8)                                                                             15,743           13,934
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                     (192)              (76)


                                                   At end of the year                                                                    786,994          904,821


                                               32 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                             2023                                           2022
                                                                                  Current Non-current           Total          Current   Non-current         Total
                                                                                    $000        $000            $000             $000          $000          $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                     2,200          63,800     66,000                –         66,000       66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                          –              –           –           19,128               –      19,128




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)                  –              –           –        1,425,684               –   1,425,684


                                                   Total bank and other
                                                     borrowings                     2,200          63,800     66,000         1,444,812        66,000     1,510,812

                                                   (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                         US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
                                                         Hong Kong Limited. The notes were repaid during the year.




140
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




32 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
   The maturity of non-current bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                 2,200              2,200
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                10,837             10,885
   Over 5 years                                                                         50,763             52,915


                                                                                        63,800             66,000

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
   rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
   market price are as follows:

                                                   Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                     $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2023
   Secured bank borrowings                               –            63,800                  –            63,800

                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2022
   Secured bank borrowings                               –            66,000                  –            66,000

   At 30 June 2023, 100% (2022: 4%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong
   dollars.

   At 30 June 2023, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 16) (2022: same).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                       141
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               33 Spectrum utilization fee liabilities
                                                                                                                                       2023         2022
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   At beginning of the year                                                        2,952,035      929,874
                                                   Additions                                                                               –    2,217,034
                                                   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)       68,741       57,809
                                                   Payment                                                                          (219,636)    (252,682)


                                                   At end of the year                                                              2,801,140    2,952,035
                                                   Less: spectrum utilization fee liabilities included under current liabilities    (222,922)    (217,609)


                                                   Non-current portion                                                             2,578,218    2,734,426

                                                   Analysis of the present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities:

                                                                                                                                       2023         2022
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   Minimum annual fees payable
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   224,999      219,636
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 956,302      933,503
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  2,081,966    2,329,764


                                                                                                                                   3,263,267    3,482,903
                                                   Less: future finance charges                                                     (462,127)    (530,868)


                                                   Present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities                           2,801,140    2,952,035


                                                   Comprising:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   222,922      217,609
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 891,689      870,436
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  1,686,529    1,863,990


                                                                                                                                   2,801,140    2,952,035




142
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Asset retirement obligations
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                          $000             $000

  At beginning of the year                                                               75,710          67,374
  Additions                                                                               2,821          15,036
  Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)              803              502
  Utilizations                                                                             (509)          (7,202)
  Unused amount reversed                                                                (15,516)               –


  At end of the year                                                                     63,309          75,710

  The provision for assets retirement obligations represents the present value of the estimated future costs of
  dismantling and removing property, plant and equipment when they are no longer used and restoring the sites
  and stores on which they are located.

  The Group has been investing in the transmission and distribution network to supply mobile services to customers
  in Hong Kong and Macau. As the Group expects that transmission sites being used for the transmission and
  distribution network will continue to be used to supply mobile services to its customers, the Group currently
  considers it remote that the transmission and distribution network in railways and various tunnels would be
  removed from existing transmission sites. Therefore in accordance with applicable accounting standards, asset
  retirement obligations for these assets have not been recognized by the Group.


35 Share capital
                                                                                       Shares of
                                                                                      $0.1 each            $000

  Authorized
  At 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023                                                2,000,000,000         200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2021                                                                  1,110,988,601         111,099
  Repurchase of shares                                                               (5,196,500)           (520)


  At 30 June 2022 and 1 July 2022                                                 1,105,792,101         110,579
  Repurchase of shares                                                                 (527,500)            (53)
  Issue of new shares upon exercise of share options                                  1,200,000             120




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
  At 30 June 2023                                                                 1,106,464,601         110,646




                                                                                                                     143
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               35 Share capital (continued)
                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 359,500 shares on the SEHK.
                                                   The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $1,463,000 was deducted from equity attributable to
                                                   shareholders.

                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                  shares
                                                                                            repurchased             Price per share                 Aggregate
                                                   Month of repurchase                     and cancelled           Highest          Lowest           price paid
                                                                                                                                                          $000
                                                   September 2022                                151,000             $4.12             $4.12                622
                                                   October 2022                                  147,500             $4.13             $4.08                605
                                                   November 2022                                  61,000             $3.87             $3.84                236


                                                                                                 359,500                                                 1,463

                                                   During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled 5,196,500 shares on the SEHK.
                                                   The Company repurchased 168,000 shares in June 2022 to be cancelled after 30 June 2022. The total amount
                                                   paid to acquire the 5,196,500 cancelled shares and the 168,000 repurchased shares of $22,360,000 was
                                                   deducted from equity attributable to shareholders.

                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                             repurchased             Price per share                 Aggregate
                                                   Month of repurchase                      and cancelled           Highest            Lowest         price paid
                                                                                                                                                           $000
                                                   November 2021                               1,386,500             $4.32             $4.15              5,877
                                                   December 2021                                 862,500             $4.15             $4.10              3,558
                                                   February 2022                                  75,500             $4.40             $4.38                331
                                                   March 2022                                  2,008,500             $4.40             $3.99              8,419
                                                   May 2022                                      863,500             $4.06             $4.04              3,495
                                                   June 2022                                     168,000             $4.05             $4.03                680




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               5,364,500                                                22,360




144
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




36 Share award scheme and share option scheme
  (a) Share award scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
     may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
     terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
     the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

     (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                    2023              2022

           Number of awarded shares
           Outstanding at 1 July                                                 417,805         1,409,680
           Vested                                                               (388,085)         (789,570)
           Lapsed                                                                (29,720)         (202,305)


           Outstanding at 30 June                                                       –          417,805


     (ii) Shares held for share award scheme
                                                                               Number of
                                                                                  shares              $000

           Opening balance at 1 July 2021                                         20,422                 98
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                    820,000              3,563
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                             (789,570)            (3,435)


           Balance at 30 June 2022 and 1 July 2022                                50,852                226
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                    341,993              1,743
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                             (388,085)            (1,944)


           Balance at 30 June 2023                                                  4,760                25




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                145
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               36 Share award scheme and share option scheme (continued)
                                                   (b) Share option scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2021, the
                                                        Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
                                                        subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed
                                                        under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the share
                                                        options issued.

                                                        Movements in share options
                                                                                                                                    Average            Number
                                                                                                                               exercise price          of share
                                                                                                                                   per share           options

                                                        At 30 June 2022 and 1 July 2022                                                      –                –
                                                        Granted                                                                          $4.47        8,000,000
                                                        Exercised                                                                        $3.98       (1,200,000)
                                                        Lapsed                                                                           $3.98       (2,800,000)


                                                        At 30 June 2023                                                                  $4.96        4,000,000

                                                        At 30 June 2022, no share options were exercisable.

                                                        At 30 June 2023, 4,000,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per share.


                                               37 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                   Bank         Guaranteed                Lease
                                                                                              borrowings             notes            liabilities          Total
                                                                                                   $000              $000                 $000             $000

                                                   At 1 July 2021                                180,192         1,407,768            897,766         2,485,726




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                   (96,425)               –                  –           (96,425)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                       –                –            667,143           667,143
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                        –                –           (660,012)         (660,012)
                                                   Finance costs                                    1,361           17,916                  –            19,277
                                                   Exchange differences                                 –                –                (76)               (76)


                                                   At 30 June 2022 and 1 July 2022                 85,128         1,425,684           904,821         2,415,633
                                                   Redemption of notes payable                          –        (1,427,211)                –        (1,427,211)
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                   (19,228)                –                 –           (19,228)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                       –                 –           521,210           521,210
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                        –                 –          (638,845)         (638,845)
                                                   Finance costs                                      100             1,527                 –             1,627
                                                   Exchange differences                                 –                 –              (192)             (192)


                                                   At 30 June 2023                                 66,000                  –          786,994           852,994



146
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




38 Commitments and contingent liabilities
  (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Fixed assets
          Contracted for                                                               80,289            78,668


  (b) Contingent liabilities
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Performance guarantees                                                        622,500            751,383
       Financial guarantees                                                            3,883             10,387


                                                                                     626,383            761,770


39 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 68.98% of the Company’s shares as at 30
  June 2023. The remaining 31.02% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.90% is held by another subsidiary
  of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company
  incorporated in Hong Kong.


  (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
       SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
       accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.


                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                         $000              $000

       Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)                       22,987            22,956
       Depreciation and accretion expenses for land and buildings and
          transmission sites (i)                                                       99,829            96,303
       Insurance expense (ii)                                                           3,917             3,294
       Mobile coverage services (iii)                                                  12,118             7,522
       Enterprise solutions (iv)                                                       83,427            57,176




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                     147
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               39 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                   (a) (continued)
                                                        (i)   Leases of land and buildings and transmission sites
                                                              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
                                                              offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to the Group for the installation of
                                                              base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2023, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and associated
                                                              companies of SHKP totalled $22,987,000 (2022: $22,956,000).

                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2023, depreciation and accretion expenses of right-of-use assets and lease
                                                              liabilities totalled $99,829,000 (2022: $96,303,000).

                                                        (ii) Insurance services
                                                              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
                                                              insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2023, insurance premiums paid and
                                                              payable were $3,917,000 (2022: $3,294,000).

                                                        (iii) Mobile coverage services
                                                              The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries
                                                              and associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the
                                                              year ended 30 June 2023, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $12,118,000 (2022:
                                                              $7,522,000).

                                                        (iv) Enterprise solutions
                                                              The Group provides information and communication technology (“ICT”) solutions to certain
                                                              subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization,
                                                              connectivity and industry-specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2023, the revenue received or
                                                              receivable were $83,427,000 (2022 $57,176,000).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) At 30 June 2023, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
                                                        of SHKP.


                                                   (c) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                        (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                        sheet items:


                                                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                        Trade receivables (note 25)                                                       47,938             41,469
                                                        Other receivables (note 25)                                                          474                476
                                                        Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                22,724             21,892
                                                        Trade payables (note 29)                                                           1,929              1,390
                                                        Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              6,825              5,905

                                                        The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.
148
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                              $000             $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,403,816       8,406,600


  Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     312             305
  Prepayments                                                                   272             353
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              29,818          31,245
  Tax recoverable                                                               135               –


  Total current assets                                                       30,537          31,903


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             5,552,261       5,561,067
  Other payables and accruals                                                 2,477           3,093
  Current income tax liabilities                                                  –             195


  Total current liabilities                                               5,554,738       5,564,355


  Net assets                                                              2,879,615       2,874,148


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             110,646         110,579
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     2,768,969       2,763,569


  Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                2,879,615       2,874,148

  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2023 and was
  signed on its behalf.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23
  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona
  Director                                         Director




                                                                                                        149
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
                                                   Note (a): Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                          Company
                                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                                        Capital                 share-based
                                                                                            Share   redemption    Contributed compensation     Retained
                                                                                         premium        reserve       surplus        reserve     profits       Total
                                                                                            $000          $000           $000          $000       $000         $000

                                                   At 1 July 2021                       1,627,190       16,946       740,243          6,042    728,564     3,118,985
                                                   Comprehensive income
                                                   Profit for the year                         –             –              –             –        556          556
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Share-based payments                         –            –             –          2,284           –        2,284
                                                   Lapse of share award                         –            –             –           (976)        976            –
                                                   Vesting of share award                       –            –         3,435         (5,646)      2,211            –
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35)               –          520             –              –     (22,360)     (21,840)
                                                   Purchase of shares for share award
                                                     scheme                                     –            –         (3,563)            –           –       (3,563)
                                                   Payment of 2021 final dividend               –            –              –             –    (172,203)    (172,203)
                                                   Payment of 2022 interim dividend             –            –              –             –    (160,650)    (160,650)


                                                   At 30 June 2022 and 1 July 2022      1,627,190       17,466       740,115          1,704    377,094     2,763,569
                                                   Comprehensive income
                                                   Profit for the year                         –             –              –             –    333,569      333,569
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Issue of shares                         6,018             –             –         (1,366)          –        4,652
                                                   Share-based payments                        –             –             –          2,094           –        2,094
                                                   Lapse of share award                        –             –             –           (141)        141            –
                                                   Vesting of share award                      –             –         1,944         (2,044)        100            –
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35)              –            53             –              –      (1,463)      (1,410)
                                                   Purchase of shares for share award
                                                      scheme                                    –            –         (1,743)            –           –       (1,743)
                                                   Payment of 2022 final dividend               –            –              –             –    (171,325)    (171,325)
                                                   Payment of 2023 interim dividend             –            –              –             –    (160,437)    (160,437)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   At 30 June 2023                      1,633,208       17,519       740,316            247    377,679     2,768,969




150
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




41 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2023                                                2022
                                                                                                Estimated
                                                         Salaries             Retirement      money value
                                                             and                  scheme          of other   Retirement Share-based
                                             Fees    allowances     Bonuses contributions         benefits      benefits  payments     Total    Total
                                             $000           $000       $000          $000             $000         $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                  162              –          –            –                –            –            –      162      162
     Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona(1)               54          2,070          –          104                –            –          248    2,476        –
     Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman(2)                96          6,897      2,500          167               55            –        1,366   11,081    3,360
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                144          6,266      1,800          626              131            –            –    8,967    8,499

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              180              –          –             –                –           –            –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui                      162              –          –             –                –           –            –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince                  144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                  144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. John Anthony Miller                   48              –          –             –                –           –            –      48      144
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*              288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*                   288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*                  288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine*(3)     48              –          –             –                –           –            –      48      144
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*                144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel*                 144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Peter Kung*                          144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144       42


                                             2,478       15,233       4,300          897              186            –        1,614   24,708   14,133


     2022                                    2,508         9,201      1,500          689              182            –           53

     *        Independent Non-Executive Director
     (1)
              Appointed on 15 February 2023
     (2)
              Resigned with effect from 1 March 2023
     (3)
              Retired with effect from 1 November 2022




                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022/23




                                                                                                                                                        151
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               41 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                        During the years ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, no director:

                                                        •    received any emoluments from SHKP, the ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of
                                                             their services to the Group;

                                                        •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                        •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                        In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share awards under the Company’s share
                                                        award scheme. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme”
                                                        in the Report of the Directors and note 36.


                                                   (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                       contracts
                                                        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the
                                                        Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                        indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                               42 Ultimate holding company
                                                   The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2023 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of SEHK.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




152
