ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Business Highlights                                         2
Chairman’s Statement                                        6
Management Discussion and Analysis                          9
Directors Profile                                          13
Community Initiatives                                      22
Staff Engagement                                           25
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          26
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             27
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   28
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       29
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             31
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      32
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim
Financial Statements                                       34
Other Information                                          50




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                   1
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Drive for digital transformation to accelerate
                                               5G development in Hong Kong

                                               1. Technology Leadership

                                                 SmarTone’s 5G provides exceptional coverage service to over 99% of the city’s population. Recently,
                                                 SmarTone’s 5G network has been extended to the new Tseung Kwan O – Lam Tin Tunnel and Cross Bay Link, to
                                                 provide customers a quality, fast and stable 5G network experience.




                                                 “SmarTone 5G Ednovation Programme” integrates 5G technology with emerging technology
                                                 and applications such as Internet-of-Things, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and more to schools, offering
                                                 innovative solutions such as “5G Smart Hydroponics Planting System” to enhance teaching
                                                 efficiency and arouse interest in STEM learning.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




2
                                                                        BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



SmarTone Solutions pioneers the development of 5G technology and helps enterprises integrate emerging
technologies for digital transformations and propel Hong Kong to becoming a smart city.




                                     SmartWorks




                                                                                    SmartHotel


     Smart Transport




 Smart Mall Management                                                                     SmartHome


                                    Smart Health


SmarTone Home 5G Broadband provides a cheaper alternative for customers suffering from expensive fees
as they are served by a single fixed-line operator, and to solve fixed-line blind spot at home. We are also the first in
the telecom market to launch a smartphone app for customers to enjoy the best Home 5G Broadband experience.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                              3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               2. Customer-Centric Strategy

                                                 SmarTone has been offering outstanding products and services for its customers to meet their needs. Following
                                                 the resumption of travel, our high-quality roaming service enables customers to go online instantly
                                                 upon arrival without changing SIMs and setups. We also conducted network experience tests at popular overseas
                                                 destinations to ensure the best roaming experiences for customers.




                                                 Given the rise of cyberattacks, SmarTone’s “Cyber & Voice Security” comes with both “Data Guard”
                                                 and “Call Guard”. “Data Guard” provides comprehensive protection for customers’ phone, web and Wi-Fi
                                                 access. “Call Guard” blocks junk calls at the mobile network before they reach customers’ phones. We further
                                                 protect customers’ smartphone safety with “Mobile Threat Inspector Service”.




                                                 The SmarTone Plus premium membership programme has been delivering a world of prestige
                                                 to customers, including birthday celebrations, selected offers, priority and privileges, refined experiences as well




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 as flash surprises. SmarTone also collaborates with The Point, an integrated loyalty programme by Sun Hung Kai
                                                 Properties. SmarTone’s customers can convert their eligible spending at SmarTone into The Point bonus points
                                                 for spending as cash at 25 selected SHKP malls, enjoy free parking and catering privileges, and redeem rewards
                                                 at a SmarTone-designated page on The Point App.




4
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



3. Digitalisation

  Full digital brand “Birdie“ continues to partner with major brands in the city, offering promotions that benefit
  our customers to elevate its young brand image and customer loyalty.




  SmarTone is embracing the rising need for digitalisation by offering our signature caring services online
  through dedicated WhatsApp channel, website and SmarTone CARE App. SmarTone Online Store was presented
  the “2022 Top 10 Quality E-Shop Award” by Hong Kong Retail Management Association, in recognition of its
  best online customer experience.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                        5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               For the period under review, the Company delivered a profit attributable to equity holders of $256M, 2% higher
                                               compared to $251M in the same period last year.

                                               During the period, service revenue grew 4% and mobile postpaid ARPU was up 6% compared to the same period last
                                               year. The increase in ARPU was primarily driven by the continuing growth in 5G subscriptions supported by a modest
                                               roaming revenue recovery as COVID restrictions were gradually relaxed in the last few months of 2022. The customer
                                               base of SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband continued to grow strongly and this, together with the growth in the
                                               Enterprise Solutions portfolio, also contributed to the growth in revenue.

                                               The inflationary environment has resulted in higher cost of operations and, in particular, the cost of electricity. Our
                                               strong cost discipline was able to partially offset such increases, through a variety of initiatives, including renegotiation
                                               of rental costs for cell sites. Notwithstanding the need to be cautious in CAPEX, priority continues to be given to
                                               investments that promote high growth areas, as well as those that enhance service and network quality.

                                               One of the key priorities for the Company is upgrading its customers to 5G services. 5G offers great value for
                                               customers who pay a small premium but enjoy a substantially faster service. This upgrade also yields positive results
                                               for the Company with an increase in both customer numbers and ARPU. As of February 2023, 35% of our customers
                                               have become 5G users, and there is still strong momentum for further uptake. In parallel we have launched various
                                               initiatives to enable our customers to upgrade their phones to 5G phones so that they can enjoy faster connectivity
                                               and subscribe to our new service offerings.

                                               SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband has continued to grow well, even though the need for “work-from-home” or
                                               “study-from-home” has receded. For households without fibre coverage, the service has a very compelling proposition
                                               – it is 10x–20x faster, is substantially cheaper, and is much easier to use. What is encouraging is that the service has
                                               also attracted households who already subscribed to fibre broadband. For some of these customers, whose fixed line
                                               broadband bill is exorbitantly high (usually because there is only one operator), SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband
                                               offers substantial cost savings. Customers also see the value and flexibility of having an additional 5G broadband
                                               service which they can use in their bedrooms or take to their office. The year-on-year growth of this service is high
                                               and going from strength to strength.

                                               The Company has taken several initiatives to enhance its service to customers. We have rolled out a pilot for 40,000
                                               of our customers who can now use WhatsApp to interact with our store staff for support as needed. The response
                                               has been satisfactory and now we will roll out the service more extensively. From 1 December 2022 customers will




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               earn points in the “The Point” which is a Sun Hung Kai Properties Group loyalty program. Our subscribers can earn
                                               points on every dollar they spend in SmarTone, and those points can be used for many benefits such as free parking
                                               or spending credit in SHKP malls.

                                               With regard to network performance, SmarTone’s 5G provides exceptional coverage service to over 99% of the city’s
                                               population. Notwithstanding the already expansive coverage, the Company continued to invest, and SmarTone’s 5G
                                               network now extends, for instance, over to the new Tseung Kwan O – Lam Tin Tunnel and Cross Bay Link. SmarTone
                                               is also one of the only two operators which provides 5G coverage along Route 3, a crucial highway to the Northern
                                               Metropolis. By deploying multiple spectrum bands, the Company provides outstanding network performance across
                                               the territory and in both indoor and outdoor locations ranging from shopping malls, prime office buildings to country
                                               parks and village houses. SmarTone will continue its investment program to provide an ever-improving network
                                               experience to customers. In recognition of SmarTone’s network quality, multiple influential magazines and journals
                                               have ranked the Company’s 5G network as number one in Hong Kong.




6
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Dividend
The Board declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, which is the same as last year. The Company intends
to continue to pay a dividend equivalent to 75% of profit attributable to equity holders on a full-year basis.


Outlook
The mobile industry has remained competitive and pricing pressure continues. In addition, spectrum cost remains a
major burden for the Company (and other Hong Kong operators). For the 2021/2022 financial year, the Company
incurred ~$490M in spectrum cost and associated interest which exceeded the Company’s annual profit in the same
financial year. Hong Kong’s policy is in stark contrast to mainland China or other countries like Japan, where spectrum is
essentially free. What makes the situation worse is that the Inland Revenue Department is now treating spectrum cost as
non-tax-deductible, which is a reversal of previous policies. We oppose such a treatment, because spectrum cost is a
real operating cost, essential to our network operations. Such policies are creating disincentives for operators to invest
further in the network, which, in our view, will hinder Hong Kong’s development as a leading technology hub as set
out in the National 14th 5-year Plan.

On the positive side, the reopening of Hong Kong and recently of China is a big boost not just to the economy,
but also to our roaming revenue, which was a major source of income prior to the pandemic. The impact of such a
reopening is small during this reported period, but already we are seeing a rapid uptake in January 2023. Our roaming
revenue has rebounded to nearly 70% of pre-pandemic levels in January alone, and continues to show strong growth.
In addition, we expect to continue to see positive uptake of 5G, together with a healthy growth of our 5G Home
Broadband.

The Chief Executive’s 2022 Policy Address highlights its support for mobile investment and development, especially
with the new law that stipulates every new building will need to provide for network equipment space for free from
2024. This is a positive direction. The cost for renting mobile equipment space has been a major cost for operators
and this new policy should help contain our cost of operations. The Government has also committed to opening up
government premises for our use as soon as they are ready.

SmarTone is supportive of the 2022 Policy Address and its vision of Hong Kong as an international innovation and
technology center. As a leading mobile operator, SmarTone will continue to invest in building out a world-class
digital infrastructure to reinforce Hong Kong’s development as a technology hub. This will further support the city’s
integration with China and the Greater Bay Area.




                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                                7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Appreciation
                                               During the period under review, Mr. John Anthony Miller and Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine retired by rotation
                                               as Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive Director, respectively. I would like to thank Mr. Miller and
                                               Mrs. Ip for their valuable contribution at SmarTone over the years.

                                               In December, Mr. Norman Tam tendered his resignation as Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of
                                               the Company. The Board and I wish him well in his future endeavours.

                                               I am pleased to welcome Ms. Fiona Lau onboard as an Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
                                               Fiona has been in leadership roles in a number of global companies as well as SUNeVision Holdings Limited, a
                                               subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. At SUNeVision, she has a stellar track record in not just substantially
                                               enhancing the Company’s performance, but also in bringing about a higher level of customer satisfaction. The same
                                               priorities will apply to SmarTone.

                                               I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
                                               support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
                                               and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during the period.




                                               Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Chairman

                                               Hong Kong, 22 February 2023




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




8
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of financial results
During the period under review, the Group profit attributable to shareholders increased by 2% to $256 million (first
half of 2021/22: $251 million) mainly driven by robust core local service business and reinforced by a recovery in
roaming revenue.

Group service revenue increased by 4% to $2,333 million (first half of 2021/22: $2,242 million), primarily driven
by the ongoing increase in 5G subscription, increase in 5G Home Broadband customer base, growth in Enterprise
Solutions business, and modest roaming revenue recovery. Mobile postpaid exit ARPU increased 6% to $223 (first half
of 2021/22: $210). Compared with the second half of 2021/22, Group service revenue increased by $87 million or 4%,
mainly due to increase in local service revenue and roaming revenue.

Group’s handset and accessory sales decreased by $73 million or 5% to $1,476 million when compared with $1,549
million for the same period last year, mainly due to weaker demand for 5G flagship phones in the market. Compared
with the second half of 2021/22, Group’s handset and accessory sales increased by $556 million or 61% due to
seasonal impact of new 5G flagship phones launching.

As a result, Group total revenue increased by 1% to $3,809 million (first half of 2021/22: $3,792 million).

As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s total Hong Kong subscriber number reduced slightly by 0.1 million to 2.6
million compared to last year of 2.7 million. The drop was solely contributed by the reduced prepaid subscribers as
the Real Name Registration requirement has affected the prepaid card market across the industry. Excluding MVNO
customers, the postpaid churn rate increased to 0.9% compared to last year at 0.7%.

Cost of inventories sold decreased by $34 million or 2% to $1,458 million (first half of 2021/22: $1,492 million),
largely in line with the corresponding decrease in handset and accessory sales.

Staff costs increased by $41 million or 13% to $361 million (first half of 2021/22: $320 million) amid annual salary
increment and increase in headcount.

Cost of services provided and other operating expenses increased by $29 million or 4% to $711 million (first half of
2021/22: $683 million). Cost of services rose to support the corresponding increase in Enterprise Solutions Services.
Other operating expenses increased amid higher electricity expenses.

Group EBITDA decreased by $18 million to $1,279 million (first half of 2021/22: $1,297 million).

Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal decreased by $18 million or 2% to $888 million (first half of 2021/22:
$906 million) mainly due to decrease in depreciation of fixed asset offset by increase in amortization of spectrum
utilization fee.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                            9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               Group operating profit remained flat at $391 million.

                                               Finance income increased by $32 million or 303% to $42 million (first half of 2021/22: $10 million) mainly due to
                                               higher bank deposit interest rate.

                                               Finance costs increased by $12 million or 18% to $77 million (first half of 2021/22: $66 million) mainly due to higher
                                               accretion expense from spectrum utilization fee.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $100 million (first half of 2021/22: $83 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
                                               28.1% (first half of 2021/22: 24.9%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee,
                                               the related payments have been regarded as non-deductible on the books such that the Group’s reported effective
                                               tax rate is higher than the statutory rate in Hong Kong of 16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its
                                               position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from the Inland Revenue Department.


                                               Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
                                               The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was financed
                                               by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had
                                               a total equity of $5,230 million, including share capital of $111 million, and total borrowings of $1,495 million.

                                               The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of $2,402
                                               million as at 31 December 2022 (30 June 2022: $2,141 million).

                                               As at 31 December 2022, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $1,495 million (30 June 2022: $1,511 million)
                                               of which 96% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. The Group was in
                                               a net cash position with net cash, including financial assets at amortized cost, amounted to $1,298 million as at 31
                                               December 2022 (30 June 2022: $1,021 million).

                                               The Group had net cash generated from operating activities, free cash flow and interest received of $1,245 million,
                                               $439 million and $23 million respectively during the period ended 31 December 2022. The Group’s major outflows
                                               of funds during the period were payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum utilization fee, leases, dividends and
                                               repayment of bank borrowings.

                                               The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
                                               the financial year ending 30 June 2023 with internal cash resources.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralize such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $67 million as at 31 December 2022 (30 June 2022: $68 million).


Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars
which accounted for 4% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2022. The remaining 96% of the Group’s
borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates
in the future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.


Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2022, the Group provided performance guarantees of $626 million (30 June 2022: $751 million).




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                          11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,865 full-time employees as at 31 December 2022 (30 June 2022: 1,737), with the majority of
                                               them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $361 million for the period ended 31 December 2022 (first half of
                                               2021/22: $320 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions
                                               by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the
                                               period under review, 22,760 shares were lapsed. 395,045 shares (30 June 2022: 417,805) were outstanding as at
                                               31 December 2022.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the period under review, 4,000,000 share options
                                               were granted and 4,000,000 share options were outstanding as at 31 December 2022 (30 June 2022: Nil).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




12
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kwok
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore.

Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Cheung is currently a member of Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong
Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2022/23
Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University in 2016.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.



                                                                                                                          13
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
                                               Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was re-designated
                                               as Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford
                                               University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
                                               recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to
                                               1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung
                                               worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the managing
                                               partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

                                               Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
                                               (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
                                               is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
                                               Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
                                               president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, and has been elected a Professor of Practice at The Hong
                                               Kong Management Association, and the vice chairman of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.
                                               Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee of
                                               the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                                               Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Fung
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
                                               Ms. Fiona Lau was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in February 2023.

                                               Prior to joining SmarTone, Ms. Lau was an executive director and the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings
                                               Ltd. (“SUNeVision”). Since 2017, she has taken up various sales and business development roles in SUNeVision,
                                               spearheading the transformation of the company into a customer-centric organization. Ms. Lau is currently a non-
                                               executive director of SUNeVision.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Prior to joining Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited in 2017 and taking up various leadership roles at SUNeVision, Ms. Lau
                                               was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held a number of senior positions across the
                                               chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions from 2010 to 2017. Between 2005 and
                                               2010 she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

                                               A graduate of The University of Chicago, Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy.

                                               Ms. Lau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




14
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



TAM Lok-man, Norman Executive Director & Deputy Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Norman Tam was appointed Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company in November
2021.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tam was a vice president of Tencent Cloud International, vice president of JOOX
Music, and the chief executive of WeChat Pay Hong Kong Limited. He is a seasoned entrepreneur and executive
with twenty-plus years of experience in product development, operation management, and startup investment in the
Internet and technology sector.

During his time at Tencent, Mr. Tam developed the international business of various areas including social networks,
online advertising, digital payment, online entertainment and cloud computing. He was also active in driving both B2B
and B2C businesses expansion covering enterprises and mass consumers in his scope of responsibilities.

Prior to Tencent, Mr. Tam worked at two international investment banks and co-founded two Internet startups
on education and gaming. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison with a Bachelor’s degree in
Information System and Computer Science.

Mr. Tam is a director of Save the Children Hong Kong.

Mr. Tam is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Tam received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits) and director’s fee of HK$3,270,000 and HK$90,000
respectively.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                        15
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the Company
                                               since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since 1999.
                                               He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap and
                                               deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                               Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

                                               Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of
                                               City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
                                               contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and director’s fee of
                                               HK$6,802,000, HK$1,500,000, HK$53,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




16
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience
of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered Institute of
Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-executive
director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai
Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and the governance and
nomination committee of Adecco SA which is the global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000,
he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it
was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW
to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles
for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Prince
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson
Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung
Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Siu did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                          17
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed
                                               Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

                                               Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
                                               Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
                                               independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts
                                               Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-
                                               member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as the
                                               chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other emoluments
                                               during the said financial year.


                                               NG Leung-sing, JP              Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of China (Hong
                                               Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-executive
                                               director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic
                                               of China.

                                               Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                               Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                               and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                               Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
                                               from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
                                               Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
                                               Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                               Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                               from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                               to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018 and an independent non-
                                               executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 15 October 2022.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                                               as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.
18
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



GAN Fock-kin, Eric              Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president of eAccess
Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank
Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.


LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited and Shui On
Xintiandi Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.

Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
Franklin Scholar.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lam did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                         19
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LEE Yau-tat, Samuel                Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

                                               Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
                                               transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
                                               more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
                                               forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
                                               business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

                                               Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
                                               management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
                                               company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
                                               the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
                                               undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
                                               markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
                                               technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
                                               was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
                                               been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

                                               Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Mr. Lee received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lee did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               Peter KUNG            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022.

                                               Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
                                               Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union.

                                               Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered
                                               Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

                                               Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
                                               Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
                                               Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

                                               Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited and
                                               Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited, a company listed on The Stock Exchange Hong Kong Limited. He is a member
                                               of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM. He is also a non-executive director and chairman of
                                               A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. Mr. Kung has been a China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited
                                               since October 2019.

                                               For the period from 14 March 2022 (date of appointment as a director of the Company) to 30 June 2022, Mr. Kung
                                               received a fee of HK$42,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kung did not receive any other emoluments during the said
                                               financial year.


20
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Mr. Tam Lok-
man, Norman and Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments
are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws
of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority
granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of
directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her serving as an Executive Director
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject
to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. For the role as a
Director of the Company, Ms. Lau will retire and be re-elected by shareholders at the next general meeting of the Company after
her appointment. Thereafter, Ms. Hung will be subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general
meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Hung is entitled to a director’s fee which is
determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Group for his serving as an Executive
Director and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Mr. Tam is entitled to a basic salary
which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled
to a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and contributions to the Group. Mr.
Tam’s appointment as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Tam is entitled to a director’s fee which
is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2022 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
pages 50 to 53 of this Interim Report.




                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                                             21
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



                                               1. SmarTone 5G Ednovation Programme

                                                 “SmarTone 5G Ednovation Programme” is an initiative to bring 5G technology into school
                                                 campuses through integrating education and innovation. SmarTone develops diversified 5G solutions that can
                                                 assist teachers in achieving their educational goals, enhancing teaching efficiency, as well as stimulating students’
                                                 passion in STEM learning.




                                                 SmarTone continues its “5G STEM Classroom”, offering 5G STEM courses with a guided tour at 5G LAB
                                                 for local school students to experience 5G innovation applications.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




22
                                                                 COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



2. Green 5G Network

  SmarTone modernizes base stations with the latest hardware and software to deliver 25% of energy
  saving. We also utilize AI-based network solution to further reduce power consumption by 8%
  through predicting traffic pattern and adjusting power consumption dynamically without compromising network
  performance. As a result, SmarTone records a combined energy saving by 33%, and to minimize
  energy consumption increase even after 5G roll-out.




3. Implementation of real-name registration for SIM cards
  Our volunteer team assisted the elderlies to conduct the real-name registration process. Our stores also opened
  earlier to support users for last minute registration and offered customers instant assistance.




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                    23
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



                                               4. Caring for the Community

                                                 Sending care and warmth to those in need in the community through various activities to build a
                                                 harmonious society.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




24
                                                                         STAFF ENGAGEMENT



1. Grooming Talents

  Introduce diversified opportunities for people and career development , including cross-sector
  exchanges for frontline service staff, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions, to nurture
  employees and enable them to explore their personal potential and professional ability to achieve all-round
  development.




2. Caring For Staff

  Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with a range of festive activities and
  organize caring activities and initiatives.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                     25
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




                                               TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                                               Introduction
                                               We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 27 to 49, which comprises the condensed
                                               consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
                                               (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2022 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
                                               condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
                                               and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and notes,
                                               comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. The Rules Governing the Listing of
                                               Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial
                                               information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
                                               Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company
                                               are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong
                                               Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this
                                               interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
                                               with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
                                               liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


                                               Scope of Review
                                               We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
                                               Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
                                               of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
                                               persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
                                               review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
                                               and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


                                               Conclusion
                                               Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
                                               of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
                                               Financial Reporting”.




                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               Certified Public Accountants

                                               Hong Kong, 22 February 2023

26
                                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                                   For the six months ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                       Notes             $000             $000

Service revenue and other related service                                           2,333,030        2,242,404
Handset and accessory sales                                                         1,475,981        1,549,118


Revenues                                                                 4           3,809,011       3,791,522
Cost of inventories sold                                                            (1,457,910)     (1,492,196)
Cost of services provided                                                             (207,803)       (194,092)
Staff costs                                                                           (360,871)       (319,809)
Other operating expenses, net                                            7            (503,362)       (488,454)
Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                          7            (887,692)       (906,066)


Operating profit                                                                      391,373          390,905
Finance income                                                           5             41,968           10,416
Finance costs                                                            6            (77,376)         (65,808)


Profit before income tax                                                 7            355,965          335,513
Income tax expense                                                       8           (100,133)         (83,436)


Profit after income tax                                                               255,832          252,077


Profit attributable to
Company’s shareholders                                                                255,832          251,383
Non-controlling interests                                                                   –              694


                                                                                      255,832          252,077


Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders
  during the period (expressed in cents per share)                      10
  Basic                                                                                   23.1            22.6
  Diluted                                                                                 23.1            22.6




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2022/23


The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.                                                                                                             27
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                 Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                                 ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                                                    $000              $000

                                               Profit for the period                                                             255,832          252,077


                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                               Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Currency translation differences                                                   (664)            271
                                               Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                    income                                                                         (8,221)          (2,632)


                                               Other comprehensive loss for the period                                             (8,885)          (2,361)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period                                         246,947          249,716


                                               Total comprehensive income attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                            246,947          249,022
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                               –              694


                                                                                                                                 246,947          249,716




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
28                                             accompanying notes.
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                   As at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited          Audited
                                                                               31 December          30 June
                                                                                      2022            2022
                                                                     Notes            $000            $000

Non-current assets
Fixed assets                                                           12         2,795,460       2,736,212
Customer acquisition costs                                                           91,557          87,608
Contract assets                                                                      44,086          42,747
Right-of-use assets                                                                 854,027         917,635
Interest in an associate                                                                  3               3
Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                      7,973          16,194
Financial assets at amortized cost                                                  256,525         336,973
Intangible assets                                                      13         4,668,076       4,904,742
Deposits and prepayments                                                            110,297         130,145
Deferred income tax assets                                                            6,994           7,468


Total non-current assets                                                          8,834,998       9,179,727


Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                           815,650         385,467
Short-term bank deposits                                                          1,586,561       1,755,049
Contract assets                                                                      84,023          88,312
Trade receivables                                                      14           383,698         343,809
Deposits and prepayments                                                            223,271         243,751
Other receivables                                                                   102,116          82,402
Financial assets at amortized cost                                                  134,017          54,783
Inventories                                                                         180,918         100,036
Tax reserve certificate                                                             345,296         347,796


Total current assets                                                              3,855,550       3,401,405


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                         15           324,482         239,453
Other payables and accruals                                                         744,515         723,543
Contract liabilities                                                                355,694         332,394
Lease liabilities                                                                   603,916         576,299
Current income tax liabilities                                                      628,041         557,318
Bank and other borrowings                                              16         1,431,358       1,444,812
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                                220,245         217,609




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2022/23
Total current liabilities                                                         4,308,251       4,091,428




                                                                                                                29
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                                     2022               2022
                                                                                                                    Notes            $000               $000

                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Asset retirement obligations                                                          61,605           75,710
                                               Contract liabilities                                                                   7,866           14,455
                                               Lease liabilities                                                                    271,576          328,522
                                               Bank borrowings                                                       16              63,800           66,000
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                               2,610,712        2,734,426
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      137,062          116,807


                                               Total non-current liabilities                                                      3,152,621        3,335,920


                                               Net assets                                                                         5,229,676        5,153,784


                                               Capital and reserves
                                               Share capital                                                         17             110,526          110,579
                                               Reserves                                                                           5,119,150        5,043,205


                                               Total equity                                                                       5,229,676        5,153,784




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




30                                             The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                 For the six months ended 31 December 2022
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                       $000             $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                              1,251,181        1,259,756
  Income tax paid                                                                    (8,669)        (107,049)
  Redemption/(purchase) of tax reserve certificate                                    2,500           (92,934)


Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         1,245,012        1,059,773


Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                             (344,459)        (375,924)
  Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                              (156,024)        (190,598)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                                   159,033                –
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost                            –           62,128
  Other investing activities                                                         24,078           19,198


Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (317,372)        (485,196)


Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                   (1,463)            (9,435)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                       (9,614)          (50,448)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                             (314,916)        (336,518)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                     (171,325)        (172,203)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (497,318)        (568,604)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           430,322            5,973

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                                 (139)               79

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                 385,467        2,094,884


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                            815,650        2,100,936




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2022/23


The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.                                                                                                            31
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                         Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                       Employee
                                                                                                                             Capital                 share-based                                                  Non-
                                                                                      Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption    Contributed compensation       Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                                                     capital    premium        reserve       reserve       surplus        reserve       reserve      profits       Total      interests       Total
                                                                                      $000         $000          $000          $000           $000          $000          $000        $000         $000          $000         $000

                                               At 1 July 2021                       111,099    1,640,986       14,857        16,946          1,054           6,043      (1,075)   3,329,063    5,118,973      (21,865)    5,097,108


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                      –           –             –             –               –               –          –     251,383      251,383           694      252,077
                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                               Fair value loss on financial asset
                                                  at fair value through other
                                                  comprehensive income                    –           –        (2,632)            –               –               –          –            –       (2,632)            –       (2,632)
                                               Currency translation differences           –           –             –             –               –               –        271            –          271             –          271


                                               Total comprehensive income for the
                                                 period ended 31 December 2021            –           –        (2,632)            –               –               –        271     251,383      249,022           694      249,716


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                       –           –             –             –               –          1,648           –            –        1,648             –        1,648
                                               Lapse of share award                       –           –             –             –               –           (745)          –          745            –             –            –
                                               Repurchase of shares                     (46)          –             –            46               –              –           –       (9,435)      (9,435)            –       (9,435)
                                               Payment of 2021 final dividend             –           –             –             –               –              –           –     (172,203)    (172,203)            –     (172,203)


                                               Total transactions with owners           (46)          –             –            46               –            903           –     (180,893)    (179,990)            –     (179,990)


                                               At 31 December 2021                  111,053    1,640,986       12,225        16,992          1,054           6,946        (804)   3,399,553    5,188,005      (21,171)    5,166,834




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




32
                                                                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                For the six months ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                             Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                Employee
                                                                               Capital                        share-based
                                      Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption       Contributed     compensation      Exchange     Retained
                                     capital    premium         reserve        reserve          surplus           reserve       reserve      profits        Total
                                       $000         $000           $000           $000             $000              $000          $000        $000         $000

At 1 July 2022                       110,579    1,640,986       14,296         17,466               926             1,705        (1,475)   3,369,301    5,153,784


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                      –           –              –             –                 –                   –           –     255,832      255,832
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                    –           –         (8,221)            –                 –                   –          –             –       (8,221)
Currency translation differences           –           –              –             –                 –                   –       (664)            –         (664)


Total comprehensive income for the
  period ended 31 December 2022            –           –         (8,221)            –                 –                   –       (664)     255,832      246,947


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                       –           –              –             –                 –             1,733             –            –        1,733
Lapse of share award                       –           –              –             –                 –              (105)            –          105            –
Repurchase of shares (note 17(a))        (53)          –              –            53                 –                 –             –       (1,463)      (1,463)
Payment of 2022 final dividend             –           –              –             –                 –                 –             –     (171,325)    (171,325)


Total transactions with owners           (53)          –              –            53                 –             1,628             –     (172,683)    (171,055)


At 31 December 2022                  110,526    1,640,986         6,075        17,519               926             3,333        (2,139)   3,452,450    5,229,676




                                                                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2022/23


The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.                                                                                                                                                  33
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (“Interim Financial Statements”) are
                                                   presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have been approved
                                                   for issue by the board of directors on 22 February 2023.


                                               2 Basis of preparation
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2022 have been prepared in
                                                   accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These Interim
                                                   Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30
                                                   June 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at
                                                   fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

                                                   The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
                                                   30 June 2022, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendments to
                                                   standards as set out below.


                                                   (a) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                                                        The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual reporting
                                                        commencing 1 July 2022.

                                                        Annual Improvements Project                  Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle
                                                        HKAS 16 (Amendments)                         Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        HKAS 37 (Amendments)                         Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
                                                        HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                         Reference to the Conceptual Framework
                                                        HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                 Narrow-scope Amendments
                                                          (Amendments)
                                                        AG 5 (Revised)                               Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations

                                                        The adoption of these amendments to standards have no significant impact on these Interim Financial
                                                        Statements.

                                                        Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected
                                                        total annual earnings.




34
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Basis of preparation (continued)
   (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to
       existing standards not yet adopted
      Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have been
      published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2023 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by
      the Group.

      HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
      HKAS 1 (Amendments) and                        Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
        HKFRS Practice Statement 2
      HKAS 8 (Amendments)                            Definition of Account Estimates1
      HKAS 12 (Amendments)                           Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                        Single Transaction1
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                        Associate or Joint Venture2
      HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts1
      HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                        Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                        Demand Clause1
      1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
      2
           The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.


3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
   (a) Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
      interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

      The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
      required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
      financial statements as at 30 June 2022.

      There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                        35
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
                                                   (b) Fair value estimation
                                                        This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
                                                        values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
                                                        the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
                                                        the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
                                                        the table.

                                                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognized at fair value at 31
                                                        December 2022 and 30 June 2022.

                                                                                                       Level 1               Level 2          Level 3              Total
                                                                                                         $000                  $000             $000               $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value
                                                           through other comprehensive
                                                           income

                                                        At 31 December 2022
                                                          (Unaudited)                                        –                7,973                 –              7,973


                                                        At 30 June 2022 (Audited)                            –               16,194                 –            16,194

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
                                                        period.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.

                                                        The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
                                                        asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




36
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting
  The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
  management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
  resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

  The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
  the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
  tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

  An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


  (a) Segment results
                                                Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2022
                                            Hong Kong          Macau     Elimination   Consolidated
                                                 $000           $000            $000           $000

       External revenue                       3,643,851            165,160                 –       3,809,011
       Inter-segment revenue                    143,947              1,667          (145,614)              –


       Total revenue                          3,787,798            166,827          (145,614)      3,809,011


       Timing of revenue recognition
         At a point in time                   1,473,371            145,999          (143,389)      1,475,981
         Over time                            2,314,427             20,828            (2,225)      2,333,030


                                              3,787,798            166,827          (145,614)      3,809,011


       EBITDA                                 1,288,856             (9,791)                 –      1,279,065
       Depreciation, amortization and
         loss on disposal                       (882,749)           (4,943)                 –       (887,692)


       Operating profit/(loss)                  406,107            (14,734)                 –        391,373


       Finance income                                                                                 41,968
       Finance costs                                                                                 (77,376)


       Profit before income tax                                                                      355,965




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                 37
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                              Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                        Hong Kong            Macau        Elimination  Consolidated
                                                                                             $000             $000              $000          $000

                                                        External revenue                3,531,908         259,614                –       3,791,522
                                                        Inter-segment revenue             221,537           3,603         (225,140)              –


                                                        Total revenue                   3,753,445         263,217         (225,140)      3,791,522


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time            1,537,744         231,976         (220,602)      1,549,118
                                                          Over time                     2,215,701          31,241           (4,538)      2,242,404


                                                                                        3,753,445         263,217         (225,140)      3,791,522


                                                        EBITDA                          1,290,170            6,801               –       1,296,971
                                                        Depreciation, amortization
                                                          and loss on disposal            (902,673)         (3,393)              –        (906,066)


                                                        Operating profit                  387,497            3,408               –         390,905


                                                        Finance income                                                                       10,416
                                                        Finance costs                                                                       (65,808)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                           335,513




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




38
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                At 31 December 2022 (Unaudited)
                                               Hong Kong                Macau     Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                    $000                  $000           $000               $000

        Segment assets                          11,840,677              99,063           750,808       12,690,548


        Segment liabilities                      (6,591,043)          (104,726)         (765,103)       (7,460,872)

                                                                    At 30 June 2022 (Audited)
                                                 Hong Kong               Macau       Unallocated      Consolidated
                                                      $000                $000             $000              $000

        Segment assets                          11,710,180             107,735           763,217       12,581,132


        Segment liabilities                      (6,645,946)          (107,277)         (674,125)       (7,427,348)

   There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of
   measurement of segment results.


5 Finance income
                                                                                     Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                                            $000             $000

   Interest income from bank deposits                                                     31,894              3,202
   Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                                10,074            11,425
   Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                                  –             (4,300)
   Accretion income                                                                            –                 89


                                                                                          41,968            10,416

   During the six months ended 31 December 2021, expected credit loss of $4,300,000 was recognized to reflect
   the change in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                        39
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               6 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         $000             $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                       30,398          31,477
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                             34,946          22,915
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                                 7,594           6,884
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                        436             224
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 9)                                   4,002           4,308


                                                                                                                                       77,376          65,808

                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
                                                   retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
                                                   allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.


                                               7 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                                                                         $000             $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net
                                                     – Network costs                                                                 284,531          269,509
                                                     – Short-term and low-value leases                                                16,931           20,710
                                                     – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                  1,552            2,662
                                                     – Net exchange (gain)/loss (note 9)                                              (2,741)           1,265




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     – Others                                                                        203,089          194,308
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                    2,798            8,195
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                                      270,975          321,202
                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               334,473          339,846
                                                   Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                          236,666          197,562
                                                   Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                         42,780           39,261
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                1,733            1,648




40
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




8 Income tax expense
                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Current income tax
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                              84,655             79,268
    Overseas tax                                                                          888              1,025
  Over-provision in prior years
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                               (6,139)           (1,027)
    Overseas tax                                                                             –              (167)


  Total current income tax expense                                                     79,404             79,099


  Deferred income tax
  Decrease/(increase) in deferred income tax assets                                       475             (4,533)
  Increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                          20,254              8,870


  Total deferred income tax expense                                                    20,729              4,337


  Income tax expense                                                                  100,133             83,436

  Income tax expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
  rate expected for the full financial year.


9 Net exchange loss
  The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included as
  follows:

                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 7)                                                (2,741)            1,265
  Finance costs (note 6)                                                                 4,002             4,308


                                                                                         1,261             5,573




                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                      41
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
                                                             shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders              23.1              22.6


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s
                                                          shareholders                                                                     23.1              22.6


                                                   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                        Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating basic
                                                          earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                            255,832            251,383




42
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share (continued)
   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                    Number             Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
        the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
        (less shares held for share award scheme)                             1,105,412,303      1,110,580,570
      Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
        Effect of awarded shares                                                      50,852             20,422
        Effect of share options                                                       23,246                  –


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
       ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                             1,105,486,401      1,110,600,992


11 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2021: 14.5 cents)
         per fully paid share                                                        160,437            160,767

      At a meeting held on 22 February 2023, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
      paid share for the year ending 30 June 2023. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
      payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits
      for the year ending 30 June 2023.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
      of these Interim Financial Statements.


   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2022/23
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Final dividend of 15.5 cents (2021: 15.5 cents) per fully paid share           171,325            172,203



                                                                                                                     43
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               12 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                          $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2022                                                             2,736,212
                                                   Additions                                                                                            334,083
                                                   Disposals                                                                                             (3,384)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                                    (476)
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                        (270,975)

                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2022                                                        2,795,460

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2021                                                             2,679,862
                                                   Additions                                                                                            342,235
                                                   Disposals                                                                                              (8,254)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                                      157
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                        (321,202)

                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2021                                                        2,692,798

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2022, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
                                                   and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $224,527,000 (2021: $281,648,000).

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2022, the estimated total useful lives of certain items of network and
                                                   testing equipment were revised. The net effect of the changes in the current financial period was a decrease in
                                                   depreciation expense of $40,257,000.

                                                   At 31 December 2022, buildings with carrying amount of $66,648,000 (30 June 2022: $67,867,000) were
                                                   pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).

                                               13 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                        Spectrum
                                                                                                                                                   utilization fee




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                             $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2022                                                             4,904,742
                                                   Amortization                                                                                        (236,666)

                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2022                                                        4,668,076

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2021                                                             3,119,536
                                                   Additions                                                                                          2,145,031
                                                   Amortization                                                                                        (197,562)

                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2021                                                        5,067,005

                                                   The Group extended the spectrum utilization period of the 1800 MHz band to 29 September 2036 during the
                                                   six months ended 31 December 2021. As a result of the bid of a block of 15 MHz spectrum at the 850 MHz
                                                   band and 40 MHz spectrum at the 4.9 GHz band, the Group acquired $305 million of spectrums during the six
                                                   months ended 31 December 2021.
44
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Trade receivables
                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2022                2022
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Trade receivables                                                                     390,040           350,627
  Less: loss allowance                                                                   (6,342)           (6,818)


                                                                                        383,698           343,809

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2022                2022
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    316,461           269,957
  31 – 60 days                                                                           24,000            19,284
  61 – 90 days                                                                            3,305             6,902
  Over 90 days                                                                           39,932            47,666


                                                                                        383,698           343,809

  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
  expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $1,552,000 (2021:
  $2,662,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2022.


15 Trade payables
  An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2022                2022
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    208,996           141,516
  31 – 60 days                                                                           46,843            42,727




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2022/23
  61 – 90 days                                                                           27,903            12,250
  Over 90 days                                                                           40,740            42,960


                                                                                        324,482           239,453




                                                                                                                        45
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                           Unaudited                                       Audited
                                                                                       31 December 2022                                  30 June 2022
                                                                                 Current Non-current               Total         Current Non-current           Total
                                                                                   $000        $000                $000            $000         $000           $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                    2,200         63,800          66,000               –       66,000         66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                    9,537               –           9,537         19,128              –      19,128
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)        1,419,621               –       1,419,621      1,425,684              –   1,425,684


                                                   Total bank and other
                                                     borrowings                1,431,358         63,800        1,495,158      1,444,812       66,000     1,510,812

                                                   (a)     On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                           US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
                                                           Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will
                                                           rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

                                                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair value of the bank borrowings included under non-
                                                   current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at
                                                   the period end date for similar borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                    Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                      $000               $000               $000              $000

                                                   At 31 December 2022
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                                 –               63,800               –            63,800


                                                   Total                                                   –               63,800               –            63,800




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                     Level 1               Level 2         Level 3             Total
                                                                                                       $000                  $000            $000              $000

                                                   At 30 June 2022
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                                 –               66,000               –            66,000


                                                   Total                                                   –               66,000               –            66,000

                                                   At 31 December 2022, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
                                                   June 2022: same).




46
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Share capital
                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                  Shares of
                                                                                 $0.1 each             $000

  Authorized
  At 1 July 2021, 30 June 2022, 1 July 2022 and 31 December 2022            2,000,000,000           200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2022                                                            1,105,792,101           110,579
  Repurchase of shares (a)                                                       (527,500)              (53)


  At 31 December 2022                                                       1,105,264,601           110,526


  At 1 July 2021                                                            1,110,988,601           111,099
  Repurchase of shares                                                           (455,000)              (46)


  At 31 December 2021                                                       1,110,533,601           111,053

  (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled 359,500
        shares on the SEHK. Of these repurchased shares together with 168,000 shares repurchased in June 2022,
        527,500 shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2022. The amount paid to acquire the 359,500
        cancelled shares of $1,463,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders and the amount
        paid to acquire the 168,000 cancelled shares of $680,000 has been paid during the year ended 30 June
        2022.


18 Share award scheme and share option scheme
  (a) Share award scheme
        (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                                   Unaudited

              Number of awarded shares
              Outstanding at 1 July 2022                                                            417,805
              Lapsed                                                                                (22,760)


              Outstanding at 31 December 2022                                                       395,045




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                 47
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               18 Share award scheme and share option scheme (continued)
                                                   (b) Share option scheme
                                                        (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                                                                                      Average
                                                                                                                                 exercise price        Numbers of
                                                                                                                                     per share       share options

                                                              At 1 July 2022                                                                –                  –
                                                              Granted                                                                  $3.976          4,000,000


                                                              At 31 December 2022                                                      $3.976          4,000,000

                                                              At 31 December 2022, 1,200,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $3.976
                                                              per share.

                                                        (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date
                                                                                                                                        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                                                                      31 December         30 June
                                                                                                                                              2022           2022
                                                                                                                            Exercise      Number          Number
                                                                                                                                price     of share        of share
                                                              Date of grant     Exercise period                            per share       options        options

                                                              7 November 2022   15 November 2022 to 14 November 2026        $3.976      4,000,000               –


                                                        (iii) Details of share options exercised
                                                              No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




48
                          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
  (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                     2022               2022
                                                                                     $000               $000

      Fixed assets
         Contracted for                                                             133,130            78,668


  (b) Contingent liabilities
                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                     2022               2022
                                                                                     $000               $000

      Performance guarantees                                                        626,383           751,383


20 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.05% of the Company’s shares as at
  31 December 2022. The remaining 30.95% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.91% is held by another
  subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
  company incorporated in Hong Kong.


  (a) During the six months ended 31 December 2022, the Group had transactions with certain fellow
      subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business. All related party transactions are
      carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions. These
      transactions are not significant to the Group’s Interim Financial Statements.


  (b) Key management compensation
      No transaction has been entered with the directors of the Company (being the key management personnel)
      during the six months ended 31 December 2022 other than the emoluments of $14,011,000 paid to
      them (being the key management personnel remuneration). The compensation paid or payable to key
      management (including directors and senior management) for the six months ended 31 December 2021
      amounted to $11,176,000.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                   49
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interim dividend
                                               The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2022 (2021:
                                               14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Friday, 17 March 2023 to shareholders whose
                                               names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Wednesday, 8 March 2023.


                                               Closure of register of members
                                               The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Wednesday, 8 March 2023. For determining the entitlement
                                               to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Wednesday, 8 March
                                               2023 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfers
                                               accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong,
                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
                                               Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 7 March 2023.


                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
                                               As at 31 December 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
                                               shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
                                               of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
                                               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
                                               or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
                                               recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
                                               pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
                                               Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the
                                               Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


                                               1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                        Number of shares held

                                                                                 Personal                                     Number of
                                                                                 interests                                    underlying                      % of
                                                                                  (held as                                   shares held                    issued
                                                                                beneficial         Other                    under equity                    voting




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Name of Director               owner)       interests           Total    derivatives         Total      shares


                                                    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond             –      5,162,337 1      5,162,337               –    5,162,337        0.47

                                                    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen           437,359               –        437,359                –     437,359         0.04

                                                    Tam Lok-man, Norman                 –               –              –       4,000,0002    4,000,000        0.36
                                                                                                                                (Personal
                                                                                                                                 interests
                                                                                                                                  in share
                                                                                                                                 options)

                                                    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen         146,000         11,000 3       157,000                –     157,000         0.01




50
                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



  Notes:

  1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
       beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

  2.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
       physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
       entitled “Share option scheme”.

  3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
  (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                  Number of shares held

                                           Personal                                      Number of
                                           interests                                     underlying                    % of
                                            (held as                                    shares held                  issued
                                          beneficial         Other                     under equity                  voting
       Name of Director                      owner)       interests          Total      derivatives         Total    shares


       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    550,237,686 1   552,006,429                –   552,006,429     19.05
                                                         1,580,000 2

       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000               –          1,000                –         1,000      0.00

       David Norman Prince                    2,000               –          2,000                –         2,000      0.00

       Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,000 3         7,000                –         7,000      0.00

       Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,028 4         4,028                –         4,028      0.00

       Notes:

       1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
             beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

       2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

       3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

       4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                                51
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                                                                              Number of shares held

                                                                                                    Personal                                                      Number of
                                                                                                    interests                                                     underlying                                    % of
                                                                                                     (held as                                                    shares held                                  issued
                                                                                                   beneficial                Other                              under equity                                  voting
                                                       Name of Director                               owner)              interests                     Total    derivatives                  Total           shares


                                                       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                –          3,485,000 1           3,485,000                     –           3,485,000               0.15

                                                       Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                         4,000,000                         –         4,000,000            8,000,000 2         12,000,000               0.51

                                                       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                          50,000                         –             50,000                    –             50,000                0.00

                                                       Notes:

                                                       1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
                                                             beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                       2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                             physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
                                                             options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                                    Number of share options

                                                                                                                                                                                              Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                                                                         Outstanding          Granted       Exercised            Lapsed             at
                                                                                                   Exercise                                 at 1 July       during the     during the         during the   31 December
                                                             Name of Director      Date of grant      price       Exercise period*              2022            period         period             period          2022
                                                                                                          $


                                                             Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   22 May 2019        6.688       22 May 2020 to           4,000,000                –               –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                                                                    21 May 2024

                                                                                   4 May 2022         6.532       4 May 2023 to            4,000,000                –               –                 –      4,000,000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                    3 May 2027

                                                             *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                                     date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                                                     part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




52
                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
         associated corporations:
                                                                                                              Actual % of
                                                                                        Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                        held through        issued voting
          Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


          Splendid Kai Limited (commenced members’ voluntary liquidation on
            15 June 2022)                                                                         2,500 1             25.00

          Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25 1             25.00

          Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

          Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

          Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,900 1               20.00

          Note:

          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
               certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK
pursuant to the Model Code.


Share option scheme
The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company
held on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
by the SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company,
at the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                                 53
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                       Number of share options

                                                                                                                                                                                             Outstanding
                                                                                                                        Outstanding      Granted        Exercised     Canceled       Lapsed           at
                                                                                       Exercise                            at 1 July   during the      during the    during the   during the 31 December
                                               Grantee               Date of grant        price   Exercise period              2022        period          period        period       period        2022
                                                                                              $


                                               Director
                                               Tam Lok-man, Norman   7 November 2022     3.976    15 November 2022 to           N/A     4,000,0002&3           –             –           –      4,000,000
                                                                                                    14 November 20261

                                               Notes:

                                               1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from 15 November 2022, up to 60% of the grant from 15
                                                      November 2023, and in whole or in part of the grant from 15 November 2024.

                                               2.     The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the date on which the share options were granted was $4.06
                                                      per share.

                                               3.     The value of these share options, as calculated by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, was $4,077,000. The
                                                      significant inputs into the model were:

                                                      Risk-free interest rate                                       4.323%a
                                                      Expected volatility                                           18.400%b
                                                      Expected dividend yield                                       7.732%c
                                                      Expected life of the share options                            4 years 8 daysd

                                                      a.     This represented the market yield on Hong Kong government bonds (maturing August 2026) as of the valuation date.

                                                      b.     This represented the annualized volatility of the closing price of the shares of the Company over a period of 260 trading
                                                             days preceding the date of grant.

                                                      c.     This represented the yield of the expected dividend, being the historical dividend on the shares of the Company for the
                                                             year preceding the date of grant.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                      d.     This was based on the assumption that there was no material difference between the expected volatility over the whole
                                                             life of the share options and the historical volatility of the shares of the Company for the year preceding the date of
                                                             grant.

                                                      The value of the share options is subject to a number of assumptions and limitations of the model. Therefore, the value may be
                                                      subjective and would change should any of the assumptions changed.

                                               Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
                                               pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
                                               canceled or lapsed during the period.




54
                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
111,098,860 on 1 July 2022 and 107,098,860 on 31 December 2022.

The number of shares that may be issued in respect of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme
during the six-month period ended 31 December 2022 was 4,000,000, representing 0.36% of the weighted average
number of ordinary shares in issue (less shares held for the share award scheme) for the same period.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognize the contributions of certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the
development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee
at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each vesting period. The
shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are not required to pay any
purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of the Company will be issued under the Share
Award Scheme.

Movements of the awarded shares granted to selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme during the six
months ended 31 December 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                          Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                                    Outstanding
                                                            Outstanding       Awarded        Vested       Canceled       Lapsed              at
                                                               at 1 July     during the   during the     during the   during the    31 December
Awardee            Date of award      Vesting period               2022          period       period         period       period           2022


Employees          28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to       417,805              –             –             –       (22,760)       395,045
                                        28 February 20231

Note:

1.    30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest
      on the third anniversary date of the date of award.

The number of awarded shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was
107,171,217 on both 1 July 2022 and 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2022/23



                                                                                                                                                  55
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 31 December 2022, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                          Total number         % of issued
                                               Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               72.96%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      807,292,867               73.04%

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
                                                    deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
                                               Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
                                               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
                                               the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




56
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased 359,500 shares of the Company on
the SEHK. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2022. Details of the repurchases were as
follows:

                                                 Number of               Price per share
                                                     shares                                             Aggregate
Month of repurchase                            repurchased             Highest             Lowest        price paid
                                                                             $                  $                 $


September 2022                                      151,000                4.12              4.12           622,000
October 2022                                        147,500                4.13              4.08           605,000
November 2022                                        61,000                3.87              3.84           236,000


                                                    359,500                                               1,463,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2022 was there any purchase, sale or
redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board.
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric. All the members of the Committee are Independent
Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise
and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 10 February 2023 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2022 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and
the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2022 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2022/23
The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix 16 of
the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                         57
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Corporate governance
                                               The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2022, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
                                               out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, except for the
                                               following deviations:

                                               Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
                                               directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric, Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine and
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting
                                               of the Company held on 1 November 2022 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining
                                               eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 67% of all independent non-
                                               executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the
                                               views expressed by the shareholders.

                                               The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
                                               with the CG Code.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
                                               Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
                                               during the six months ended 31 December 2022, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
                                               Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                                               Company Secretary




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Hong Kong, 22 February 2023

                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman),
                                               Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer), Mr. TAM Lok-man, Norman (Deputy Chief Executive Officer) and
                                               Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG
                                               Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE and Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas; Independent Non-Executive
                                               Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny,
                                               Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel and Mr. Peter KUNG.




58
