ABOUT US



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong Kong since 1996
and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (0016.HK).

SmarTone is a leading mobile communications provider in Hong Kong, offering territory-wide
and superior 5G services, which are instrumental in driving the region’s 5G development. In
2020, SmarTone was the first company in Hong Kong to introduce the groundbreaking 5G
home broadband services, distinguished by its no-wiring and no-installation propositions, which
have garnered the largest market share and widespread popularity among consumers. SmarTone
also offers cutting-edge IoT solutions tailored for enterprises, driving digital transformation and
propelling the smart city development in Hong Kong.

SmarTone has established itself as the Consumers’ No.1 Best Preferred 5G Network*, with its
commitment to delivering exceptional network experience, customer-centric products and
services, a proactive approach to innovation and a profound understanding of customer needs.
It has also been recognized by an independent global research and consulting firm as the only
mobile communications provider to be ranked among the top ten brands in Hong Kong^.

SmarTone operates over 30 retail stores in Hong Kong and has 5 key sub-brands to cater to
diverse market needs. Through leveraging innovative business strategies, SmarTone is leading
the industry development in Hong Kong.




*
    Based on results obtained from study conducted by market research company NuanceTree, as commissioned by SmarTone.
    3,942 post-paid SIM card users were interviewed via online survey and street interviews between January and December 2022.
^
    Based on Kantar BrandZ Top 30 Strongest Brands in Hong Kong 2024.
CONTENTS



About Us
Business Highlights                                        2
Chairman’s Statement                                       6
Management Discussion and Analysis                         9
Directors Profile                                          12
Community Initiatives                                      21
Staff Engagement                                           24
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          25
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             26
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   27
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       28
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             30
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      31
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim                33
Financial Statements
Other Information                                          53




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                     1
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Leveraging 5G and new technologies, we aspire to be our
                                               customers’ “trusted partner in digital life”.

                                               1. Technology Leadership
                                                 SmarTone delivers a seamless network experience powered by its territory-wide 5G network. Our AI-powered
                                                 network optimizes resource allocation and delivers a cost-effective network, ensuring best customer experience,
                                                 even in high traffic hotspots.

                                                 With the renewal of the exclusive 850MHz spectrum and the newly acquired 6/7GHz spectrum, SmarTone has
                                                 established a robust foundation for its 5G-Advanced and future 6G network.




                                                  Major ports                                                                               Event hot spots




                                                   Shopping malls                                                                       Airport




                                                           Major Routes and Tunnels                                     MTR stations




                                                 We supported the Hong Kong Government’s infrastructure blueprint by deploying our 3.5GHz and 4.9GHz “5G
                                                 Golden Spectrum” at key locations and major event venues. These include GO PARK Sai Sha, Kai Tak Sports
                                                 Park, the Third Runway System at Hong Kong International Airport, and 24 high-traffic MTR stations. These
                                                 deployments ensure a seamless network experience for customers during mega events and peak hours.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                      GO PARK Sai Sha
                                                                                                                     Central Harbourfront
                                                                                             Kai Tak Sports Park         Event Space




            2
                                                                BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation
  SmarTone’s enterprise solutions arm, SmarTone Solutions, empowers businesses to embrace digitalization
  and adopt AI, forming the backbone of a more connected smart city and advancing Hong Kong’s smart city
  development.

                                                                   SmarTransport
                  Smart Construction




                                                                                SmartMall
              SmartHome




                                                              Smart Property Management
                     SmartHotel




  SmarTone supported world-class events with the ultra-fast, low-latency 5G-Advanced network, including
  network slicing and private 5G network, offering reliable and seamless connectivity.




                                       2024 SHKP Hong Kong
        The World Games                      Cyclothon                          WBSC Baseball5
      Series 2024 Hong Kong                                                     World Cup 2024




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy
                                                 SmarTone’s commitment to exceptional service was recognized with prestigious award at the Hong Kong Retail
                                                 Management Association’s “2024 Service Talent Award”. Additionally, SmarTone was the only telecom operator
                                                 ranked among Hong Kong’s top 10 brands by Kantar, a reputable marketing analytics company.




                                                 SmarTone was the first in Hong Kong to launch the plug-and-play 5G home broadband service and is currently
                                                 ranked as the No.1 5G broadband service in the region. As a pioneer in introducing the cutting-edge Wi-Fi 7 5G
                                                 Home Broadband, we strive to deliver a superior network experience, eliminating the hassle of wiring.




                                                 SmarTone strives to deliver high quality roaming experience to customers. To achieve this, we are working with
                                                 roaming partners abroad to ensure they deliver “SmarTone Quality”. We have also set up a toll-free hotline to
                                                 offer customer support in real time, guaranteeing outstanding and stable service.

                                                 SmarTone understands that every customer has unique needs and expectations. That’s why we provide tailored




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 products and services for various segments. For instance, our SmarT Parenting Academy empowers parents to
                                                 confidently guide their children through the digital realm with kid-friendly services and products.




            4
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



  SmarTone places a strong emphasis on customers’ network security. We offer a range of protection services,
  including Data Guard and Call Guard. These services ensure comprehensive privacy, network, and call security,
  ensuring a peace of mind for every customer.




4. Digitalization
  SmarTone’s digital brand, Birdie, engages with young segment with its youthful brand image and exciting
  offerings.




  SmarTone offers a wide range of services through our website, WhatsApp hotline, and the upgraded CARE
  App. Our dedication to excellence has earned recognition as one of the “Top 10 Quality Trusted E-Shops” and
  awarded the “Top 10 O2O Retail Brand Award” by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, highlighting
  our commitment to enhancing both online and offline experiences.




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                       5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               Over the past 6 months, SmarTone delivered a profit attributable to equity holders of $256 million (excluding one-
                                               off items), representing a 4% year-on-year growth. The market remains highly competitive, with pressure on pricing
                                               and ARPU. However, we maintained profitability by prioritising the retention of our most valuable customers and
                                               delivering high-quality service, backed by our industry leading mobile network and coverage. Our new growth engines
                                               such as 5G Home Broadband continued to expand, while we maintain strong cost discipline.

                                               We have continued to expand our customer base which has now reached 2.87 million. Maintaining 5G penetration
                                               at about 40%, and 5G ARPU at a level doubled that of 4G, we have delivered a differentiated suite of mobile
                                               products that tailor to the needs of different customer segments. The growing reliance on the mobile network to run
                                               critical, essential applications among both consumer and enterprise customers (from social media, personal banking
                                               authentication to “work-from-anywhere”) means that the demand for a high quality, secure network is becoming
                                               a priority for customers. We believe SmarTone is on a strong trajectory to capture this growing demand with our
                                               superior network and service.

                                               A key growth engine is our 5G Home Broadband service which has experienced consistent growth over the past 3
                                               years. Its success is driven by its speed — significantly faster than non-fiber networks — affordability, and ease of
                                               installation. We have seen strong adoption especially among apartment renters and newly arrived immigrants in Hong
                                               Kong. This service enables many Hong Kong residents to enjoy high internet speed when in the past they struggled
                                               with poor Wi-Fi. To enhance our customers’ experience, we have upgraded our service with a dedicated app that
                                               optimizes Wi-Fi connectivity and a 24/7 support hotline. Recently, SmarTone became the first to launch a Wi-Fi 7
                                               Home Broadband service, delivering a superior Wi-Fi experience. As a result, EBITDA from 5G Home Broadband has
                                               grown by 20% year-on-year.

                                               As Hong Kong residents continue to travel to the Mainland and abroad for leisure, we have focused on giving our
                                               users a high-quality roaming experience. We are working with our roaming partners abroad to ensure they deliver
                                               “SmarTone quality”. We have set up a round-the-clock toll-free hotline abroad to provide support to all our customers
                                               for any difficulties they may encounter. Additionally, we have implemented measures to protect our customers from
                                               accidental overspending. Recognizing diverse customer needs, we have diversified our product range with offerings
                                               such as “Multi-day Pass”, “Mainland China & HK1-Card-2-Number” and “GBA Frequent Travellers Bundle”. These
                                               initiatives have led to significant growth, with over 50% of our subscribers now utilizing our roaming services.

                                               SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions business continued to mature, delivering a 13% increase in profit contribution over
                                               the same period last year. Leveraging key trends such as Hong Kong’s Smart City development and Mega events, our




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Enterprise Solutions business is well-positioned for growth. During the period, we successfully launched the latest
                                               advancements of our 5G-Advanced network, including network slicing and private 5G network, at major world-class
                                               events such as the World Games Series 2024 Hong Kong, in close collaboration with the Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                               Group. We are also collaborating with Prince Margaret Hospital and Gleneagles Hospital to build a 5G public-private
                                               hybrid network that will enable industry specific applications to boost productivity and drive innovation.




            6
                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



We are also tailoring our services to meet the needs of new talent relocating to Hong Kong driven by the Hong Kong
Government’s various talent schemes. We see it as a responsibility to offer services and packages that maximise
convenience to these new talents, and that they settle down well in Hong Kong. In this respect, we are working
closely with SHKP in providing the necessary services to ensure they have an easy move-in. We have seen strong
demand for our services among new talents, particularly in 5G Home Broadband and in getting a second phone.
Looking ahead, we see new talents and immigrants to Hong Kong as a key growth segment and will collaborate with
the SHKP Group to help their transition to Hong Kong.

Our commitment to delivering exceptional network performance is reinforced by the renewal of our exclusive
850MHz spectrum, critical for extensive coverage and superior signal penetration. In addition, we have acquired the
6/7GHz band which lays a strong foundation for our 5G-Advanced and future 6G networks. We continue to provide
the highest spectrum per subscriber in Hong Kong, delivering the best customer experience. During the period,
in support of the Hong Kong Government infrastructure blueprint, we commenced the deployment of the “5G
Golden Spectrum” (3.5GHz and/or 4.9GHz) at the new Kai Tak Sports Park, the Third Runway System at the Hong
Kong International Airport, as well as in 24 of the busiest MTR stations. Our extensive coverage in country parks and
outdoor sports leisure sites such as Go Park offer citizens a peace of mind to stay connected while enjoying nature.
To enhance our network performance, we are leveraging emerging AI technology to optimize resources and deliver a
cost-effective network, ensuring seamless connectivity in high-traffic areas.

The Company continues to operate under a highly disciplined zero-based cost management framework. Without
compromising our network quality, the total operating cost for the current period decreased by 2% compared to
last year. Our strong cost management enables the allocation of more resources towards network improvements,
customer experiences, and investment in new growth areas.


Dividend
The Board proposed an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, consistent with last year.


Outlook
Our philosophy remains unchanged as we continue investing to deliver superior service, meet evolving customer
needs, enhance protection, and build lasting trust.

Looking ahead, despite market challenges, we will continue to seek out new revenue streams tailored to our customer
demands. At the same time, we will invest in streamlining operations and deliver cost efficiencies, leveraging new AI
technologies to enhance performance.

The emergence of DeepSeek has triggered a new phase of AI adoption. We expect many new AI applications in the
coming months, riding on our 5G network. This makes the quality of network the more important. This also makes
protecting our customers from cyberattacks critical. Many consumers remain unaware of the risks associated with
public Wi-Fi networks which can expose them to attacks such as data interception and unauthorized access. Similarly,
unbranded prepaid SIM cards for roaming often lack proper security measures.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                             7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               To counter the growing threats of phishing, SMS frauds, and scam calls, we will continue to expand the current suite
                                               of innovative security solutions, including Hong Kong’s first “Staff Verification Code” to help customers identify and
                                               authenticate SmarTone staff over the phone. Additionally, “Data Guard” provides professional-grade data protection
                                               for consumers, while “Call Guard” identifies and blocks fraudulent calls. For further support, we have established
                                               a dedicated hotline where customers can consult our expert team if they suspect their phones have been hacked or
                                               targeted by scams.

                                               We have invested in a world-class 5G network that rivals, and in reality superior to, those networks in other global
                                               financial centers. We have greatly expanded the coverage and connectivity to enable our users to “work anywhere”,
                                               and our network has superior coverage in country parks and remote areas. We appreciate the Government’s recent
                                               supportive policies for the industry, including permitting the installation of base stations in new buildings without rent
                                               and the proposed subsidies to extend 5G coverage to rural and remote areas. These policies will undoubtedly aid us
                                               in enhancing our network coverage and contributing to the development of Hong Kong into a smart city. Building on
                                               this support, we will continue to invest to sustain and improve this network, as we believe the 5G network is a critical
                                               backbone to innovation and AI adoption in Hong Kong. The high quality of our network also ensures that Hong Kong
                                               enjoys the same level of connectivity as in other cities within the Greater Bay area.

                                               Technology only brings value if it can be applied in daily lives and business. With this in mind, our mission is not
                                               simply to be an infrastructure provider. We want to help our users, businesses or consumers, to leverage our network
                                               and use technology for their benefits. For businesses, our enterprise solutions teams are helping companies to adopt
                                               new AI solutions to enhance productivity. For consumers, we are investing to educate our consumers ways to use
                                               technology to enrich their lives. For instance, we will be rolling out workshops to customers over the next few months
                                               on topics such as “Learning how to use DeepSeek”, “Protecting yourself from hacking”. We hope we will not just be
                                               a network provider, but can add real value to our users in their daily lives.


                                               Appreciation
                                               I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their support and trust, as well
                                               as my fellow directors for their continued guidance. To our staff, I would like to express my sincere thanks for their
                                               unwavering commitment and hard work which are the cornerstone of our success.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Chairman

                                               Hong Kong, 26 February 2025




            8
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of financial results
During the period under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders was $257 million (first half of
2023/24: $246 million). Excluding one-off items, the underlying profit attributable to shareholders was $256 million,
representing a 4% increase over prior year.

The Group’s total revenue was $3,492 million, a 3% increase from $3,390 million for the same period last year. This
growth was primarily driven by higher handset and accessory sales. Our total service revenue remained steady during
the period, as the market remains very competitive and there is pressure on ARPU.

The cost of services provided for the six months ended 31 December 2024 decreased by $13 million or 5% to $227
million, compared to $240 million in the first half of 2023/24. This decrease amid the improvement on the margin of
enterprise solution business.

Staff costs rose 1% to $357 million (first half of 2023/24: $353 million) due to annual salary increases, offset by a
reduction in headcount.

The Group has continued to rigorously enhance cost control measures and operational efficiency during the period.
Consequently, other operating expenses were reduced by 4% year-on-year, amounting to $467 million.

Depreciation, amortization, and loss on disposal decreased by $21 million or 2%, resulting in a total of $859 million
(first half of 2023/24: $881 million). This reduction is primarily attributable to lower depreciation charges on network
equipment due to our prudent capital expenditure management and reduced depreciation charges on right-of-use
assets following rental negotiations in recent years.

Expected credit loss of $50 million was recognized to reflect the change in credit risk for the financial assets at
amortized cost.

Given the Group’s robust net cash position, our net finance costs (including accretion expenses on spectrum utilization
fees and lease liabilities) remained stable at $16 million (first half of 2023/24: $16 million).

Income tax expense amounted to $97 million (first half of 2023/24: $99 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
27.5% (first half of 2023/24: 28.7%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee,
certain related payments have been treated as non-deductible in calculating the tax provision, which contributes to
the Group effective tax rate being higher than 16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and
pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from the Inland Revenue Department. As at 31 December 2024,
the Group’s current income tax liabilities of $745 million consists of $601 million provision which has been made
on the assumption that all spectrum utilization fee payments were not tax deductible. At the same time, tax reserve
certificates of $385 million have been purchased by the Group in this regard.




                                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                                   9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
                                               The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was mainly
                                               financed by share capital and internally generated funds. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total equity of
                                               $5,248 million, including share capital and reserves of $110 million and $5,138 million, respectively.

                                               The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of $1,650
                                               million as at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: $1,577 million). Total borrowings of the Group was $62 million as at
                                               31 December 2024, as compared to $64 million as at 30 June 2024.

                                               The Group has generated net cash from operating activities of $968 million during the period ended 31 December
                                               2024. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the period were payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum
                                               utilization fee, leases and dividends.

                                               The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
                                               the financial year ending 30 June 2025 with internal cash resources.


                                               Treasury policy
                                               The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved by the board of directors. Surplus
                                               funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits and financial assets
                                               at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

                                               The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf.


                                               Charges on assets
                                               The Group’s bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying amount of the pledged
                                               assets amounted to $62 million as at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: $63 million).


                                               Interest rate exposure
                                               As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total borrowing of $62 million is subject to floating interest rate. Management
                                               considers the corresponding interest rate exposure will not have any material impact to the Group given the low level
                                               of borrowing. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
                                               movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through other
                                               comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and trade payables denominated in United States dollars.
                                               The trade payables denominated in United States dollars is partially hedged with our deposits in United States dollars.




  10
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2024, the Group provided performance guarantees of $469 million (30 June 2024: $523 million).


Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
The Group had 1,693 full-time employees as at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: 1,756), with the majority of
them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $357 million for the period ended 31 December 2024 (first half of
2023/24: $353 million).

Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the period
under review, no unvested shares (30 June 2024: Nil) were outstanding as at 31 December 2024.

The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. As at 31 December 2024, 4,000,000 share options were
outstanding (30 June 2024: 4,000,000).




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                     11
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 71)
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
                                               October 1996. He is also the chairman of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain
                                               subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s
                                               degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration
                                               from Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of
                                               Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of
                                               SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai
                                               Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
                                               Kwok did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director (Age: 75)
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
                                               Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
                                               Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
                                               Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
                                               Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
                                               director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
                                               Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of Tianjin Development
                                               Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a member of the Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of
                                               Hong Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
                                               council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
                                               a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
                                               Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                               University in 2016.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
                                               Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




  12
                                                                                DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director (Age: 56)
Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was redesignated as
Executive Director in August 2020. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee and the Remuneration
Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Fung was a visiting Assistant Professor of History
at Brown University. From 1997 to 2013, He worked in McKinsey & Company Hong Kong, where he became the
managing partner and director.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-
property related portfolio investments. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman
and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive director of Transport International
Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board.
He has also been elected a professor of practice at The Hong Kong Management Association and a member of its
Executive Committee.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
Fung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (Age: 43)
Ms. Fiona Lau has been an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2023.
Ms. Lau is also a member of the Board Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries
of the Company. Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from The University of Chicago.

Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Lau was the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
and had taken up various leadership roles in business development, corporate strategy, sales and marketing, product
development and investor relations. Ms. Lau was appointed as an executive director of SUNeVision in October 2019
and redesignated as a non-executive director of SUNeVision on 15 February 2023.

Ms. Lau joined Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), the substantial shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong) in June 2017.
Prior to joining SHKP, Ms. Lau was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held various
senior positions across the chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions during 2010
to 2017. From 2005 to 2010, she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

Ms. Lau has been an independent non-executive director of Octopus Holdings Limited, Octopus Cards Limited and
Octopus Cards Client Funds Limited since January 2025. She is also a member of the Remuneration Committee
thereof.




                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Ms. Lau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payments, and director’s fee of
HK$6,541,000, HK$3,831,000, HK$1,361,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.



                                                                                                                             13
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director (Age: 64)
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He is also a member of the Board
                                               Supervisory Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chau is a member
                                               of The Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical
                                               Engineers, UK.

                                               Mr. Chau has been with the Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made
                                               Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications
                                               technology strategy, roadmap and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.
                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry-leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                               Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK). Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the
                                               Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
                                               contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s fee of HK$7,271,000,
                                               HK$1,800,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  14
                                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director (Age: 73)
Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience of operating at
board level in an international environment. He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants
(UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK).

Mr. Prince is a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited
and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai
Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong).

Mr. Prince served as a non-executive director and a member of both the Audit and Governance Committees at Adecco
SA, a global leader in human resources services, until his retirement in April 2024. During his tenure, he played a
key role in establishing a joint venture with Beijing Foreign Enterprise Human Resources Service Co., Ltd. (FESCO)
to provide HR services in China, and he also served as a member of the joint venture’s board. In recognition of his
contributions, Mr. Prince was honored in 2024 with the Magnolia Silver Award by the Shanghai Municipal People’s
Government.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000,
he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it
was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW
to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles
for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr.
Prince did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director (Age: 71)
Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. He is also a member of the Board Supervisory
Committee of the Company. Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in
Information Systems. He is a Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson Group (until June 2018), which is a major transport infrastructure
services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
Hong Kong), and is currently a senior consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Siu




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                          15
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               POON Sun-cheong, Patrick Non-Executive Director (Age: 77)
                                               Dr. Patrick Poon, SBS, LLD, BSc, FIFA, was appointed Director of the Company in April 2024. Dr. Poon is Chairman of
                                               Shing Cheong Charitable Foundation Limited, Harvest SCP Group Company Limited and Master Insight Media Limited.

                                               Dr. Poon has had a 40-year career in the life insurance industry since 1972, starting as an actuarial trainee at AIA
                                               Hong Kong. He qualified as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries in 1975 and served management and CEO positions
                                               in AIA, Aetna Taiwan, Aetna International, ING group and China Pacific Life Insurance before his retirement in 2011.
                                               He was Independent Non-Executive Director of Hang Seng Insurance Company Limited in Hong Kong (2012–2022).

                                               Dr. Poon is a Governor of The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong and Chairman of its Foundation. He is also
                                               Honorary Chairman of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Foundation and Deputy Chairman of The University
                                               of Hong Kong Foundation. He is Charter President of the Rotary Club of Hong Kong Harbour and President of The
                                               Association of Zhong Shan Siulamese in Hong Kong. He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Sinfonietta (2021-2023)
                                               and President of the Hong Kong Professionals and Senior Executives Association (2022–2024). Dr. Poon has been an
                                               independent consultant to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung
                                               Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
                                               and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since May 2024.

                                               Dr. Poon is a well-known philanthropist with donations mainly in the area of supporting tertiary education and
                                               community service.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Dr. Poon received a fee of HK$32,000. Except for the above fee, Dr. Poon
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 71)
                                               Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed Director of
                                               the Company in October 1996. He is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the
                                               Company. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

                                               Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of
                                               the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of
                                               Hong Kong). He is also an independent non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s
                                               International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Dr. Li was a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
                                               Consultative Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its
                                               Public Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
                                               convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
                                               the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.




  16
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 75)
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. He is also a member of the Remuneration
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
executive director of Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018, an independent non-
executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2022, and an independent non-executive
director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited from 2013 to December 2024.

Mr. Ng was a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s
Republic of China. He was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by
the HKSAR government in 2004.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.


GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 61)
Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. He is also chairman of the Nomination
Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Gan is the Chief Executive Officer of
Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software used to detect anomalous activity on
networks and systems.

Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. in 2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank
Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                       17
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 50)
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017. He graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law
                                               from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of
                                               Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin Franklin Scholar. Mr. Lam is currently chief
                                               executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of Two Sigma. He is also an
                                               independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

                                               Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s
                                               Asia Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before
                                               McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Lam is chairman of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Lam
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 57)
                                               Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in
                                               International Business from the City University of Hong Kong. Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge
                                               DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in transforming the data center business and building digital
                                               infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With more than 25 years of experience in the IT and telecom
                                               industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in
                                               driving business growth and expanding the data center business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

                                               Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
                                               management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
                                               company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
                                               the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
                                               undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
                                               markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
                                               technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
                                               was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               been a senior advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung
                                               Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
                                               and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), since September 2019.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Lee received a fee of HK$144,000. Except for the above fee, Mr. Lee
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




  18
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 62)
Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022. He is also a member of the Audit Committee
of the Company. Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. He is also Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of
the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region. Mr. Kung is also a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited,
Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) and CCB
International (Holdings) Limited. Mr. Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM,
and a director of CUHK Medical Centre Limited. He has been a China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency
Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, the substantial shareholder of the
Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong
Kong), since October 2019.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kung received a fee of HK$257,000 including the fee for acting as
a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except for the above fee, Mr. Kung did not receive any other
emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                       19
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Notes:

                                               Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
                                               in the last three years in any other public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or
                                               overseas; (2) do not hold any other positions in the Company or its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any
                                               Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

                                               No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, and Mr. Chau
                                               Kam-kun, Stephen), and there is no fixed term for their service with the Company. Their terms of service are subject to retirement by
                                               rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
                                               Rules. They are entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
                                               general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies
                                               listed in Hong Kong.

                                               Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her service as an Executive Director
                                               and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject
                                               to review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
                                               performance bonus the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Lau’s term of
                                               service as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings
                                               in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined
                                               by the Board under the authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment
                                               based on the prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

                                               There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
                                               Company for his service as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
                                               salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
                                               entitled to a discretionary bonus the computation of which is based on his performance and the profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
                                               has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s term of service as a director of
                                               the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
                                               Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
                                               authority granted by the shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on the prevailing
                                               market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

                                               The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
                                               Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2024 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
                                               pages 53 to 56 of this Interim Report.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  20
                                                                                             COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



1. Green 5G Network
  SmarTone is dedicated to environmental protection and promoting sustainable living. By deploying advanced
  technology equipment, smart cooling technology, and utilizing AI-driven and machine learning-based operations
  optimization solution into our mobile network, we have significantly improved our energy efficiency. This
  effort has led to an impressive 36% overall energy efficiency improvement without compromising network
  performance, resulting in a remarkable 3,200 tons reduction in CO2 emissions compared to no energy saving
  initiatives.



           New Technology Equipment          Smart Cooling Technology                              AI/ML Based Optimization

                                                                                                            AI/ML



                                                                                    Mid Infrared
                                                                                    Emission


                                                                         Near
                                                               Visible   Infrared
                                                               Light


                                                 Ultraviolet
                                                 Light




                              Overall Network Energy Efficiency
          Energy Efficiency



                                             36%


                                                                                                             3,200 tons
                  With Energy Saving                                                               Time

                   Without Energy Saving




                                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                              21
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



                                               2. Enhancing Cybersecurity Awareness
                                                 As scams grow increasingly complex and frequent, SmarTone remains committed to protecting customers
                                                 through proactive security measures and timely information. We introduced Hong Kong’s first “Staff Verification
                                                 Code,” a security initiative that empowers customers to verify the identity of SmarTone representatives during
                                                 telephone interactions, ensuring their safety and peace of mind. We also introduced a 24-hour dedicated anti-
                                                 scam WhatsApp hotline where customers can consult our expert team if they suspect their phones have been
                                                 hacked or targeted by scams.

                                                 Our comprehensive “5 Security Tips” program provides anti-fraud guidance directly to customers. This ongoing
                                                 educational initiative equips them with the knowledge and tools needed to identify suspicious communications,
                                                 whether they come in the form of messages, calls, or digital links.




                                                                                                                           24/7 dedicated Anti-Scam
                                                                                                                             WhatsApp hotline to
                                                                                                                              outsmart scammers




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  22
                                                                 COMMUNITY INITIATIVES



3. Environmental Protection
  SmarTone has launched recycling program to reduce electronic waste and promote environmental protection.
  Under the theme “Live SmarT ∙ Rebirth Our Planet ∙ Together for Change”, we have placed recycling boxes
  in our stores to collect unwanted mobile phones, power banks, charging cables, chargers, and phone cases.
  Additionally, we participated in the “Lai See Reuse and Recycle Programme” and encouraged our staff to recycle
  red packets and be environmentally friendly.




4. Supporting the Community
  In collaboration with social welfare organizations, we conduct various community initiatives. These include
  visiting elderly, supporting community tours, and hosting smartphone helpdesk to teach elderly how to use
  smartphones for greater convenience.

  Additionally, we empower the younger generation by supporting programs such as Strive and Rise, which help
  ignite interests in technology and foster personal development.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                   23
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               1. Nurturing Talents
                                                 We provide our team with diverse training and career advancement opportunities, including interdepartmental
                                                 exchanges, skill-building workshops, and educational sessions. These initiatives collectively nurture individual
                                                 growth, helping team members unlock their full potential and enhance their professional skills.




                                               2. Supporting Our Staff
                                                 We are committed to fostering a healthy work-life balance and a supportive work environment. Through our
                                                 Social Club, we promote health, well-being, and a sense of belonging through popular wellness activities,
                                                 allowing employees to make the most of their free time and pursue personal interests.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  24
                                                              REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 26 to 52, which comprises the condensed
consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2024 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and selected
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim
financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
Financial Reporting”.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 26 February 2025


                                                                                                                          25
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                              Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                                                                      Notes          $000             $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                        2,303,422       2,303,463
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                      1,188,116       1,087,032


                                               Revenues                                                                4        3,491,538        3,390,495
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                        (1,162,159)      (1,069,686)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                         (227,014)        (239,811)
                                               Staff costs                                                                       (356,941)        (352,678)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                           7         (466,638)        (487,141)
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         7         (859,274)        (880,344)


                                               Operating profit                                                                  419,512          360,835
                                               Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost              7         (50,000)               –
                                               Finance income                                                          5          38,325           35,071
                                               Finance costs                                                           6         (53,976)         (51,365)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                7         353,861          344,541
                                               Income tax expense                                                      8         (97,203)         (98,749)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                           256,658          245,792


                                               Profit attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                            256,658          245,792


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                 during the period (expressed in cents per share)                      10
                                                 Basic                                                                               23.3             22.2
                                                 Diluted                                                                             23.3             22.2




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                                               notes.

  26
                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                              COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                     Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                            $000             $000

Profit for the period                                                                    256,658         245,792


Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                         (224)             164
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value (loss)/gain on financial asset at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                             (483)           2,147


Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                                            (707)           2,311


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  Company’s shareholders                                                                 255,951         248,103




                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                      27
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            Unaudited     Audited
                                                                                                                          31 December     30 June
                                                                                                                                 2024       2024
                                                                                                                  Notes          $000       $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        12       2,925,862   3,017,019
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                                      94,802      93,304
                                               Contract assets                                                                 44,410      27,647
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                            800,422     867,416
                                               Interest in an associate                                                             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                 6,168       6,651
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                               2,297      28,305
                                               Intangible assets                                                   13       3,721,410   3,958,076
                                               Deposits and prepayments and other receivables                                 169,369     151,420
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                                       2,939       3,128


                                               Total non-current assets                                                     7,767,682   8,152,969


                                               Current assets
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,649,667   1,576,915
                                               Contract assets                                                                 99,785     101,830
                                               Trade receivables                                                   14         435,479     410,315
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                                       231,394     259,858
                                               Other receivables                                                              119,699      83,793
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                                   –     100,817
                                               Inventories                                                                    252,351     107,069
                                               Tax reserve certificate                                                        384,709     384,709


                                               Total current assets                                                         3,173,084   3,025,306


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                                                      15         353,941    366,208




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Other payables and accruals                                                    559,971    747,888
                                               Contract liabilities                                                           420,516    397,804
                                               Lease liabilities                                                              509,213    543,633
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                                 745,258    657,806
                                               Bank borrowings                                                     16           2,824      2,200
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                           231,132    228,366


                                               Total current liabilities                                                    2,822,855   2,943,905




  28
                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                  As at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited             Audited
                                                                               31 December             30 June
                                                                                      2024               2024
                                                                     Notes            $000               $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                                          51,988           51,811
Contract liabilities                                                                   3,981            8,496
Lease liabilities                                                                    314,189          355,743
Bank borrowings                                                       16              58,776           61,600
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                               2,277,423        2,412,756
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      163,866          158,315


Total non-current liabilities                                                      2,870,223        3,048,721


Net assets                                                                         5,247,688        5,185,649


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                         17             110,191          110,226
Reserves                                                                           5,137,497        5,075,423


Total equity                                                                       5,247,688        5,185,649




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                                                 29
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                                                   $000             $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities                                             971,967           999,892
                                                 Income tax paid                                                                 (4,006)         (127,127)
                                                 Purchase of tax reserve certificate                                                  –            (25,159)


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        967,961          847,606


                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                           (333,014)        (315,988)
                                                 Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                            (163,711)        (159,821)
                                                 Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost             11,212           36,835
                                                 Proceeds from redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                   62,500                –
                                                 Other investing activities                                                       42,618           36,454


                                               Net cash outflow from investing activities                                       (380,395)        (402,520)


                                               Cash flows from financing activities
                                                 Payment for repurchase of shares                                                 (1,410)          (12,038)
                                                 Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (2,200)           (2,200)
                                                 Principal elements of lease payments                                           (318,205)        (345,127)
                                                 Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                   (192,860)        (193,117)


                                               Net cash outflow from financing activities                                       (514,675)        (552,482)


                                               Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               72,891         (107,396)

                                               Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                               (139)                5

                                               Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                             1,576,915        1,155,152




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                        1,649,667        1,047,761




                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                                               notes.


  30
                                                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                          For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                                          Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                              Employee
                                                                                            Capital                         share-based
                                                     Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption        Contributed     compensation       Exchange     Retained
                                                    capital    premium        reserve       reserve           surplus            reserve       reserve      profits       Total
                                                     $000         $000          $000          $000               $000              $000          $000        $000         $000


At 1 July 2023                                     110,646    1,647,004        5,393        17,519              1,127                  248     (2,613)   3,305,163    5,084,487


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                                    –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     245,792      245,792
Other comprehensive income
Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                     –           –         2,147             –                  –                    –          –            –        2,147
Currency translation differences                         –           –             –             –                  –                    –        164            –          164


Total comprehensive income for the period
  ended 31 December 2023                                 –           –         2,147             –                  –                    –        164     245,792      248,103


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                                     –           –             –             –                  –                  746          –            –          746
Repurchase of shares                                  (298)          –             –           298                  –                    –          –      (12,038)     (12,038)
Payment of 2023 final dividend                           –           –             –             –                  –                    –          –     (193,117)    (193,117)


Total transactions with owners                        (298)          –             –           298                  –                  746          –     (205,155)    (204,409)


At 31 December 2023                                110,348    1,647,004        7,540        17,817              1,127                  994     (2,449)   3,345,800    5,128,181




                                                                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                                                                                   31
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                                                        Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                       Employee
                                                                                                                                            Capital                  share-based
                                                                                                   Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption     Contributed compensation          Exchange     Retained
                                                                                                  capital    premium         reserve        reserve        surplus       reserve           reserve      profits        Total
                                                                                                    $000         $000           $000           $000           $000          $000              $000        $000         $000


                                               At 1 July 2024                                     110,226    1,647,004         4,753        17,939           1,127            1,609         (2,501)   3,405,492    5,185,649


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                                    –           –              –             –               –                   –           –     256,658      256,658
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
                                                 through other comprehensive income                     –           –           (483)            –               –                   –           –            –         (483)
                                               Currency translation differences                         –           –              –             –               –                   –        (224)           –         (224)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period
                                                 ended 31 December 2024                                 –           –           (483)            –               –                   –       (224)     256,658      255,951


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                                     –           –              –             –               –              358              –            –          358
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 17(a))                      (35)          –              –            35               –                –              –       (1,410)      (1,410)
                                               Payment of 2024 final dividend                           –           –              –             –               –                –              –     (192,860)    (192,860)


                                               Total transactions with owners                         (35)          –              –            35               –              358              –     (194,270)    (193,912)


                                               At 31 December 2024                                110,191    1,647,004         4,270        17,974           1,127            1,967         (2,725)   3,467,880    5,247,688




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
                                               accompanying notes.


  32
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




1 General information
  SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
  are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
  in Hong Kong.

  The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
  place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

  The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

  These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (“Interim Financial Statements”) are
  presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have been approved
  for issue by the board of directors on 26 February 2025.


2 Basis of preparation
  These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2024 have been prepared in
  accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These Interim
  Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30
  June 2024, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).
  These Interim Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at
  fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

  The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
  30 June 2024, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendments to
  standards and interpretations to existing standards as set out below.


  (a) Amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
      adopted by the Group
       The Group has applied the following amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards for
       the first time for their annual reporting commencing 1 July 2024.

       HKAS 1 (Amendments)                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
       HKAS 1 (Amendments)                          Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
       HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                        Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
       HK-Interpretation 5 (Revised)                Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                      Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                      Demand Clause
       Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7             Supplier Finance Arrangement




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
       The adoption of these amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards has no significant
       impact on these Interim Financial Statements.

       Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected
       total annual earnings.


                                                                                                                        33
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                   (b) New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted
                                                        Certain new standards and amendments to standards have been published that are not mandatory for 30
                                                        June 2025 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                                                          Associate or Joint Venture1
                                                        HKAS 21 (Amendments)                            Lack of Exchangeability2
                                                        Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                                                          Financial Instruments3
                                                        HKFRS 18                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
                                                        HKFRS 19                                        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures4
                                                        HKFRS Amendments                                Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards3

                                                        1
                                                             To be determined
                                                        2
                                                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
                                                        3
                                                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
                                                        4
                                                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
                                                        interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

                                                        The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
                                                        required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
                                                        financial statements as at 30 June 2024.

                                                        Credit risk
                                                        Impairment
                                                        Maximum exposure and year-end staging
                                                        The tables provide an update to show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        on the Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information
                                                        was available without undue cost or effort, and staging classification as at 31 December 2024 and 30 June
                                                        2024. For financial assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored them by using external credit ratings
                                                        and the amounts presented below are gross carrying amount.




  34
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
     Credit risk (continued)
     Impairment (continued)


                                                   12-month
                                                        ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                     Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3             Total
                                                        $000             $000          $000             $000

     At 31 December 2024
     Financial assets at amortized cost                      –               –        283,746         283,746


     At 30 June 2024
     Financial assets at amortized cost                63,876          39,824         256,870         360,570


     During the period, the following loss allowances were recognized in consolidated profit and loss account in
     relation to the Group’s financial assets measured at amortized costs.

                                                   12-month
                                                        ECLs            Lifetime ECLs
                                                     Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3             Total
                                                        $000             $000          $000             $000

     At 1 July 2024                                          –               –        231,448         231,448
     Increase in loss allowance recognised in
       consolidated profit and loss during the
       period                                                –               –         50,000          50,000


     At 31 December 2024                                     –               –        281,448         281,448


     For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
     based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime expected
     credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent available financial
     information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at amortized cost under
     Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected value as a whole.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                   35
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        Credit risk (continued)
                                                        Impairment (continued)
                                                        After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
                                                        weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                        The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
                                                        amortized cost under stage 3:

                                                                                                                       Changes
                                                                                                                          in ECL
                                                                                                                    recorded in
                                                                                                                     profit and
                                                                                                                    loss for the ECL balance
                                                                                                                  period ended          as at
                                                                                                                  31 December 31 December                        Scenario Payment
                                                        Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating             2024        2024 Scenario          probability terms
                                                                                               % 31 December 2024            $M          $M                             %

                                                        Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% WR                         9.1        108.1 – Restructuring     1%–98% 6
                                                                     9 June 2024                                                             – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                             – Liquidation
                                                        Issuer 2   28 March 2024 –   6.45%–6.55% WR                         9.1         91.3 – Restructuring   0.25%–98% 2–6
                                                                     7 November 2024                                                         – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                             – Liquidation
                                                        Issuer 3   1 September 2023        7.88% WR                         5.8         56.0 – Restructuring     1%–98% 2–7
                                                                                                                                             – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                             – Liquidation
                                                        Issuer 4   30 March 2028           6.70% WR                        26.0         26.0 – Restructuring     1%–65% –
                                                                                                                                             – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                             – Liquidation

                                                                                                                           50.0        281.4




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  36
                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                            INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
     Credit risk (continued)
     Impairment (continued)

                                                                      Changes
                                                                         in ECL
                                                                   recorded in
                                                                     profit and
                                                                   loss for the ECL balance
                                                                   year ended          as at                   Scenario Payment
     Issuer     Maturity dates       Coupon rate Credit rating   30 June 2024 30 June 2024 Scenario          probability terms
                                              % 30 June 2024                $M          $M                           %

     Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –     6.5%–7.5% WR                          –          99.0 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 7
                  9 June 2024                                                              – Straight sale
                                                                                           – Liquidation
     Issuer 2   28 March 2024 –   6.45%–6.55% WR                           –          82.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 5
                  7 November 2024                                                          – Straight sale
                                                                                           – Liquidation
     Issuer 3   1 September 2023          7.88% WR                         –          50.2 – Restructuring   2.5%–60% 2–7
                                                                                           – Straight sale
                                                                                           – Liquidation

                                                                           –         231.4


  (b) Fair value estimation
     This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
     values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
     the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
     the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
     the table.




                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                                  37
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
                                                   (b) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognized at fair value at 31
                                                        December 2024 and 30 June 2024.

                                                                                                             Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                                                               $000             $000             $000              $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value through other
                                                           comprehensive income

                                                        At 31 December 2024 (Unaudited)                             –           6,168                 –            6,168


                                                        At 30 June 2024 (Audited)                                   –           6,651                 –            6,651


                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
                                                        period.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
                                                        asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




  38
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Revenues
  Revenues include income generated from the provision of mobile telecommunications services, and the sales of
  handsets and accessories. In the current period, it also includes a one-off income totaling $51 million in respect
  of exiting from Macau. An analysis of revenues is as follows:

                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Mobile telecommunications services                                                 2,303,422         2,303,463
  Handsets and accessories sales                                                     1,188,116         1,087,032


                                                                                     3,491,538         3,390,495


  The Group’s revenues from the provisions of services and delivery of goods by timing of satisfaction of
  performance obligations are as follows:

                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Timing of revenue recognition:
  Over time                                                                          2,303,422         2,303,463
  At a point in time                                                                 1,188,116         1,087,032


                                                                                     3,491,538         3,390,495


  In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s chief operating
  decision-maker for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified
  only one reportable segment, which is mobile telecommunications business.




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                       39
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Finance income
                                                                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                                                       $000             $000

                                                   Interest income from bank deposits                                                36,811            31,109
                                                   Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                            1,514             3,962


                                                                                                                                     38,325            35,071


                                               6 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                                                       $000             $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                       1,085            1,185
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                           31,144            33,101
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                              21,469            13,731
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                      262               933
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 9)                                    16                37
                                                   Loss on early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                         –             2,378


                                                                                                                                     53,976            51,365


                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
                                                   retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
                                                   allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  40
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




7 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                          $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                    271,393          288,324
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                   22,324           15,081
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                     2,020             1,846
    – Net exchange loss/(gain) (note 9)                                                    296            (1,238)
    – Others                                                                           170,605          183,128
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                       3,109             7,296
  Gain on derecognition right-of-use assets                                               (412)                –
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                         268,307          264,083
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  309,840          327,477
  Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                             236,666          236,666
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                            41,764           44,822
  Share-based payments                                                                     358               746
  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                            50,000                 –




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                    41
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               8 Income tax expense
                                                                                                                             Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                                                    $000             $000

                                                   Current income tax
                                                     Hong Kong profits tax                                                        90,365           84,658
                                                     Non-Hong Kong tax                                                             1,099              974
                                                   Under-provision in prior years
                                                     Hong Kong profits tax                                                              –             496


                                                   Total current income tax expense                                               91,464           86,128

                                                   Deferred income tax expense                                                      5,739          12,621


                                                   Income tax expense                                                             97,203           98,749


                                                   Income tax expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
                                                   rate expected for the full financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  42
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9 Net exchange loss/(gain)
  The exchange differences charged/(credited) to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included
  as follows:

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 7)                                                296             (1,238)
  Finance costs (note 6)                                                                 16                 37


                                                                                        312             (1,201)


10 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

       •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

       •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
            shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                     Cents              Cents

       Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  23.3              22.2




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                   43
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Earnings per share (continued)
                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  23.3              22.2


                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                        Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
                                                          basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      256,658            245,792




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  44
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                    Number             Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used
        as the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
        (less shares held for share award scheme)                              1,102,126,623     1,104,918,857
      Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
        Effect of awarded shares                                                            –             4,320


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
       ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                              1,102,126,623     1,104,923,177


11 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period

                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2023: 14.5 cents)
         per fully paid share                                                        159,778            160,004


      At a meeting held on 26 February 2025, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
      paid share for the year ending 30 June 2025. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
      payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits
      for the year ending 30 June 2025.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
      of these Interim Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                     45
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               11 Dividends (continued)
                                                   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period

                                                                                                                               Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                                      $000             $000

                                                        Final dividend of 17.5 cents (2023: 17.5 cents) per fully paid share       192,860          193,117


                                               12 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                      $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2024                                                         3,017,019
                                                   Additions                                                                                        183,811
                                                   Disposals                                                                                         (6,554)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                                (107)
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                    (268,307)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2024                                                    2,925,862


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2023                                                         2,925,297
                                                   Additions                                                                                        244,982
                                                   Disposals                                                                                          (7,923)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                                  112
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                    (264,083)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2023                                                    2,898,385




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2024, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
                                                   and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $122,648,000 (2023: $192,491,000).

                                                   At 31 December 2024, buildings with carrying amount of $61,771,000 (30 June 2024: $62,990,000) were
                                                   pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).




  46
                          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




13 Intangible assets
                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                       Spectrum
                                                                  utilization fee
                                                                            $000

  Opening net book amount at 1 July 2024                             3,958,076
  Amortization                                                        (236,666)


  Closing net book amount at 31 December 2024                        3,721,410


  Opening net book amount at 1 July 2023                             4,431,409
  Amortization                                                        (236,666)


  Closing net book amount at 31 December 2023                        4,194,743


14 Trade receivables
                                                   Unaudited            Audited
                                                 31 December            30 June
                                                        2024              2024
                                                        $000              $000

  Trade receivables                                   440,045          415,452
  Less: loss allowance                                 (4,566)          (5,137)


                                                      435,479          410,315




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                    47
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               14 Trade receivables (continued)
                                                   The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
                                                   of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                                                                          2024                2024
                                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                   Current to 30 days                                                                    316,742           323,423
                                                   31–60 days                                                                             18,460            14,989
                                                   61–90 days                                                                             14,641            10,152
                                                   Over 90 days                                                                           85,636            61,751


                                                                                                                                         435,479           410,315


                                                   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                                                   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $2,020,000 (2023:
                                                   $1,846,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2024.


                                               15 Trade payables
                                                   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                                                                          2024                2024
                                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                   Current to 30 days                                                                    160,225           146,192
                                                   31–60 days                                                                            102,877            81,128
                                                   61–90 days                                                                             42,819            52,846
                                                   Over 90 days                                                                           48,020            86,042




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         353,941           366,208




  48
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




16 Bank borrowings
                                         Unaudited                                      Audited
                                     31 December 2024                                 30 June 2024
                               Current Non-current              Total         Current Non-current             Total
                                 $000        $000               $000            $000         $000             $000

  Secured bank
    borrowings                    2,824         58,776         61,600             2,200      61,600         63,800


  The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
  values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair value of the bank borrowings included under non-
  current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at
  the period end date for similar borrowings is as follows:

                                                   Level 1            Level 2             Level 3            Total
                                                     $000               $000                $000             $000

  At 31 December 2024
  Secured bank borrowings                                –              58,776                  –           58,776


                                                    Level 1             Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                      $000                $000              $000              $000

  At 30 June 2024
  Secured bank borrowings                                –              61,600                  –           61,600


  At 31 December 2024, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
  June 2024: same).




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                        49
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               17 Share capital
                                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                                   Shares of
                                                                                                                                  $0.1 each            $000

                                                   Authorized
                                                   At 1 July 2023, 30 June 2024, 1 July 2024 and 31 December 2024            2,000,000,000          200,000


                                                   Issued and fully paid
                                                   At 1 July 2024                                                            1,102,259,101          110,226
                                                   Repurchase of shares (a)                                                       (345,000)             (35)


                                                   At 31 December 2024                                                       1,101,914,101          110,191


                                                   At 1 July 2023                                                            1,106,464,601          110,646
                                                   Repurchase of shares                                                         (2,988,000)            (298)


                                                   At 31 December 2023                                                       1,103,476,601          110,348


                                                   (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 345,000 shares
                                                         on the SEHK. The amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $1,410,000 was deducted from equity
                                                         attributable to equity holders.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  50
                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                  INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Share option scheme
  (a) Movements in share options

                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                  Average
                                                                             exercise price     Numbers of
                                                                                 per share    share options

     At 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2024                                           $4.96          4,000,000


     At 31 December 2024, 1,200,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per
     share.


  (b) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet
      date

                                                                               Unaudited           Audited
                                                                             31 December           30 June
                                                                   Exercise         2024              2024
                                                                       price   Number of        Number of
     Date of grant        Exercise period                         per share share options     share options

     21 April 2023        21 April 2024 to 20 April 2028             $4.96        4,000,000        4,000,000


  (c) Details of share options exercised
     No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                               51
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                   (a) Capital commitments

                                                                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                                                                          2024                2024
                                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                        Fixed assets
                                                           Contracted for                                                                 77,507             30,241


                                                   (b) Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                                                                          2024                2024
                                                                                                                                          $000                $000

                                                        Performance guarantees                                                           468,883           522,500


                                               20 Related party transactions
                                                   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.26% of the Company’s shares as at
                                                   31 December 2024. The remaining 30.74% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.92% is held by another
                                                   subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong.

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Group had transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and
                                                   associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business. All related party transactions are carried out in accordance
                                                   with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions. These transactions are not significant to
                                                   the Group’s Interim Financial Statements.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  52
                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2024 (2023:
14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Friday, 21 March 2025 to shareholders whose
names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Wednesday, 12 March 2025.


Closure of register of members
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Wednesday, 12 March 2025. For determining the
entitlement to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on
Wednesday, 12 March 2025 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim
dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share
Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 11 March
2025.


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant
to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix
C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and
SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                           Number of shares held
                                     Personal                                  Number of
                                     interests                                 underlying                      % of
                                      (held as                                shares held                    issued
                                    beneficial        Other                  under equity                    voting
     Name of Director                  owner)      interests           Total  derivatives            Total   shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                –     5,162,3371       5,162,337               –     5,162,337     0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen              437,359             –         437,359                –      437,359      0.04

     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                   –             –               –        4,000,0002    4,000,000     0.36




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
                                                                                    (Personal
                                                                                  interests in
                                                                               share options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen            146,000        11,0003        157,000                –      157,000      0.01



                                                                                                                       53
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   Notes:

                                                   1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
                                                        beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                   2.   These underlying shares of the Company held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for
                                                        the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company under its share option scheme.
                                                        Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the
                                                        section titled “Share option scheme”.

                                                   3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company

                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)


                                                                                                   Number of shares held
                                                                                            Personal                                      Number of
                                                                                            interests                                     underlying                     % of
                                                                                             (held as                                    shares held                   issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                     under equity                   voting
                                                        Name of Director                      owner)       interests         Total       derivatives         Total     shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    611,563,9911   613,332,734                 –   613,332,734      21.17
                                                                                                          1,580,0002

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000              –          1,000                 –         1,000       0.00

                                                        David Norman Prince                    2,000              –          2,000                 –         2,000       0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003         7,000                 –         7,000       0.00

                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284         4,028                 –         4,028       0.00




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in 42,317,805 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being
                                                              a founder and a beneficiary of two discretionary trusts and 569,246,186 shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




  54
                                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)


                                                            Number of shares held
                                                    Personal                                               Number of
                                                    interests                                              underlying                                    % of
                                                     (held as                                             shares held                                  issued
                                                   beneficial            Other                           under equity                                  voting
    Name of Director                                  owner)          interests              Total        derivatives                 Total            shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                 –        3,485,0001        3,485,000                        –        3,485,000                0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                            4,000,000                     –     4,000,000              4,000,0002         8,000,000                0.34

    Lau Yuek-hung, Fiona                                    –                    –                   –        3,700,0002         3,700,000                0.16

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                             50,000                     –         50,000                       –            50,000               0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded
          for the time being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option
          scheme. Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2024 were
          as follows:

                                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/      Balance
                                                                                          Balance          Granted       Exercised        Lapsed          as at
                                                      Exercise                               as at           during         during         during 31 December
          Name of Director       Date of grant           price   Exercise period*     1 July 2024        the period     the period     the period         2024
                                                             $

          Fung Yuk-lun, Allen    4 May 2022             6.532    4 May 2023 to         4,000,000                 –              –              –      4,000,000
                                                                   3 May 2027

          Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   5 May 2021             7.982    5 May 2022 to         2,500,000                 –              –              –      2,500,000
                                                                   4 May 2026

                                 12 January 2023        4.514    12 January 2024 to    1,200,000                 –              –              –      1,200,000
                                                                   11 January 2028

          *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                                                                  55
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                    (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                        associated corporations:


                                                                                                                                                               Actual %
                                                                                                                                       Actual shares         of interests
                                                                                                                                       held through             in issued
                                                         Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation        voting shares


                                                         Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                251               25.00

                                                         Tinyau Company Limited                                                                      11              50.00

                                                         Open Step Limited                                                                           81              80.00

                                                         Vivid Synergy Limited                                                          963,536,9001                 20.00

                                                         Note:

                                                         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                              certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                               interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and SEHK
                                               pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
                                               deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
                                               Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to
                                               the Model Code.


                                               Share option scheme
                                               The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company
                                               held on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
                                               Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
                                               by SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.




  56
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Movements of the share options granted to the participant(s) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the six
months ended 31 December 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                 Balance
                                                                         Balance      Granted     Exercised      Canceled         Lapsed            as at
                                       Exercise                             as at       during       during         during         during   31 December
Grantee                Date of grant      price   Exercise period    1 July 2024    the period   the period     the period     the period           2024
                                              $


Director
Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964    21 April 2024 to    4,000,000             –            –                 –           –       4,000,000
                                                    20 April 20281

Note:

1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the
       grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of the
       date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.


Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
canceled or lapsed during the period.

The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
105,898,860 on both 1 July 2024 and 31 December 2024.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for
the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired by a
trustee from the market at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each
vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are not
required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of the Company will be issued
under the Share Award Scheme.

There were no unvested awarded shares as of 1 July 2024. No shares were granted, vested, canceled or lapsed under
the Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2024.

The number of shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was 107,171,217
on both 1 July 2024 and 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024/25


                                                                                                                                                            57
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                          Total number         % of issued
                                               Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               73.18%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      807,292,867               73.26%

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
                                                    deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares in the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.


                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
                                               Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
                                               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
                                               the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




  58
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased 345,000 shares of the Company on
SEHK. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2024. Details of the repurchases were as
follows:


                                                          Number
                                                         of shares           Price per share            Aggregate
Month of repurchase                                   repurchased          Highest          Lowest       price paid
                                                                                 $               $                $


October 2024                                               203,000             4.19            4.17         848,000
November 2024                                              142,000             3.97            3.94         562,000


                                                           345,000                                        1,410,000


The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2024 was there any purchase, sale or
redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board.
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung. All the members of the Committee are
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or
financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 19 February 2025 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2024 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and
the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2024 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024/25
the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                         59
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Corporate governance
                                               The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2024, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
                                               out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for
                                               the following deviation:

                                               Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
                                               directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung, Independent Non-Executive Directors, were unable to attend the
                                               annual general meeting of the Company held on 5 November 2024 due to overseas commitments or other prior
                                               engagements. The remaining nine Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing
                                               82% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said
                                               meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders.

                                               The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
                                               with the CG Code.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
                                               Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
                                               during the six months ended 31 December 2024, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
                                               Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                                               Company Secretary

                                               Hong Kong, 26 February 2025




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman),
                                               Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are
                                               Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE,
                                               Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Dr. POON Sun-cheong, Patrick; Independent Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-
                                               cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny, Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel
                                               and Mr. Peter KUNG.




  60
