ABOUT US



SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong Kong since 1996
and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a leading telecommunications provider
with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile
broadband services, as well as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate
markets. SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience through our
high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined with innovation, passion
and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and consumer
products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and feel smarter everyday. This
strong presence is also backed by expert technical know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong,
our 5 core brands and our innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Business Highlights                                        2
Chairman’s Statement                                       6
Management Discussion and Analysis                         8
Directors Profile                                          11
Staff Engagement                                           19
Community Initiatives                                      20
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          23
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             24
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   25
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       26
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             28
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      29
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim                31
Financial Statements
Other Information                                          47




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                    1
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


                                               Leveraging new technologies and 5G, we aspire to be our
                                               customers’ “trusted partner in digital life”.

                                               1. Technology Leadership
                                                 SmarTone’s 5G network covers the airport, major ports, all MTR stations, and all 23 road tunnels in Hong Kong.
                                                 We have further upgraded the existing 5G network that already covers Hong Kong International Airport by
                                                 adding the 3.5GHz “5G golden frequency band”. We have also exclusively deployed the 850MHz frequency
                                                 band within MTR stations and added small cells at various event venues in the city, bringing the best network
                                                 experience to our customers.




                                                                                                       Road tunnels




                                                                            Major ports
                                                                                                                                MTR stations




                                                                    Major routes
                                                                                                                                    Event hot spots




                                                                                          Shopping malls
                                                                                                                      Airport



                                                 SmarTone’s 5G network quality leads the market. In the inaugural “Kantar BrandZ Top 30 Hong Kong Brands”




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 report, SmarTone was the only mobile operator crowned the “Strongest Communications Brand in Hong Kong”.
                                                 Additionally, SmarTone received the “Best 5G Mobile Network Operator” from a credible industry organization.




  2
                                                                BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


2. Empowering Innovation
  SmarTone’s enterprise solutions arm, SmarTone Solutions, empowers businesses to integrate emerging
  technologies that drive digital transformation, pushing Hong Kong’s smart city development. SmarTone’s
  SmarTransport Solution was shortlisted in the top 5 of “Best Mobile Innovation for Digital Life” at the
  internationally acclaimed Global Mobile Awards.



               Smart Construction                                      SmarTransport




          SmartHome                                                               SmartMall




                   SmartHotel                                           SmartHealth




3. Customer-Centric Strategy
  SmarTone’s high-quality services have been widely recognized by the industry and we are the only mobile
  operator to win two gold awards in the “2023 Service Talent Award” organized by the Hong Kong Retail
  Management Association.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


                                                 SmarTone understands that each customer has unique needs and expectations, and we provide tailored
                                                 products and services based on different customer segments such as families and travelers. We regularly send
                                                 representatives to popular overseas travel destinations to conduct testing and ensure excellent network
                                                 performance.




                                                 SmarTone Home 5G Broadband successfully redefined the home broadband market and addressed the needs of
                                                 village houses and Chinese mansion households enduring slow speed narrowband connections. We are the first
                                                 operator to launch a mobile app for the best user experience at home.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone has always placed a strong emphasis on network security. We offer a variety of network protection
                                                 services to our customers, including “Data Guard“, “Call Guard”, and “Add-On Number”, ensuring
                                                 comprehensive privacy, network, and call security for our customers. Since its launch, “Call Guard” has
                                                 successfully blocked over 300 million nuisance calls.




  4
                                                                       BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


   The SmarTone Plus membership program offers superior privileges to customers, including a range of specially
   curated celebrations, year-round rewards, and remarkable experiences.




4. Digitalization
   Our full digital brand “Birdie” actively promoted its youthful brand image and customer loyalty by launching
   traveler experiential campaign for university’s student, inviting amateur users to share their travel experiences.




   SmarTone provides customers with a comprehensive range of services and a high-quality customer experience
   through its website, mobile application, and WhatsApp hotline. The newly upgraded version of the CARE App
   features a personalized interface, allowing customers to easily access their account overview and information on
   rewards and promotions. SmarTone’s online store has also been honored with the “Top 10 Quality Trusted
   E-Shops” award by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                            5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               During the period under review, the market experienced strong price competition and a challenging economic
                                               environment. Despite this competitive landscape, SmarTone’s mobile postpaid Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) and
                                               customer base saw an improvement by 1% to $224 and 2.65 million, respectively. 5G customers now represent 38%
                                               of our customer base, with an increase of 5% since December 2022. Service revenue, with the exclusion of Mobile
                                               Virtual Network Operator (MVNO), SMS, and prepaid services, rose by 3%. There are clear headwinds as well:
                                               aggressive price competition has put pressure on the lower-tier market segments, particularly MVNOs; SMS revenue
                                               has also significantly declined as COVID-related messaging went away. For this period, the profit attributable to equity
                                               holders amounted to $246 million.

                                               During the period there was a resurgence in outbound travel resulting in a strong recovery in roaming revenues which
                                               grew by 64% year on year. By December, roaming revenue had reached 86% of its pre-pandemic levels, marking a
                                               consistent quarter over quarter increase since the resumption of travel. This uptrend was driven by a strong demand
                                               for SmarTone’s data roaming products among our premium customers. The proportion of SmarTone customers opting
                                               for our roaming services over third-party alternatives has more than doubled compared to the period before the
                                               pandemic. Our observation indicates that customers are willing to spend on a roaming service that provides reliability,
                                               convenience, and quality while traveling. SmarTone remains dedicated to meeting these expectations and will
                                               continue to invest to further stimulate growth in this sector.

                                               Since its launch in 2020, SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband service has emerged as a material driver of growth for the
                                               Company. It offers an advantageous alternative for households lacking fiber connectivity, providing a faster, more
                                               affordable, and convenient service. Additionally, an increasing number of individuals, together with small to medium-
                                               sized enterprises (SMEs), are subscribing to this service, as they are attracted by the service’s flexibility, ease of
                                               installation, and cost-effectiveness.

                                               Throughout the review period, SmarTone’s Enterprise Solutions division continued to deliver solid growth. The
                                               SmartHome solution was introduced in partnership with the SHKP Group in December 2023. This innovative offering
                                               leverages SmarTone’s pre-installed estate-wide 5G network, coupled with a smart home platform and an in-wall Wi-Fi
                                               6 network system, to enable homeowners to effortlessly connect devices for an unmatched smart living experience.
                                               Looking ahead, we are committed to pioneering new ideas, investing in our platform and product development, and
                                               expanding this emerging market in collaboration with the SHKP Group.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Persistently high inflation and a demanding macroeconomic landscape have exerted pressure on operating costs.
                                               Although our spectrum costs remain substantial, such expenses have peaked and are expected to gradually decrease
                                               moving forward. Management is dedicated to maintaining stable operating expenses by enhancing efficiency and
                                               productivity. Upholding a rigorous cost discipline without compromising quality remains a critical strategy for ensuring
                                               the Company’s enduring resilience and allocation of resources towards future expansion.

                                               SmarTone has solidified its leadership in the premium consumer market, earning widespread recognition for its
                                               exceptional network quality, outstanding customer service, and status as a leading brand. In December 2023, the
                                               Company was awarded the “Best 5G Mobile Network Operator” by the Communications Association of Hong Kong
                                               (CAHK). Additionally, in January 2024, it received the prestigious gold award in the “2023 Service Talent Award”,
                                               organized by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association (HKRMA), for excellent service performance at both
                                               supervisory and junior frontline levels – a unique achievement for a telecommunications service provider in both
                                               categories. Moreover, SmarTone’s online store was distinguished with the HKRMA’s annual “Top 10 Quality Trusted
                                               E-Shops” award. These accolades affirm the Company’s enduring commitment to excellence and service, underscoring
  6                                            its reputation for delivering superior value to its customers.
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Dividend
The Board declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, consistent with last year. With a strong net cash
position of $1 billion, SmarTone stands to benefit from the high interest rate environment.


Outlook
In the short to medium term, the operating landscape is anticipated to remain challenging, influenced by the intensely
competitive mobile sector and sluggish economic conditions. SmarTone’s direction is clear with a focus on reinforcing
its commitment to unparalleled customer service and outstanding network reliability.

At SmarTone, we have the aspiration to enable our customers to enjoy the benefits of new technologies and digital
applications. These days everyone talks about digitization and artificial intelligence (AI), but in reality for the average
user, these trends may feel remote and have little relevance to daily lives. This is not surprising — many of our users
do not have the expertise to select the most useful applications, and some fear they will be exposed to cyber-security
threats if they try new applications. We aspire to bridge that gap. In the coming year, we are excited to roll out a
series of initiatives designed to enhance our customers’ ability to use their mobile devices more effectively and safely.
We will also offer valuable tips and tools aimed at encouraging them to embrace a broader range of technology in
their daily lives. This will enhance their productivity, personal enjoyment and privacy, no matter which life stage our
customer is at. At the end of the day, we aspire to be more than a network provider — we want to be our customers’
“trusted partner in digital life”.

SmarTone has invested heavily in building a state-of-the-art 5G network in Hong Kong. We believe this is not just
important for our customers, but is also a critical digital infrastructure for Hong Kong to be a technology hub. By
general recognition, our 5G network is world-class in terms of speed, coverage and reliability. On top of the network
investment, SmarTone pays heavy spectrum fees to the Government. For the past half year alone, the Group paid
approximately $270 million in spectrum fees to the Government; this amount actually exceeded the Group’s overall
net profit for the period. We appreciate the Financial Secretary’s proposal to allow tax deductions for future spectrum
costs, yet we disagree with the decision to exclude current spectrum expenses from this proposal, given that spectrum
costs represent a critical operational expense vital for maintaining network operations — and historically have been
eligible for tax deductions. The absence of tax deductibility on the spectrum held by SmarTone until December 2023
results in a significant fiscal impact, amounting to $538 million on a cumulative basis. Consequently, SmarTone
strongly advocates for the Government to restore tax deductibility to all spectrum costs, ensuring a conducive
environment for investment and development.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during the period.




                                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman
                                                                                                                                  7
Hong Kong, 22 February 2024
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the period under review, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders was $246 million (first half of 2022/23:
                                               $256 million).

                                               The total revenue of the Group was $3,390 million, a drop by 11% as compared to $3,809 million for the same
                                               period last year. The decline was mainly driven by the reduced handset and accessory sales during the period, while
                                               the gross profit from these sales was $17 million, remaining stable when compared with last year. Our total service
                                               revenue was down marginally by 1% year-on-year, while our service revenue excluding revenue from prepaid, MVNO
                                               and SMS businesses has shown a high level of resilience with a growth of 3% over the period. This was mainly driven
                                               by the strong recovery of roaming business together with the continuous growth of our 5G Home Broadband
                                               products and enterprise solutions, which has compensated the pressure from the fierce competition landscape in the
                                               Hong Kong mobile market.

                                               Cost of services provided for the six months ended 31 December 2023 increased by $32 million or 15% to $240
                                               million (first half of 2022/23: $208 million), which was in line with the corresponding increase in revenue from
                                               roaming and enterprise solutions businesses.

                                               The Group has continued to devote significant effort in tightening cost discipline and improving operation efficiency
                                               during the period. Accordingly, our staff costs and other operating expenses were reduced by 2% and 3% year-on-
                                               year, to $353 million and $487 million, respectively.

                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal decreased by $7 million or 1% to $881 million (first half of 2022/23:
                                               $888 million), mainly due to reduced depreciation charges of network equipment given our cautious control over
                                               capital expenditure in recent years.

                                               At the back of the Group’s strong net cash position, our net finance costs (including accretion expenses on spectrum
                                               utilization fee and lease liabilities) was reduced from $35 million for the first half of 2022/23 to $16 million in this
                                               period, amid the full repayment of a guarantee note of $1.4 billion during the second half of last financial year.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $99 million (first half of 2022/23: $100 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
                                               28.7% (first half of 2022/23: 28.1%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               certain related payments have been treated as non-deductible in calculating the tax provision, which contributes to
                                               the Group effective tax rate being higher than 16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and
                                               pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from the Inland Revenue Department.




  8
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was mainly
financed by share capital and internally generated funds. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a total equity of
$5,128 million, including share capital and reserves of $110 million and $5,018 million, respectively.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of
$1,048 million as at 31 December 2023 (30 June 2023: $1,155 million). Total borrowings of the Group was
$64 million as at 31 December 2023, as compared to $66 million as at 30 June 2023.

The Group has generated net cash from operating activities of $848 million during the period ended 31 December
2023. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the period were payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum
utilization fee, leases, taxation and dividends.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2024 with internal cash resources.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved by the board of directors. Surplus
funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits and financial assets
at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf.


Charges on assets
The Group’s bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the carrying amount of the pledged
assets amounted to $64 million as at 31 December 2023 (30 June 2023: $65 million).


Interest rate exposure
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s total borrowing of $64 million is subject to floating interest rate. Management
considers the corresponding interest rate exposure will not have any material impact to the Group given the low level
of borrowing. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency movements,
principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through other




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and trade payables denominated in United States dollars.
The trade payables denominated in United States dollars is partially hedged with our deposits in United States dollars.




                                                                                                                               9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 31 December 2023, the Group provided performance guarantees of $623 million (30 June 2023: $623 million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,783 full-time employees as at 31 December 2023 (30 June 2023: 1,830), with the majority of them
                                               based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $353 million for the period ended 31 December 2023 (first half of
                                               2022/23: $361 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the period
                                               under review, no unvested shares (30 June 2023: Nil) were outstanding as at 31 December 2023.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. As at 31 December 2023, 4,000,000 share options were
                                               outstanding (30 June 2023: 4,000,000).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




10
                                                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and TFS
are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kwok
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore.

Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited and Transport International Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive
director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited. Mr. Cheung was a non-executive director of Tianjin Development Holdings Limited.

Mr. Cheung is currently a member of the Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong
Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the council
of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a
director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University in 2016.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.

                                                                                                                       11
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
                                               Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was re-designated as
                                               Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford
                                               University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
                                               recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to 1994
                                               and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung
                                               worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the managing
                                               partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

                                               Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
                                               (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He is
                                               also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
                                               Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice
                                               president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, and has been elected a Professor of Practice at The Hong
                                               Kong Management Association, and the vice chairman of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited.
                                               Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee of
                                               the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                                               Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Fung
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
                                               Ms. Fiona Lau was appointed Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in February 2023.

                                               Prior to joining SmarTone, Ms. Lau was an executive director and the chief commercial officer of SUNeVision Holdings
                                               Ltd. (“SUNeVision”). Since 2017, she has taken up various sales and business development roles in SUNeVision,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               spearheading the transformation of the company into a customer-centric organization. Ms. Lau is currently a non-
                                               executive director of SUNeVision.

                                               Prior to joining Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited in 2017 and taking up various leadership roles at SUNeVision, Ms. Lau
                                               was a director at BlackRock Asset Management (North Asia), where she held a number of senior positions across the
                                               chairman’s office, corporate strategy, and retail and private banking functions from 2010 to 2017. Between 2005 and
                                               2010 she worked in McKinsey & Company and held the position of engagement manager.

                                               A graduate of The University of Chicago, Ms. Lau holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy.

                                               Ms. Lau is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                                               For the period from 15 February 2023 (date of appointment as a director of the Company) to 30 June 2023, Ms. Lau
                                               received salaries (including allowances and retirement scheme contributions), share-based payment and director’s fee
                                               of HK$2,174,000, HK$248,000 and HK$54,000 respectively.
12
                                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE



CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the Company
since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since 1999. He
has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap and
deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
UK.

Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company Limited
(ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering of
City University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus and director’s fee of HK$7,023,000,
HK$1,800,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                           13
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience of
                                               operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered Institute of
                                               Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-executive
                                               director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai
                                               Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of Adecco SA which is the
                                               global leader in human resources services.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
                                               was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
                                               acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
                                               join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
                                               Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

                                               Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Prince
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson
                                               Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung Kai
                                               Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
                                               than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
                                               and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

                                               Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
                                               Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Siu did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




14
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA, FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed Director
of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.

Dr. Li is a member of the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts
Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-
member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as the
chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other emoluments
during the said financial year.


NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of China (Hong
Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-executive
director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited.

Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic
of China.

Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from
1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community Chest
of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from
2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of
Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
to 2017, a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018 and an independent non-
executive director of Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2022.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
government in 2004.

Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
                                                                                                                        15
emoluments during the said financial year.
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is the Chief Executive Officer of
                                               Cybereason Inc., a provider of endpoint detection and response software used to detect anomalous activity on
                                               networks and systems.

                                               Mr. Gan was the founder and president of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which
                                               became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. in 2013. Mr. Gan was an executive vice president of Softbank
                                               Corp. until he joined Cybereason in April 2023.

                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London.

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as
                                               member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

                                               Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
                                               Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited and Shui On
                                               Xintiandi Limited.

                                               Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s
                                               Asia Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before
                                               McKinsey, Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the Asia
                                               Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Pennsylvania.

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
                                               from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
                                               Franklin Scholar.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lam did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




16
                                                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Lee received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lee did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022.

Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th and 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between
Guangdong, Hong Kong & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union. He is also a member of
the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Economic Advancement) of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region. Mr. Kung has been appointed as a member of the Council of The Chinese University of Hong
Kong with effect from 14 December 2023.

Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also
Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.

Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of ORIX Asia Limited and
Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited, a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. He is also an
independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of CCB International (Holdings) Limited. Mr.
Kung is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of eBRAM. He has been a China Tax Advisor to
Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since October 2019.

Mr. Kung is also a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.
                                                                                                                           17
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Mr. Kung received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kung
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Notes:

                                               Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
                                               in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
                                               in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
                                               or controlling shareholders of the Company.

                                               No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona and Mr. Chau
                                               Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
                                               rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
                                               Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
                                               general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed
                                               in Hong Kong.

                                               Ms. Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona, Executive Director, entered into an agreement with the Group for her serving as an Executive Director
                                               and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Ms. Lau is entitled to a basic salary which is subject to
                                               review by the Board from time to time with reference to her responsibility and performance. She is also entitled to a discretionary
                                               performance bonus, the computation of which is based on her performance and contributions to the Group. Ms. Lau’s appointment
                                               as a director of the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in
                                               accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Ms. Lau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by
                                               the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on
                                               prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

                                               There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
                                               Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
                                               salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
                                               entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
                                               has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of the
                                               Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-
                                               laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
                                               authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
                                               rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

                                               The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
                                               Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2023 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
                                               pages 47 to 50 of this Interim Report.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




18
                                                                        STAFF ENGAGEMENT


1. Grooming Talents
   We provide our employees with diverse training and career development opportunities, including cross-
   departmental exchanges, skills training, and lunchtime learning sessions. Together, these foster the full
   realization of individuals’ potential and professional capabilities for comprehensive development.




2. Caring for Staff
   We promote work-life balance and create a relaxed working environment. We organize a series of holiday
   celebrations and health-related activities, allowing employees to make the most of their free time and pursue
   personal interests.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                   19
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


                                               1. Green 5G Network
                                                 SmarTone has successfully improved its energy efficiency by deploying the latest technologies in its mobile
                                                 network. By modernizing base station hardware and software, we achieved a 25% energy efficiency
                                                 improvement. Additionally, SmarTone utilized an AI-based solution to dynamically adjust power consumption
                                                 based on the traffic pattern, resulting in a further 11% energy efficiency gain without compromising network
                                                 performance. These combined efforts have led to an impressive overall energy efficiency improvement of 36%,
                                                 demonstrating SmarTone’s commitment to sustainability and minimizing energy consumption.


                                                                                                             Traffic Forecasting &
                                                           New Equipment                                     Power Adjustment




                                                                       Energy Efficiency                             Energy Efficiency


                                                                            25%                                         11%
                                                                                         Overall Network Energy Saving
                                                            Energy Saving



                                                                                                       36%




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                    With Energy Saving                                                         Time

                                                                    Without Energy Saving




20
                                                                    COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


2. Raising Awareness of Cybersecurity
  SmarTone has always placed great importance on network security, striving to protect our customers. We have
  introduced Hong Kong’s first “Staff Verification Code” to further protecting customers and minimizing the risk
  associated with phone scams.

  SmarTone safeguards customers comprehensively. We also actively provide up-to-date anti-scam tips through
  the “5 Tips for Security”, regularly reminding customers to stay vigilant and enhance their awareness of network
  security. This helps them identify and respond to increasingly sophisticated fraudulent messages, calls, and links,
  staying safe amid the rising number of fraud cases.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                        21
                                               COMMUNITY INITIATIVES


                                               3. Caring for the Community
                                                 Through collaborations with social welfare organizations such as Gingko House and Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui
                                                 Lok Man Kwok Fung Hin Integrated Service Center, we organize various community activities. These include the
                                                 SMART Elderly Academy, Autumn Warm Meals Distribution, and Elderly-Friendly Mobile Consultation Station.




                                                 In recent times, Hong Kong has experienced severe black rainstorms. In support of affected residents in Shek O,
                                                 SmarTone provided free Home 5G Broadband routers and services to local users.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




22
                                                             REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 24 to 46, which comprises the condensed
consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2023 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and selected
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim
financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
information of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
                                                                                                                        23
Hong Kong, 22 February 2024
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                                                 Notes             $000             $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                       2,303,463        2,333,030
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                     1,087,032        1,475,981


                                               Revenues                                                            4           3,390,495        3,809,011
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                       (1,069,686)      (1,457,910)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                        (239,811)        (207,803)
                                               Staff costs                                                                      (352,678)        (360,871)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                       7            (487,141)        (503,362)
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                     7            (880,344)        (887,692)


                                               Operating profit                                                                 360,835          391,373
                                               Finance income                                                      5             35,071            41,968
                                               Finance costs                                                       6            (51,365)          (77,376)


                                               Profit before income tax                                            7            344,541           355,965
                                               Income tax expense                                                  8            (98,749)         (100,133)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                          245,792          255,832


                                               Profit attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                           245,792          255,832


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s
                                                 shareholders during the period (expressed in cents per share)    10
                                                 Basic                                                                              22.2             23.1




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 Diluted                                                                            22.2             23.1




                                               The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
24                                             notes.
                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                              COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                           For the six months ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                          Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                                 $000             $000

Profit for the period                                                                         245,792         255,832


Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                               164             (664)
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value gain/(loss) on financial asset at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                                       2,147           (8,221)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                                2,311           (8,885)


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  Company’s shareholders                                                                      248,103         246,947




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2023/24

The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.                                                                                                        25
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            Unaudited     Audited
                                                                                                                          31 December     30 June
                                                                                                                                 2023       2023
                                                                                                                  Notes          $000       $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        12       2,898,385   2,925,297
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                                      96,637     101,702
                                               Contract assets                                                                 27,205      32,241
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                            746,921     764,873
                                               Interest in an associate                                                             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                 9,438       7,291
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                                   –     147,832
                                               Intangible assets                                                   13       4,194,743   4,431,409
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                                        94,307      79,326
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                                       5,064       6,447


                                               Total non-current assets                                                     8,072,703   8,496,421


                                               Current assets
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,047,761   1,155,152
                                               Contract assets                                                                100,163      93,287
                                               Trade receivables                                                   14         459,826     351,339
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                                       237,023     252,548
                                               Other receivables                                                               92,537      62,565
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                             129,260      21,749
                                               Inventories                                                                    197,708     106,333
                                               Tax reserve certificate                                                        384,709     359,549


                                               Total current assets                                                         2,648,987   2,402,522




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                                                      15         310,710    317,302
                                               Other payables and accruals                                                    602,241    660,926
                                               Contract liabilities                                                           393,252    357,568
                                               Lease liabilities                                                              487,882    532,088
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                                 570,204    611,198
                                               Bank borrowings                                                     16           2,200      2,200
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                           225,623    222,922


                                               Total current liabilities                                                    2,592,112   2,704,204




26
                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                  As at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2023
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited             Audited
                                                                               31 December             30 June
                                                                                      2023               2023
                                                                     Notes            $000               $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                                          64,285           63,309
Contract liabilities                                                                   9,246            6,940
Lease liabilities                                                                    263,152          254,906
Bank borrowings                                                       16              61,600           63,800
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                               2,448,797        2,578,218
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      154,317          143,079


Total non-current liabilities                                                      3,001,397        3,110,252


Net assets                                                                         5,128,181        5,084,487


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                         17             110,348          110,646
Reserves                                                                           5,017,833        4,973,841


Total equity                                                                       5,128,181        5,084,487




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.        27
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                            Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                                                                   $000             $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities                                              999,892        1,251,181
                                                 Income tax paid                                                                (127,127)          (8,669)
                                                 (Purchase)/redemption of tax reserve certificate                                (25,159)           2,500


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        847,606         1,245,012


                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                           (315,988)        (344,459)
                                                 Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                            (159,821)        (156,024)
                                                 Decrease in short-term deposits                                                       –          159,033
                                                 Proceeds from early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost             36,835                –
                                                 Other investing activities                                                       36,454           24,078


                                               Net cash outflow from investing activities                                       (402,520)        (317,372)


                                               Cash flows from financing activities
                                                 Payment for repurchase of shares                                                (12,038)          (1,463)
                                                 Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (2,200)          (9,614)
                                                 Principal elements of lease payments                                           (345,127)        (314,916)
                                                 Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                   (193,117)        (171,325)


                                               Net cash outflow from financing activities                                       (552,482)        (497,318)


                                               Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                             (107,396)        430,322




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                                  5             (139)

                                               Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                             1,155,152         385,467


                                               Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                        1,047,761         815,650




                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                                               notes.
28
                                                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                        For the six months ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                         Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                           Employee
                                                                                            Capital                      share-based
                                                     Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption    Contributed      compensation       Exchange     Retained
                                                    capital    premium        reserve       reserve       surplus             reserve       reserve      profits       Total
                                                     $000         $000          $000          $000          $000                $000          $000        $000         $000

At 1 July 2022                                     110,579    1,640,986       14,296        17,466            926              1,705        (1,475)   3,369,301    5,153,784


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                                    –           –             –             –               –                    –          –     255,832      255,832
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                     –           –        (8,221)            –               –                    –          –            –       (8,221)
Currency translation differences                         –           –             –             –               –                    –       (664)           –         (664)


Total comprehensive income for the period
  ended 31 December 2022                                 –           –        (8,221)            –               –                    –       (664)    255,832      246,947


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                                     –           –             –             –               –             1,733             –            –        1,733
Lapse of share award                                     –           –             –             –               –              (105)            –          105            –
Repurchase of shares                                   (53)          –             –            53               –                 –             –       (1,463)      (1,463)
Payment of 2022 final dividend                           –           –             –             –               –                 –             –     (171,325)    (171,325)


Total transactions with owners                         (53)          –             –            53               –             1,628             –     (172,683)    (171,055)


At 31 December 2022                                110,526    1,640,986        6,075        17,519            926              3,333        (2,139)   3,452,450    5,229,676




                                                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                                                                                29
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2023
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                                                                                   Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                   Employee
                                                                                                                                      Capital                    share-based
                                                                                                   Share        Share Revaluation redemption Contributed       compensation     Exchange     Retained
                                                                                                  Capital    premium      reserve     reserve    surplus             reserve      reserve      profits        Total
                                                                                                    $000         $000        $000        $000       $000                $000         $000        $000         $000

                                               At 1 July 2023                                     110,646    1,647,004     5,393       17,519         1,127              248       (2,613)   3,305,163    5,084,487


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                                    –           –          –            –             –                –            –     245,792      245,792
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value
                                                 through other comprehensive income                     –           –      2,147            –             –                –           –             –        2,147
                                               Currency translation differences                         –           –          –            –             –                –         164             –          164


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period
                                                 ended 31 December 2023                                 –           –      2,147            –             –                –         164      245,792      248,103


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                                     –           –          –           –              –              746            –            –          746
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 17(a))                     (298)          –          –         298              –                –            –      (12,038)     (12,038)
                                               Payment of 2023 final dividend                           –           –          –           –              –                –            –     (193,117)    (193,117)


                                               Total transactions with owners                        (298)          –          –         298              –              746            –     (205,155)    (204,409)


                                               At 31 December 2023                                110,348    1,647,004     7,540       17,817         1,127              994       (2,449)   3,345,800    5,128,181




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
30                                             accompanying notes.
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




1 General information
  SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
  are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
  in Hong Kong and Macau.

  The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
  place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

  The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

  These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (“Interim Financial Statements”) are
  presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have been approved
  for issue by the board of directors on 22 February 2024.


2 Basis of preparation
  These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared in
  accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These Interim
  Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30
  June 2023, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).
  These Interim Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at
  fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

  The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
  30 June 2023, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendments to
  standards as set out below.


  (a) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
       The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual reporting
       commencing 1 July 2023.

       HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies
         Statement 2 (Amendments)
       HKAS 8 (Amendments)                        Definition of Account Estimates
       HKAS 12 (Amendments)                       Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                     Transaction
       Amendment to HKAS 12                       International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
       HKFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
       The adoption of these amendments to standards has no significant impact on these Interim Financial
       Statements.

       Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected
       total annual earnings.


                                                                                                                         31
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Basis of preparation (continued)
                                                   (b) Amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
                                                       not yet adopted
                                                        Certain amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have been published that are
                                                        not mandatory for 30 June 2024 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                        HKAS 1 (Amendments)                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
                                                        HKAS 1 (Amendments)                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants1
                                                        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                          (Amendments)                                  Associate or Joint Venture2
                                                        HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
                                                        HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                    Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                                                                        Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                                                                        Demand Clause1
                                                        Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7              Supplier Finance Arrangement1
                                                        HKAS 21 (Amendments)                          Lack of Exchangeability3

                                                        1
                                                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                                                        2
                                                             The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.
                                                        3
                                                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
                                                        interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

                                                        The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
                                                        required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
                                                        financial statements as at 30 June 2023.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.




32
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
  (b) Fair value estimation
     This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
     values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
     the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
     the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
     the table.

     The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognized at fair value at 31
     December 2023 and 30 June 2023.

                                                           Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                             $000             $000             $000             $000

     Assets
     Financial asset at fair value through
        other comprehensive income

     At 31 December 2023 (Unaudited)                             –           9,438                 –            9,438


     At 30 June 2023 (Audited)                                   –           7,291                 –            7,291


     There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
     period.

     Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
     and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
     market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
     included in level 1.

     Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
     the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
     market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
     value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

     Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
     included in level 3.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
     The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
     asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

     All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




                                                                                                                           33
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Segment reporting
                                                   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
                                                   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
                                                   resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

                                                   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
                                                   the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
                                                   tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

                                                   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


                                                   (a) Segment results

                                                                                                       Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                    Hong Kong         Macau    Elimination Consolidated
                                                                                                         $000          $000          $000          $000

                                                        External revenue                              3,357,982          32,513               –     3,390,495
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                            11,380           1,857         (13,237)            –


                                                        Total revenue                                 3,369,362          34,370         (13,237)    3,390,495


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time                          1,086,855          11,189         (11,012)    1,087,032
                                                          Over time                                   2,282,507          23,181          (2,225)    2,303,463


                                                                                                      3,369,362          34,370         (13,237)    3,390,495


                                                        EBITDA                                        1,248,888           (7,709)              –    1,241,179




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Depreciation, amortization and
                                                          loss on disposal                             (875,466)          (4,878)              –     (880,344)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                         373,422         (12,587)               –     360,835


                                                        Finance income                                                                                 35,071
                                                        Finance costs                                                                                 (51,365)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                     344,541




34
                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting (continued)
   (a) Segment results (continued)

                                              Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2022
                                          Hong Kong          Macau     Elimination Consolidated
                                               $000           $000           $000         $000

      External revenue                    3,643,851       165,160              –     3,809,011
      Inter-segment revenue                 143,947         1,667       (145,614)            –


      Total revenue                       3,787,798       166,827       (145,614)    3,809,011


      Timing of revenue recognition
        At a point in time                1,473,371       145,999       (143,389)    1,475,981
        Over time                         2,314,427        20,828          (2,225)   2,333,030


                                          3,787,798       166,827       (145,614)    3,809,011


      EBITDA                              1,288,856         (9,791)             –    1,279,065
      Depreciation, amortization and
        loss on disposal                    (882,749)       (4,943)             –     (887,692)


      Operating profit/(loss)               406,107        (14,734)             –      391,373


      Finance income                                                                     41,968
      Finance costs                                                                     (77,376)


      Profit before income tax                                                         355,965




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                   35
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)

                                                                                                             At 31 December 2023 (Unaudited)
                                                                                                     Hong Kong       Macau Unallocated Consolidated
                                                                                                          $000         $000         $000       $000

                                                        Segment assets                                10,094,302          98,914         528,474      10,721,690


                                                        Segment liabilities                            (4,765,742)      (103,246)        (724,521)     (5,593,509)


                                                                                                                      At 30 June 2023 (Audited)
                                                                                                      Hong Kong            Macau     Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                                                                           $000             $000           $000             $000

                                                        Segment assets                                10,255,416         100,656         542,871      10,898,943


                                                        Segment liabilities                            (4,955,384)      (104,795)        (754,277)     (5,814,456)


                                                  There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of
                                                  measurement of segment results.


                                               5 Finance income

                                                                                                                                    Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                                                           $000             $000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Interest income from bank deposits                                                    31,109            31,894
                                                   Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                                3,962            10,074


                                                                                                                                         35,071            41,968




36
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




6 Finance costs

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                          $000             $000

  Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                          1,185           30,398
  Accretion expenses
     Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                               33,101           34,946
     Lease liabilities                                                                  13,731            7,594
     Asset retirement obligations                                                          933              436
  Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 9)                                        37            4,002
  Loss on early redemption of financial assets at amortized cost                         2,378                –


                                                                                        51,365           77,376


  Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
  retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
  allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.


7 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                          $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                    288,324          284,531
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                   15,081           16,931
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                     1,846            1,552
    – Net exchange gain (note 9)                                                        (1,238)          (2,741)
    – Others                                                                           183,128          203,089
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                       7,296            2,798
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                         264,083          270,975




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  327,477          334,473
  Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                             236,666          236,666
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                            44,822           42,780
  Share-based payments                                                                     746            1,733




                                                                                                                    37
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               8 Income tax expense

                                                                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                                                        $000             $000

                                                   Current income tax
                                                     Hong Kong profits tax                                                            84,658            84,655
                                                     Non-Hong Kong tax                                                                   974               888
                                                   Under/(over)-provision in prior years
                                                     Hong Kong profits tax                                                               496             (6,139)


                                                   Total current income tax expense                                                   86,128            79,404

                                                   Deferred income tax expense                                                        12,621            20,729


                                                   Income tax expense                                                                 98,749           100,133


                                                   Income tax expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
                                                   rate expected for the full financial year.


                                               9 Net exchange (gain)/loss
                                                   The exchange differences (credited)/charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included
                                                   as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                        2023             2022




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                        $000             $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net (note 7)                                              (1,238)           (2,741)
                                                   Finance costs (note 6)                                                                  37             4,002


                                                                                                                                       (1,201)           1,261




38
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
     Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

     •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

     •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
          shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                     Cents              Cents

     Basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                    22.2              23.1


  (b) Diluted earnings per share
     Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
     into account:

     •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
          assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                     Cents              Cents

     Diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders                  22.2              23.1


                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                       $000             $000

     Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
       basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      245,792            255,832




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                    39
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Earnings per share (continued)
                                                   (c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                                                      Number             Number

                                                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
                                                          the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
                                                          (less shares held for share award scheme)                              1,104,918,857     1,105,412,303
                                                        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
                                                          Effect of awarded shares                                                        4,320            50,852
                                                          Effect of share options                                                             –            23,246


                                                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
                                                         ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
                                                         diluted earnings per share                                              1,104,923,177     1,105,486,401


                                               11 Dividends
                                                   (a) In respect of the period

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                        Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2022: 14.5 cents)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                           per fully paid share                                                        160,004            160,437


                                                        At a meeting held on 22 February 2024, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
                                                        paid share for the year ending 30 June 2024. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
                                                        payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits
                                                        for the year ending 30 June 2024.

                                                        The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
                                                        of these Interim Financial Statements.




40
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




11 Dividends (continued)
   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                       $000             $000

       Final dividend of 17.5 cents (2022: 15.5 cents) per fully paid share         193,117          171,325


12 Fixed assets

                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                                       $000

   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2023                                                          2,925,297
   Additions                                                                                         244,982
   Disposals                                                                                          (7,923)
   Exchange differences                                                                                  112
   Depreciation                                                                                     (264,083)


   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2023                                                     2,898,385


   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2022                                                          2,736,212
   Additions                                                                                         334,083
   Disposals                                                                                           (3,384)
   Exchange differences                                                                                  (476)
   Depreciation                                                                                     (270,975)


   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2022                                                     2,795,460


   During the six months ended 31 December 2023, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
   and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $192,491,000 (2022:
   $224,527,000).

   At 31 December 2023, buildings with carrying amount of $64,210,000 (30 June 2023: $65,429,000) were




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
   pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).




                                                                                                                 41
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               13 Intangible assets

                                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                                                     Spectrum
                                                                                                                utilization fee
                                                                                                                          $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2023                          4,431,409
                                                   Amortization                                                     (236,666)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2023                     4,194,743


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2022                          4,904,742
                                                   Amortization                                                     (236,666)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2022                     4,668,076


                                               14 Trade receivables

                                                                                                   Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                 31 December          30 June
                                                                                                        2023            2023
                                                                                                        $000            $000

                                                   Trade receivables                                 466,073         357,629
                                                   Less: loss allowance                               (6,247)         (6,290)


                                                                                                     459,826         351,339




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




42
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Trade receivables (continued)
   The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
   of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                          2023                2023
                                                                                          $000                $000

   Current to 30 days                                                                       360,439         280,536
   31–60 days                                                                                35,081          16,490
   61–90 days                                                                                12,640           7,005
   Over 90 days                                                                              51,666          47,308


                                                                                            459,826         351,339


   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $1,846,000 (2022:
   $1,552,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2023.


15 Trade payables
   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                   31 December              30 June
                                                                                          2023                2023
                                                                                          $000                $000

   Current to 30 days                                                                       156,798         193,061
   31–60 days                                                                                50,893          59,838
   61–90 days                                                                                31,077          26,589
   Over 90 days                                                                              71,942          37,814


                                                                                            310,710         317,302


16 Bank borrowings



                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
                                                  Unaudited                                    Audited
                                              31 December 2023                               30 June 2023
                                       Current Non-current           Total        Current     Non-current      Total
                                         $000          $000          $000           $000            $000       $000

   Secured bank borrowings               2,200        61,600        63,800         2,200          63,800      66,000
                                                                                                                         43
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Bank borrowings (continued)
                                                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair value of the bank borrowings included under non-
                                                   current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing rates at
                                                   the period end date for similar borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                           Level 1         Level 2          Level 3           Total
                                                                                                             $000            $000             $000            $000

                                                   At 31 December 2023
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                                       –          61,600                  –        61,600


                                                                                                           Level 1          Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                                                             $000             $000            $000             $000

                                                   At 30 June 2023
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                                       –          63,800                  –        63,800


                                                   At 31 December 2023, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
                                                   June 2023: same).


                                               17 Share capital

                                                                                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                                                                                        Shares of
                                                                                                                                       $0.1 each               $000

                                                   Authorized
                                                   At 1 July 2022, 30 June 2023, 1 July 2023 and 31 December 2023                 2,000,000,000            200,000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Issued and fully paid
                                                   At 1 July 2023                                                                 1,106,464,601            110,646
                                                   Repurchase of shares (a)                                                          (2,988,000)              (298)


                                                   At 31 December 2023                                                            1,103,476,601            110,348


                                                   At 1 July 2022                                                                 1,105,792,101            110,579
                                                   Repurchase of shares                                                                (527,500)                (53)


                                                   At 31 December 2022                                                            1,105,264,601            110,526


                                                   (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 2,988,000
                                                         shares on the SEHK. The amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $12,038,000 was deducted from
44                                                       equity attributable to equity holders.
                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                  INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Share option scheme
  (a) Movements in share options

                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                  Average
                                                                             exercise price     Numbers of
                                                                                 per share    share options

     At 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2023                                           $4.96          4,000,000


     At 31 December 2023, 4,000,000 share options were exercisable with average exercise price of $4.96 per
     share.


  (b) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet
      date

                                                                               Unaudited             Audited
                                                                             31 December             30 June
                                                                                     2023               2023
                                                                   Exercise      Number              Number
                                                                       price     of share            of share
     Date of grant        Exercise period                         per share       options            options

     21 April 2023        21 April 2024 to 20 April 2028             $4.96        4,000,000        4,000,000


  (c) Details of share options exercised
     No share options were exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2023/24



                                                                                                                45
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                   (a) Capital commitments

                                                                                                                                Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                                              31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                                     2023              2023
                                                                                                                                     $000              $000

                                                        Fixed assets
                                                           Contracted for                                                            83,741           80,289


                                                   (b) Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                                                Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                                              31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                                     2023              2023
                                                                                                                                     $000              $000

                                                        Performance guarantees                                                     622,500           622,500


                                               20 Related party transactions
                                                   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.16% of the Company’s shares as at 31
                                                   December 2023. The remaining 30.84% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.91% is held by another
                                                   subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong.

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2023, the Group had transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries
                                                   and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business. All related party transactions are carried out in




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions. These transactions are not
                                                   significant to the Group’s Interim Financial Statements.




46
                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2023
(2022: 14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Monday, 18 March 2024 to shareholders
whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Thursday, 7 March 2024.


Closure of register of members
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Thursday, 7 March 2024. For determining the entitlement to
the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Thursday, 7 March 2024
during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfers
accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 6 March 2024.


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant
to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix
C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and
SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                            Number of shares held
                                      Personal                                  Number of
                                      interests                                 underlying                     % of
                                       (held as                                shares held                   issued
                                     beneficial       Other                   under equity                   voting
     Name of Director                   owner)     interests            Total  derivatives        Total      shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                 –     5,162,3371       5,162,337            –    5,162,337        0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               437,359             –         437,359             –     437,359         0.04




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
     Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona                    –             –               –     4,000,0002   4,000,000        0.36
                                                                                 (Personal
                                                                                  interests
                                                                                   in share
                                                                                  options)

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             146,000        11,0003        157,000             –     157,000         0.01     47
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   Notes:

                                                   1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
                                                        beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                   2.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                        physically settled equity derivatives) granted by the Company. Details of these share options are shown in the section
                                                        entitled “Share option scheme”.

                                                   3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.


                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company

                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)

                                                                                                   Number of shares held
                                                                                            Personal                                      Number of
                                                                                            interests                                     underlying                    % of
                                                                                             (held as                                    shares held                  issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                     under equity                  voting
                                                        Name of Director                      owner)       interests         Total       derivatives         Total    shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    562,111,1861   563,879,929                 –   563,879,929     19.46
                                                                                                          1,580,0002

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000              –          1,000                 –         1,000      0.00

                                                        David Norman Prince                    2,000              –          2,000                 –         2,000      0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003         7,000                 –         7,000      0.00




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284         4,028                 –         4,028      0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




48
                                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)

                                                            Number of shares held
                                                    Personal                                               Number of
                                                    interests                                              underlying                                   % of
                                                     (held as                                             shares held                                 issued
                                                   beneficial            Other                           under equity                                 voting
    Name of Director                                  owner)          interests              Total        derivatives                 Total           shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                 –        3,485,0001         3,485,000                       –        3,485,000              0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                            4,000,000                      –     4,000,000             8,000,0002       12,000,000               0.51

    Lau Yuek-hung, Fiona                                    –                     –                  –        4,700,0002         4,700,000              0.20

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                             50,000                      –         50,000                      –            50,000             0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
          physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
          options are shown below:

                                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                      Outstanding          Granted       Exercised        Lapsed           at
                                                      Exercise                           at 1 July       during the     during the     during the 31 December
          Name of Director       Date of grant           price   Exercise period*            2023            period         period         period        2023
                                                             $

          Fung Yuk–lun, Allen    22 May 2019            6.688    22 May 2020 to         4,000,000                –              –             –      4,000,000
                                                                   21 May 2024

                                 4 May 2022             6.532    4 May 2023 to          4,000,000                –              –             –      4,000,000
                                                                   3 May 2027

          Lau Yeuk–hung, Fiona   22 May 2019            6.688    22 May 2020 to         1,000,000                –              –             –      1,000,000
                                                                   21 May 2024

                                 5 May 2021             7.982    5 May 2022 to          2,500,000                –              –             –      2,500,000
                                                                   4 May 2026




                                                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
                                 12 January 2023        4.514    12 January 2024 to     1,200,000                –              –             –      1,200,000
                                                                   11 January 2028


          *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.



                                                                                                                                                                 49
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                    (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                        associated corporations:

                                                                                                                                                             Actual % of
                                                                                                                                       Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                                                                       held through        issued voting
                                                         Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


                                                         Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 251              25.00

                                                         Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

                                                         Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

                                                         Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,9001                20.00

                                                         Note:

                                                         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                              certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                               interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and SEHK
                                               pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or
                                               deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
                                               Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to
                                               the Model Code.


                                               Share option scheme
                                               The shareholders of the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company held




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               on 2 November 2021 to approve the adoption of a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the
                                               Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval
                                               by SEHK and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
                                               the annual general meeting of SHKP to approve the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.




50
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the six
months ended 31 December 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                            Outstanding
                                                                     Outstanding      Granted     Exercised      Canceled         Lapsed             at
                                       Exercise                         at 1 July   during the   during the     during the     during the   31 December
Grantee                Date of grant      price   Exercise period           2023        period       period         period         period          2023
                                              $


Director
Lau Yeuk-hung, Fiona   21 April 2023     4.964    21 April 2024 to     4,000,000            –            –                 –           –      4,000,000
                                                    20 April 20281

Note:

1.     The share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to 60% of the
       grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary of the
       date of grant. Any unexercised share options shall lapse after the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.


Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
canceled or lapsed during the period.

The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme was
105,898,860 on both 1 July 2023 and 31 December 2023.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the
development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee
at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each vesting period. The
shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are not required to pay any
purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of the Company will be issued under the Share
Award Scheme.

As of 1 July 2023, there were no unvested award shares, and no award shares were granted, vested, canceled or
lapsed under the Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
The number of award shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme was
107,171,217 on both 1 July 2023 and 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                                                          51
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                          Total number         % of issued
                                               Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               73.07%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      807,292,867               73.16%

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
                                                    deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.


                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
                                               Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
                                               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




52
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased 2,988,000 shares of the Company on
SEHK. These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2023. Details of the repurchases were as
follows:


                                                        Number of
                                                           shares            Price per share            Aggregate
Month of repurchase                                   repurchased          Highest          Lowest       price paid
                                                                                 $               $                $


September 2023                                           1,923,500             4.10            3.98       7,801,000
October 2023                                             1,014,500             4.06            3.92       4,040,000
November 2023                                               50,000             3.94            3.92         197,000


                                                         2,988,000                                      12,038,000


The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2023 was there any purchase, sale or
redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board. The
chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other members
are Mr. Ng Leung-sing, Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Peter Kung. All the members of the Committee are
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or
financial expertise and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 16 February 2024 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2023 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the
report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2023 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2023/24
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to
the Listing Rules.



                                                                                                                         53
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Corporate governance
                                               The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2023, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
                                               out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for
                                               the following deviations:

                                               Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
                                               directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders.
                                               Code Provision F.2.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
                                               meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin,
                                               Eric, Independent Non-Executive Director, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on
                                               31 October 2023 due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-
                                               Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (representing 80% of all independent non-executive and non-
                                               executive members of the Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by
                                               the shareholders. Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, Executive Director and Deputy Chairman of the Board, took the chair of
                                               the said meeting pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company.

                                               The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
                                               with the CG Code.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
                                               Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
                                               during the six months ended 31 December 2023, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
                                               Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                                               Company Secretary

                                               Hong Kong, 22 February 2024

                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman),
                                               Ms. LAU Yeuk-hung, Fiona (Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are
                                               Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE
                                               and Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas; Independent Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-
                                               sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny, Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel and Mr. Peter KUNG.




54
