Go For Smart Future,
Grow With
China Telecom Cloud    Annual Report
                              2022
ABOUT
CHINA TELECOM
China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom” or the
“Company”, a joint stock limited company incorporated in the
People’s Republic of China with limited liability, together with
its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) is a leading large-
scale integrated intelligent information services operator in the
world whose principal business is the provision of fundamental
telecommunications businesses including wireline and mobile
communications services, value-added telecommunications
businesses such as Internet access services, information
services and other related businesses. As at the end of 2022,
the Company had mobile subscribers of about 391 million
and wireline broadband subscribers of about 181 million. The
Company’s A Shares and H Shares are listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange and the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited, respectively.
CONTENTS
     2     Important Notice
     3     Section I Definitions
     8     Section II Company Profile
     13    Section III Management’s Discussion and Analysis
           (Report of the Directors)
     68    Recognition and Awards
     70    Section IV Corporate Governance Report
           78     Biographical Details of Current Directors,
                  Senior Management and Supervisors
     127   Section V Environmental and Social Responsibilities
     130   Section VI Significant Events
     165   Section VII Changes in Shares and Information on
           Shareholders
     174   Section VIII Relevant Information on Bonds
     179   Section IX Financial Reports
           179    Independent Auditor’s Report
           185    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
           187    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
                  Income
           189    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
           190    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
           193    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
           288    Financial Summary
     291   Shareholder Information
           Corporate Culture
 IMPORTANT NOTICE




  1.     The financial statements of the Company for            The profit distribution plan shall be submitted to the
         the year of 2022 prepared in accordance                2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company for
         with the International Financial Reporting             consideration.
         Standards (“IFRSs”) have been audited by
         PricewaterhouseCoopers, who has issued a               3.      Risk Statement of Forward-Looking Statements
         standard unqualified audit report.
                                                                Forward-looking statements, such as development
  2.     The profit distribution proposal or proposal for       strategies, future business plans and prospects,
         conversion of capital reserve into share capital for   contained in the 2022 annual report of the Company do
         the Reporting Period approved by the Board             not constitute a commitment of the Company to investors.
                                                                These forward-looking statements are subject to known
  Pursuant to the previous decision of the Board, within        and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
  three years after the A Share Offering and Listing, the       which may cause the Company’s actual performance,
  profit to be distributed by the Company in cash for each      financial condition or results of operations to be materially
  year will gradually increase to 70% or above of the profit    different from any future performance, financial condition
  attributable to equity holders of the Company for that        or results of operations implied by such forward-looking
  year. After fully considering the Company’s cash flow         statements. In addition, the Company will not update
  level, the cash return to shareholders, etc., the Board       these forward-looking statements. Investors should be
  of Directors proposed a final dividend of RMB0.076 per        aware of the investment risks.
  share (pre-tax) in an aggregate amount of RMB6,955
  million calculated based on 91,507 million shares, being      4.      Significant Risk Warning
  the total number of issued share capital of the Company
  as at the end of 2022. The dividend distribution is           The Company has described in detail the economic and
  derived from net profit realised in the current period.       policy environment adaptation risks, business operation
  Together with the 2022 interim dividend of RMB0.120           risks, network and information security risks and
  per share (pre-tax) which has been distributed, the full-     international operation risks in this report. Please refer to
  year dividend of 2022 amounts to RMB0.196 per share           the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis (Report of
  (pre-tax) in an aggregate amount of RMB17,935 million         the Directors)” in this report.
  which represents 65% of the profit attributable to equity
  holders of the Company for the year 2022. In case of any
  change in the total number of issued share capital of the
  Company before the record date for the implementation
  of the dividend distribution, the total distribution amount
  will remain unchanged, and the distribution amount per
  share will be adjusted accordingly.




002        China Telecom Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2022
