 CONNECTIVITY

COMPUTING FORCE

    ABILITY
  INTERIM REPORT
       2022
CONTENTS
2    Company Profile
3    Financial Highlights
4    Chairman’s Statement
14   Interim Financial Information
14     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
16     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
18     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
19     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
21     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
41   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
42   Discussion of Selected Items in the Interim Results
44   Other Information
52   Forward-Looking Statements
02 China Mobile Limited


    COMPANY PROFILE

    China Mobile Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) was incorporated in Hong
    Kong on 3 September 1997. The Company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and The Stock
    Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) on 22 October 1997 and 23 October 1997,
    respectively. The shares of the Company were admitted as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong
    on 27 January 1998. On 7 May 2021, the NYSE filed a Form 25 with the US Securities and Exchange Commission to
    strike the Company’s ADSs from listing and registration, which took effect on 18 May 2021. On 5 January 2022, the
    Company’s RMB ordinary shares (“RMB Shares”) were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

    As the leading ICT services provider in the mainland of China, the Group provides communications and information
    services in all 31 provinces, autonomous regions and directly-administered municipalities throughout the mainland
    of China and in Hong Kong SAR, and boasts a world-class telecommunications and information operator with the
    world’s largest network and customer base, a leading position in profitability and market value ranking. Its businesses
    primarily consist of voice, data, broadband, dedicated lines, IDC, cloud computing, IoT and other services in the
    Customer, Home, Business and New (“CHBN”) markets. As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total of 446,068
    employees, and a total of 970 million mobile customers and 256 million wireline broadband customers. For the first
    half of 2022, the Group’s operating revenue reached RMB496.9 billion.

    The Company’s ultimate controlling shareholder is China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. (“CMCC”), which,
    as of 30 June 2022, directly and indirectly held approximately 69.82% of the total number of issued shares of the
    Company. The remaining approximately 30.18% was held by public investors. Currently, the Company’s corporate
    credit ratings are equivalent to China’s sovereign credit ratings, namely, A+/Outlook Stable from Standard & Poor’s
    and A1/Outlook Stable from Moody’s.


                                            China Mobile Principal Organizational Structure
                                                          as at 30 June 2022

                                                China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.

                                                      China Mobile (Hong Kong) Group Limited

                                                       China Mobile Hong Kong (BVI) Limited
                                                                             69.70%
           Other holders of Hong Kong Shares                                                             Holders of RMB Shares
                                                         26.07%                       4.23%*
                                                               China Mobile Limited

       China Mobile International Limited              China Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.                 Aspire Holdings Ltd.

            Operating subsidiaries in 31 provinces, autonomous
            regions and directly-administered municipalities in                            Other specialized subsidiaries#
                  the mainland of China and Hong Kong

       * Includes 0.12% of the shares of the Company that were directly held by CMCC
       #    Other specialized subsidiaries include:
            •   China Mobile Group Design Institute Co., Ltd.            •    China Mobile IoT Company Limited
            •   China Mobile Group Device Co., Ltd.                      •    China Mobile Information Technology Company Limited
            •   China Mobile Online Services Co., Ltd.                   •    MIGU Co., Ltd.
            •   China Mobile (Suzhou) Software Technology Co., Ltd.      •    China Mobile (Hangzhou) Information Technology Company Limited
            •   China Mobile Internet Company Limited                    •    China Mobile TieTong Company Limited
            •   China Mobile Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.               •    China Mobile System Integration Co., Ltd.
            •   China Mobile Financial Technology Co., Ltd.              •    China Mobile (Chengdu) ICT Co., Ltd.
            •   China Mobile (Shanghai) ICT Co., Ltd.                    •    China Mobile e-Commerce Co., Ltd.
            •   China Mobile Xiong’an ICT Co., Ltd.                      •    China Mobile Information System Integration Co., Ltd.
            •   China Mobile Group Finance Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2022   03


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


Operating Revenue                                                               Revenue from Telecommunications Services
(RMB million)                                                                   (RMB million)


    1H2022                                                                         1H2022
    496,934                                                                        426,417

    1H2021                                                                         1H2021
    443,647                                                                        393,215




EBITDA                                                                          Basic Earnings Per Share
(RMB million)                                                                   (RMB)


    1H2022                                                                         1H2022
    173,912                                                                        3.29

    1H2021                                                                         1H2021
    161,988                                                                        2.89




                                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                            2022          2021
Operating revenue (RMB million)                                                                                              496,934           443,647
  Of which : Revenue from telecommunications services (RMB million)                                                          426,417           393,215
EBITDA1 (RMB million)                                                                                                        173,912           161,988
EBITDA margin2                                                                                                                35.0%             36.5%
EBITDA as % of revenue from telecommunications services                                                                       40.8%             41.2%
Profit attributable to equity shareholders (RMB million)                                                                      70,275            59,118
Margin of profit attributable to equity shareholders3                                                                         14.1%             13.3%
Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                                                                  3.29              2.89
Dividend per share – Interim (HK$)                                                                                              2.20              1.63




1
     EBITDA = profit from operations + depreciation and amortization
2
     EBITDA margin = EBITDA / operating revenue
3
     Margin of profit attributable to equity shareholders = profit attributable to equity shareholders / operating revenue
04 China Mobile Limited


    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

    In the first half of 2022, despite the headwinds and challenges posed by COVID-19, alongside other complexities
    in the external environment, the Company made every effort to seize the opportunities arising from the thriving
    digital economy. We did this by embedding ourselves in the aspiration to become a world-class information services
    and sci-tech innovation enterprise. Throughout this period, we adopted a scientific approach to our reform and
    development as well as COVID-19 prevention and control. We furthered value-oriented operations by leveraging
    our business scale and drove the comprehensive and integrated development of our CHBN1 markets. Riding on 5G,
    CFN (computing force network) and smart mid-end platform, we established our new information service system
    consisting of connectivity, computing force and abilities. Following these initiatives, we maintained a favourable
    business growth trend and marked new milestones on the journey to achieve high quality development.

    2022 INTERIM RESULTS

    In the first half of 2022, our operating revenue maintained a double-digit growth of 12.0% year-on-year (YoY) to
    RMB496.9 billion. Of this, our telecommunications services revenue was RMB426.4 billion, up by 8.4% YoY.
    Revenue from sales of products and others was RMB70.5 billion, up by 39.8% YoY. All four CHBN markets
    expanded in both customer base and revenue. Aggregate revenue from our “Home”, “Business” and “New”
    markets accounted for 40.0% of our telecommunications services revenue, increasing by 4.3 percentage points
    from that of full-year 2021 and showing a continued improvement in our revenue structure. Benefitting from the
    rapid growth of our digital content, smart home, 5G solutions for vertical industry sectors, mobile cloud and other
    information services businesses, our digital transformation revenue2 grew by 39.2% YoY to RMB110.8 billion.
    Contributing 26.0% of telecommunications services revenue, our digital transformation services have become a key
    growth driver, showing a strong upward trajectory as we break new ground in the information services market as
    part of a new phase of our development.

    To further reduce costs and enhance operational efficiency, we implemented multiple initiatives to control costs and
    expenses while adding new streams of income and increasing revenue. These initiatives have achieved favorable
    outcomes, with profit attributable to equity shareholders reaching RMB70.3 billion, up by 18.9% YoY. After excluding
    the impact of the adjustment to the residual value rate in the same period last year, the YoY growth was 7.3%.
    Profit attributable to equity shareholders per share reached RMB3.29, representing a YoY increase of 14.1%. Our
    profitability remained in a leading position among top-tier global telecommunications operators. EBITDA3 increased
    by 7.4% YoY to RMB173.9 billion and accounted for 40.8% of telecommunications services revenue. EBITDA margin
    stood at 35.0%. Capital expenditure totaled RMB92.0 billion while our cash flow remained at a healthy level, with
    free cash flow amounting to RMB55.2 billion. Our strong financial position, alongside our high operational quality and
    management efficiency, has provided solid support for our future development.

    To create higher returns for our shareholders and share the results of our operating gains, after giving full
    consideration to the Company’s profitability, cash flow condition and future development needs, the Company has
    decided to pay HK$2.204 per share for the 2022 interim dividend, representing an increase of 34.9% year-on-year.
    2022 full-year dividend payout ratio will further increase from that of the previous year. The profit to be distributed
    in cash for 2023 will gradually increase to 70% or above of the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
    Company5 for that year.



    1
              CHBN refers to the “Customer” market (C), the “Home” market (H), the “Business” market (B) and the “New” market (N).
    2
              Digital transformation revenue includes the revenues from new businesses from the “Customer” market (Mobile Cloud Drive and others),
              the revenues from smart home value-added businesses from the “Home” market, the revenues from DICT, IoT and dedicated lines
              businesses from the “Business” market and the revenue from the “New” market.
    3
              EBITDA = profit from operations + depreciation and amortization
    4
              Dividends for A-shares will be paid in Renminbi in the amount of RMB1.8942 per share, applying an exchange rate of HK$1 to RMB0.861004,
              which is equal to the average central parity rate between Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi announced by the People’s Bank of China in the
              week before the Board declared the interim dividend.
    5
              The base of the Company’s profit distribution is the profit attributable to equity shareholders under International Financial Reporting
              Standards.
Interim Report 2022   05
06 China Mobile Limited




    INTEGRATED DEVELOPMENT OF CHBN MARKETS AND VALUE-ORIENTED
    OPERATIONS ACHIEVED SIGNIFICANT PROGRESS
    The flourishing development of the digital economy has presented new growth opportunities. In response, we
    accelerated the strategic transition of our “Customer” and “Home” markets from a focus on scale to an emphasis
    on value contributions from our customers, while we adopted the inverse strategy for our “Business” and “New”
    markets. All four CHBN markets showed good growth momentum, which helped consolidate our industry leadership
    and increase customer satisfaction.

    “Customer” Market: Integrated Operations Engendered Stable-to-Rising Growth

    Our redoubled efforts to promote the integrated management of data access, applications and customer benefits,
    coupled with a strategy to exercise more precise scenario-based operations, have resulted in stable growth in both
    customer base and value contributions. On the one hand, we accelerated customer migration from 4G to 5G as well
    as created more synergy between our “Customer” market and the “Home” and “Business” markets, putting a
    focus on both the scale and quality of our 5G development and boosting personal information and communications
    consumption. On the other hand, we responded to our users’ digital consumption demands by adopting a platform
    economy model. In addition to delivering more membership services, we further differentiated our three major
    brands (GoTone, M-zone and Easy Own) with quality products and a wider range of blended benefit options to
    match their respective value propositions. These initiatives, together with our efforts to integrate our extensive
    customer touchpoints and quality resources, have enabled us to consistently generate high levels of customer value
    and loyalty. Our “Customer” market saw stable-to-rising YoY growth of 0.2% in the first half of 2022, with revenue
    reaching RMB256.1 billion. As of the end of June 2022, our mobile customer base reached 970 million, with a net
    addition of 12.96 million customers. Of these, 511 million were 5G package customers, representing a net increase
    of 124 million. The scale of our 5G customer base has anchored us at the forefront of the industry. The number of
    customers using our integrated-benefit products reached 241 million, with a net addition of 50.70 million customers.
    Regarding our cloud product Mobile Cloud Drive, the number of monthly active users recorded a net addition of 8.02
    million, bringing the total to 143 million. Our range of feature businesses, including cloud XR (augmented reality),
    cloud games and 5G ultra high-definition video connecting tones, all saw rapid growth. Thanks to the rapid migration
    to 5G and increase in customer spending on digital life, the value contribution per customer saw stable growth, with
    the ARPU (average revenue per user per month) of our mobile business reaching RMB52.3, up by 0.2% YoY.

    “Home” Market: Value Orientation Drove Business Expansion

    To generate greater value from our smart home services, we leveraged the combined strengths of our full-gigabit
    network connections and cloud-based applications to transform our “Home” business toward HDICT (home data,
    information and communications technology) solutions and extend this business line to smart communities and
    digital villages. To lead in broadband services, we have expedited the upgrade and expansion of our gigabit broadband
    network and built our brand recognition around a quality “Home” service offering. To lead in TV services, we
    continued to enhance our programme content in which we have further integrated the operation of big- and small-
    screen content and created a household information service portal consisting of broadband television, digital cinema
    and vertical content. To lead in smart home services, we continued to launch innovative smart home applications in
    which we have sped up the scale development of proven applications including smart home network deployment,
    home security and smart remote controls. We also explored new application scenarios for our HDICT solutions
    and improved the operating system of new HDICT solutions for multiple scenarios. In the first half of 2022, our
    “Home” market maintained rapid growth, with revenue increasing by 18.7% YoY to RMB59.4 billion. As of the end
    of June 2022, we had a total of 230 million household broadband customers, or a net addition of 12.41 million, which
    continued to put us at the forefront of the industry in terms of customer net additions. Of which, gigabit broadband
    customer net additions accounted for more than 88% of our household broadband customer net additions. Growth
    contribution from our smart home applications continued to increase, with the number of customers of our Internet
    TV service “Mobaihe” reaching 181 million, accounting for 78.4% of our household broadband customer base. Our
    smart home network customer base also increased by 86.6% YoY; customers using our home security services and
    “big-screen video-on-demand” services grew by 136.2% YoY and 139.3% YoY respectively. Driven by a broadband
    upgrade as well as a growing offering of smart home applications, household customer blended ARPU continued to
    increase, reaching RMB43.0 in the first half of 2022, representing an increase of 4.6% YoY.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2022   07




“Business” Market: Bolstered Capabilities Fueled Strong Momentum

With a focus on key industries, we advanced the integrated development of our network, cloud and DICT (data,
information and communications technology). We significantly strengthened our market, product and support
capabilities across-the-board. In the first half of 2022, our “Business” market revenue continued to grow rapidly,
reaching RMB91.1 billion, up by 24.6% YoY. We gained a net addition of 2.29 million corporate customers, bringing
the total to 21.12 million. DICT revenue amounted to RMB48.2 billion, an increase of 44.2% YoY. In our mobile
cloud business, we leaned on our differentiated advantages in the convergences of cloud and networks, cloud
and big data, cloud and intelligence, and cloud and edge computing to further optimize our industry-leading mobile
cloud products and technology. These efforts have resulted in very rapid growth in our mobile cloud revenue,
amounting to RMB23.4 billion, up by 103.6% YoY. As of the end of June 2022, we have signed more than 3,500
cloud services major contracts, generating revenue of over RMB13 billion. We delivered more than 1,100 cloud
migration projects for state-owned enterprises and completed a number of model cases for sectors including
public administration, education and healthcare. We are fast becoming a top-tier player in the mobile cloud space.
In the area of 5G vertical sectors, we partnered with leading enterprises across various industries to create model
cases and accelerate the transition of 5G dedicated networks from a customized to a standardized model. We have
achieved the commercialization of solutions and promoted the launch of packaged products. By mass replicating our
solutions in this way, we reinforced our position as the leading 5G services provider. As of the end of June 2022, we
have launched 300 leading 5G showcases and signed agreements of a cumulative of over 11,000 5G commercial
projects across multiple sectors, bringing our DICT contract value for the first half of 2022 to more than RMB16
billion. We also started mass replicating these projects across a wide range of industries, covering smart mining,
smart factories, smart grid, smart ports, smart hospitals and smart parks. In the field of IoV (Internet of Vehicles).
Seizing the opportunities presented by the rapid growth of this emerging sector, we developed forward-looking and
comprehensive plans. As of the end of June 2022, we have accumulated more than 195 million IoV connections.
Among these, more than 25 million were factory-installed. In addition, we have implemented more than 150
cooperative vehicle infrastructure showcase projects. In the area of digital government, we strove to empower public
administration, social governance and services related to people’s livelihoods. We have provided informatization
solutions ranging from public security and judiciary to emergency response and water resources for nearly 200 cities
across 27 provinces in China. We have endeavoured to create an image of “digital government solutions expert”,
and our landmark digital government solutions projects have yielded notable results.

“New” Market: Innovative Strategy Supported Very Rapid Growth

Focusing on innovative deployment, we advanced the coordinated development of our “New” business in four key
areas: international business, equity investment, digital content and FinTech. In the first half of 2022, revenue from
our “New” market grew very rapidly to RMB19.9 billion, up by 36.5% YoY. In our international business segment,
we strengthened the synergy between our domestic and international operations by launching more of our high-
quality and proven domestic capabilities in overseas markets and achieving breakthroughs in developing 5G industry
solutions. We further optimized the deployment of our international resources, boosted the global ecosystem
and continuously enhanced our worldwide operations. In the first half of 2022, our international business revenue
grew by 19.3% YoY to RMB8.1 billion. In terms of equity investment, we optimized our capital resources for value
growth, ecosystem formation and synergy creation within a range of key industries. Also, by supporting the growth
of ecosystem and encouraging innovation, we have facilitated the digital-intelligent transformation of the ecosystem
through industry and capital links. Regarding digital content, we focused on creating an integrated platform for
content generation, aggregation and dissemination. On this platform, we developed MIGU Video, cloud games, cloud
XR and other high-quality Internet products, which expanded the scale of our business as well as enhanced our user
experience. In the first half of 2022, our digital content revenue reached RMB11.6 billion, with a record growth rate
of 50.6% YoY. The monthly active users of MIGU Video and cloud games, across all platforms, climbed by 72.5%
and 149.4% YoY respectively. In our FinTech business, we built a centralized platform to facilitate financial services
throughout the industrial chain. In the first half of 2022, the business grew to a scale of nearly RMB30 billion, up
by 157% YoY. Offering a range of “and-Finance” services centered around “and-Wallet”, we drove innovations
surrounding digital currency scenarios and operations. In the first half of the year, the monthly active users of our
“and-Wallet” service increased by 197.9% YoY.
08 China Mobile Limited




    We are committed to providing customers with exceptional service and consistently optimized our customer
    services covering every aspect of service and process delivery and ensuring every member of staff was engaged. In
    the first half of 2022, with a focus on customer needs, we implemented a three-pronged initiative to enhance quality
    network perception, high-performance products and efficient services at customer touchpoints. This has resulted
    in a continued improvement in service quality and a significantly better customer perception. Through 10086,
    our integrated smart service gateway, we expanded video customer services and the application of other new
    technologies to optimize digital service delivery and customer engagement. We deployed Dayin platform to enhance
    perception management in an effective manner through the whole customer journey. We also promoted service
    awareness among all employees and strengthened our brand communications in an all-around manner. These efforts
    have supported our “Heartwarming Service” brand promise and gained us wide recognition in this regard.

    ACCELERATED THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW INFORMATION INFRASTRUCTURE

    Looking to embrace the attributes of high-speed and ubiquitous, space-ground integrated, cloud-network convergent,
    intelligent and agile, green and low-carbon, secure and controllable, we developed the new integrated digital
    information infrastructure built on 5G, CFN and smart mid-end platform.

    A quality 5G network. As we continued to expand the depth and breadth of our 5G coverage, we adopted a
    scientific approach to coordinating our 700MHz, 2.6GHz and 4.9GHz frequency resources to take full advantage of
    the complementary strength of each frequency. We continued to promote the co-construction and sharing of our 5G
    network with China Broadcasting Network Corporation Limited and built the base network using 700MHz frequency
    band while we orderly grew our indoor coverage and utilized our 2.6GHz and 4.9GHz frequency bands with precision.
    In doing so, we further consolidated our 5G leadership. In the first half of 2022, 5G-related investments totaled
    RMB58.7 billion. We put in use a cumulative of one million 5G base stations, including 300,000 700MHz 5G base
    stations, which together served 263 million 5G network customers and more than 4,400 5G dedicated network
    projects. Our 5G services provided strong traffic support in the mass market and enabled industry transformations
    in our “Business” market. We were the first operator to commercialize VoNR (Voice over New Radio) with a full-
    fledged upgrade to our 5GtoB core network capabilities. Leveraging our leadership in 5G network standard setting as
    well as network technology, we have accelerated 6G innovation. To this end, we completed the verification of R16
    technology and drove its industry adoption. We also played an important role in the freezing of the R17 standards
    by leading a total of 50 R17-related projects – the largest number among all operators. At the same time, we are
    leading 24 projects related to 5G-Advanced R18 standards, with a focus on AI-based wireless network architecture,
    multimedia enhancement and other technologies. In addition, we made breakthroughs in a number of network
    products including our proprietary 5G small cells. In terms of 6G, we led in envisaging the demand for the technology
    and achieved breakthroughs in more than 10 key technologies. We also built a 6G collaborative innovation base
    to drive domestic industrial research. Through these initiatives, we started to gain international recognition in the
    research and development (R&D) of 6G.
                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2022   09




A ubiquitous and integrated CFN. We proactively implemented the national strategy of channeling more computing
resources from the east to the west and transformed our CFN from a conceptual prototype to an industrial practice.
In terms of the supply of computing force, we advanced our plans to implement the national Dual Gigabit Network
Coordinated Development Action Plan, striving to precisely construct a full-fiber gigabit broadband network. All of
our Optical Line Terminal (OLT) platforms in the urban areas of cities and counties in the mainland of China, and over
88% for those in townships and villages, were equipped with gigabit capacity. Our gigabit coverage has reached 200
million households. We also strengthened our “4+3+X”6 data center facilities, with a total of 429,000 IDC cabinets
available for external use, a net addition of 22,000. Our mobile cloud “N+31+X”7 saw enhanced cloud-network,
cloud-edge, cloud-data and cloud-intelligence integration. The total number of cloud servers deployed accumulated
to 593,000 after a net addition of 112,000. We have accelerated the development of a nationwide cloud dedicated
network. This network is boosting synergies of the computing forces in the center, edge and terminal, allowing
customers to seamlessly connect to the cloud when they access our network. We have enriched our product
offering and cooperated with leading enterprises to integrate the social CFN for centralized management to meet
the demand for computing force across various scenarios. Regarding computing force services, we have actively
pursued business integration and innovation. Our initiatives included: focusing on enriching single entry points and
our plug-and-play computing force services; building a computing network brain system with integrated computing-
network deployment and orchestration; making “computing force faucets” where customers may access computing
force services like getting tap water; eastern data and western storage, IoV, metaverse and other scenarios for CFN
applications. During the Beijing Winter Olympics, we combined our CFN with the concept of the metaverse to create
a variety of snow and ice technology applications such as digital-intelligent sports personas, XR studios and AR snow
towns to help promote winter sports. In terms of computing force technology, we gradually introduced our CFN full-
stack and full strategy through collaboration and technological advancement. We published our Computing Force
Network Technology Whitepaper, which outlined ten major technical development directions and gathered extensive
industry consensus. We also activated CFN technology and application trials, developing a national pilot CFN and
testing more than 10 key technologies across over 30 scenarios. These trials were based on various initiatives,
including the national strategy of channeling more computing resources from the eastern to the western regions,
social CFN integration with smart computing and supercomputing, the computing network brain system and cloud-
edge-terminal integration.

An open and shared smart mid-end platform. We strove to build an open, central-kitchen-like model for our smart
mid-end platform and have seen positive early outcomes in terms of our ability to apply the capabilities internally
and externally as well as the value delivered. Regarding ability aggregation, based on various business scenarios,
we have amassed, shared and replicated a range of standardized capabilities such as smart process automation and
electronic signature, as well as polished high-quality technological capabilities such as fundamental communications,
artificial intelligence, blockchain, precise positioning and security certification. We continued to gather internal and
external data to build our core data capabilities surrounding content and customer insights. As of the end of June
2022, we have marketed 476 mid-end platform capabilities, which were deployed more than 11.0 billion times per
month on average, an increase of 61.5% YoY. Under the principle of full compliance with the applicable rules and
regulations, we collected a daily average of more than 5.5 petabytes of data, of which high-value data exceeded 600
petabytes. The scale has equipped us with proven capabilities to exercise quantitative management of our data. We
provided more than 1.28 trillion threads of data every day on average, an increase of 36% from the end of 2021. To
support internal functions, we promoted the use of these capabilities in sales and marketing, service, management
and other units to drive intelligent operations, reduce costs and enhance efficiency. Externally, we also worked on
commercializing our capabilities and achieved positive initial outcomes in segments such as finance, government,
IT, Internet and cultural tourism. Our collaborative ecosystems on platforms such as “Yunshang Yidong”, “Wutong
Yinfeng” and “Jiutian Lanyue” continued to expand.




6
       4 hotspot regional centers + 3 trans-provincial centers + X (multiple) provincial centers and business nodes.
7
       N (numerous) central resource pools + 31 provincial level resource pools + X (multiple) edge cloud nodes.
10 China Mobile Limited




    STRENGTHENING CAPABILITIES TO ACHIEVE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
    To future-proof our organization and continue to develop sustainably, we strengthened our capabilities by pursuing
    technological innovation. Alongside focusing on product development, we also extended collaboration and deepened
    organizational reforms.

    Deepened technological innovation. We continued to ramp up R&D investment8. In the first half of 2022, R&D
    investment amounted to RMB8.2 billion, up by 20.3% YoY. We are constantly enhancing our ability to independently
    drive innovation, with a rising proportion of staff members related to the digital-intelligent area. We assumed a
    principle role in fostering innovation and successfully concluded the first-stage development of critical and core
    technologies. Our 5G innovation consortia continued to expand, forming a cross-disciplinary alliance consisting
    of a number of leading enterprises. To advance our leadership in the industrial chain, we established an expert
    committee, with fellows of academies as its core members. We launched our “101-102-103-104” industry partnership
    and commenced the construction of the Next Generation Mobile ICT National Engineering Research Center.
    Centering around 5G and the two key areas of next-generation mobile communications and next-generation artificial
    intelligence, we strove to develop advanced and original technologies. In terms of patent and standard setting, we
    are an industry leader, heading a total of 177 5G international standard-setting projects and owning more than 11,000
    authorized patents. The scale has put us in the group of top-tier global operators. We accelerated the setting of CFN
    standards and established the first CFN open-source community in the world. We have rapidly improved our critical
    capabilities in digital intelligence, launching a range of products on our AI platform and more than 100 capabilities
    were converted into applications to empower network, customer services, public administration and other usage.
    Our proprietary IoT operating system and our enhanced fourth-generation mobile cloud main server boosted industry-
    leading performance in China. We have developed a series of edge cloud products and launched the “CMBaaS”
    product brand, offering supply chain financing, carbon accounting and other key solutions.

    Enhanced product development capabilities. Our Product Management Committee played an important role in
    leading, facilitating, supporting and coordinating our product development process. While enriching our portfolio,
    creating integrated product suites and increasing the impact of our offerings, we also stepped up efforts toward
    consolidating our product chain to provide more high-quality information services. This was to ensure that delivering
    competitive products remains at the core of our value-oriented operations. In our “Customer” market, the numbers
    of users of our four key products – MIGU Video, video connecting tones, benefit products and “and-Duohao” (add-on
    numbers) – exceeded 200 million. Six of our products, including Mobile Cloud Drive, cloud games, MIGU Music and
    “and-Wallet”, recorded more than 100 million customers while our mobile certification service achieved the highest
    penetration rate in the industry. In our “Home” market, we initiated a pilot project to promote our standardized
    smart whole-house solutions, which are ready for large-scale deployments. We have also been developing big
    data products targeting communities and rural villages, designed to help identify business opportunities and
    improve governance. In addition, we created household computing network-integrated products using cloud-based
    broadband. In our “Business” market, we have significantly increased our mobile cloud resources and established
    five 3AZ9 high quality resource pools with more than 600 edge nodes. Our proprietary core products have proven to
    be secure and controllable. These facilities have consolidated our industry leadership in integrated cloud-network-
    edge capabilities. The revenue share of our public cloud ranked the seventh in the market, while our dedicated cloud
    and public administration cloud services ranked the fourth and the third respectively. Under the Wutong big data
    platform, we launched three categories of standardized products while several of our key security products, including
    those related to dedicated line services, have been put into commercial trial across the entire network. Our 9-One
    Industry Platform10 has been developed to aggregate a suite of premium features and capabilities including clouds,
    network and applications, which enabled us to deliver one-stop solutions. The platform has been deployed more
    than 100 billion times cumulatively, supporting delivery of more than 1,000 5G projects cumulatively. For terminal
    products, by building a sales alliance involving all terminals and sales channels, we recorded a total terminal sales
    volume of more than 48 million units (inclusive of handset sales) in the first half of the year. Through our efforts, we
    have greatly increased the popularity of 5G terminals and further enhanced our influence in the industry.

    8
              R&D investment includes expensed R&D investments and capitalized R&D investments.
    9
              There are three available zones (AZ) in the resource pool. The networks in these zones are interconnected yet physically independent,
              ensuring low network latency, high service reliability and the satisfaction of application disaster recovery requirements.
    10
              The 9-One Industry Platform includes: OnePoint High-precision Positioning Platform, OneTraffic Smart Transportation Platform, OnePower
              Industrial Internet Platform, OneFinT Smart Finance Platform, OneEdu and-Education Platform, OneHealth Smart Healthcare Cloud Platform,
              OneTrip Smart Cultural Tourism Platform, OneVillage Rural Revitalization Platform, OneCity Smart City Platform, OnePark Smart Park
              Platform, OneCyber5G Dedicated Network Operations Platform.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2022   11




Extended open collaboration. To foster strategic collaboration, we formed and deepened our strategic partnerships
with local governments, enterprises and public institutions, aimed at promoting digital industrialization and industry
digitalization. In doing so, we created cross-disciplinary synergies in information services to support the innovation
and development of the digital economy. In terms of capital and funding, we optimized our investment strategy to
create more synergy within the industry and facilitate industrial chain upgrades. Drawing on our new information
service system, which features connectivity, computing force and abilities, we have increased our efforts to
extensively expand the digital ecosystem. The innovative aspect of our collaborative initiatives can be seen in
our “Joint Innovation Plus” R&D cooperation system, as well as in our work with national platforms, innovative
technology enterprises, tertiary organizations and research institutes. In addition to exploring new models of joint
R&D initiatives with enterprises, we also strengthened the management of the fund jointly established by the
National Natural Science Foundation of China and China Mobile. Meanwhile, we actively built a new digital-intelligent
ecosystem upon various industry alliances initiated by us in areas such as 5G, smart home, IoT and terminal
solutions, by leveraging capital as a link. Through such an ecosystem, we tapped into the enormous opportunities
in the blue-ocean digital economy hand-in-hand with our strategic investment partners, other partners in the
telecommunications industry, system integrators, internet and technology companies as well as the society at large.

Advanced enterprise reforms. With the goal of establishing China Mobile as a world-class model enterprise, we
furthered reforms focused on governance, talent and incentive mechanisms, which have helped us create fresh
momentum toward the high-quality development of our organization. We furthered the “Double-hundred Action”
initiative – designed to reform state-owned enterprises by benchmarking world-leading companies – as well as the
national reform program encouraging select Chinese technology companies to implement market-oriented reforms.
Three of our subsidiaries – our design institute, smart home business operation center and Internet company – have
recently been added to this national technology company reform program. We have achieved breakthroughs from
mixed-ownership reforms at XinSheng Tech, which has introduced strategic investors and implemented an employee
share ownership scheme. In addition, we launched two key pilot reform programs to support technological research
and develop specialized, premium, unique and new products and capabilities. We believe that our reforms at the
policy level helped stimulate creativity and entrepreneurship. We continued to optimize our incentive mechanisms
by identifying the first batch of top talent development zones to provide added motivation to these individuals. In
our technological research “special zones”, we stepped up our tailored incentive policies for our “Wutong” and
“Jiutian” teams as well as for XinSheng Tech and China Mobile advisory service, taking into consideration the unique
characteristics of each business. In our “Business” market, we refined the system supporting our go-to-market
initiatives by setting up various work groups targeting key industries, market segments and major projects, and as
a result, we have strengthened our competitiveness in the information services market. We also further reformed
our grid operations, unleashing the effect of the inverted pyramid structure whereby managers are urged to provide
support to their frontline staff. This approach to grid operations has helped us ignite vitality in our business. To form
an encompassing direct sales system as well as drive channel transformations and upgrades, we continued to
connect with partners throughout the industry chain to create pan-terminal and cross-channel sales alliances.
12 China Mobile Limited




    PROACTIVELY PUTTING ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) INTO
    PRACTICE
    In our business, we adhere to the principles of integrity, transparency, openness and efficiency to fully comply with
    all applicable listing rules and ensure sound corporate governance. We pursued policies to increase board member
    diversity and ensure that our independent non-executive directors contribute their respective experience and
    expertise to help us further improve our corporate governance and decision-making mechanisms. While advancing
    our “Compliance Escort Plan”, we continued to strengthen our compliance management system and implement its
    principles throughout all processes and areas in operations to drive the high-quality development of our business.
    To strengthen our risk prevention and control measures as well as ensure strong risk detection and management
    abilities, we enhanced our supervision over key business areas in view of supporting the healthy and sustainable
    development of the Company.

    We put great emphasis on sustainable development and remain committed to working for the greater good for the
    wider community with the utmost sincerity. To this end, we activated campaigns surrounding the themes of digital-
    intelligent innovation, inclusive growth and green and low-carbon development. These campaigns are part of our
    corporate responsibility and designed to promote economic, social and environmental sustainability. We worked
    to empower various industries in their digital-intelligent transformation journeys, bringing better digital experiences
    to our daily life. We also took steps to support the coordinated regional development across China and helped
    advance rural revitalization. In addition, we drove progress of the “C2 Three Energy Action Plan”11 and contributed
    to the realization of China’s carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. We implemented philanthropic campaigns,
    supported the prevention and control of COVID-19, facilitated disaster relief and took part in other initiatives to
    promote the public good. These efforts have won us recognition from the wider community. Another area of focus
    for us is talent development, where we have put great emphasis on creating a friendly and enabling workplace. Our
    employees are central to the growth of the Company, we deeply care about them and are committed to supporting
    and motivating them in their careers.

    FUTURE OUTLOOK

    At present, a new wave of technological evolution and industry transformation has given rise to significant
    momentum in both integration and innovation related to the next generation of information technology. These
    advances have increasingly been woven into every aspect and every process of people’s daily life, the economy
    and society. The fast-growing, all-encompassing and profoundly impactful digital economy features an information
    network as its critical infrastructure, data as the core element, information technology as the major driver, with
    integration and innovation as its key strategic elements. In the digital economy, information has become a crucial
    factor that drives the progress of human civilization, as well as economic and social development. The development
    will create enormous growth opportunities for information services. China’s digital economy is expected to grow
    from 39.8% of its GDP in 2021 to over 50%12 by 2025, with the scale of the information services market expected
    to increase from RMB12.5 trillion in 2021 to RMB22.8 trillion12 over the same period. This growth trend presents
    valuable opportunities for the digital-intelligent transformation of our Company. However, we also need to face
    uncertainties in our transformation and future development. The combined effect of COVID-19, geopolitical tensions,
    fluctuations in commodity prices and disruptions across the industrial and supply chains, among other factors, will
    impact our operations and production to a certain extent. In addition, the fast pace of change within the information
    services market creates more complexity, forcing us to increase our efforts across digital-intelligent platform
    operations and product offerings.




    11
              C2 Three Energy-China Mobile Carbon Peak Carbon Neutrality Action Plan; “Three Energy” refers to the three guiding principles of actions
              which include energy saving, clean energy and empowerment.
    12
              Source: Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China Academy of Information and Communications Technology
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2022   13




In response to the evolving industry landscape as well as the opportunities emerging from it, we will embark on a
new journey, fully, accurately and comprehensively aligning with new principles to ensure our participation in the
new development paradigm and drive high-quality growth. We will pursue stable progress while forging ahead with
a steadfast focus on innovation. At the same time, we will advance towards a new position of becoming a world-
class information services and sci-tech innovation enterprise and put in place a new strategy of becoming a world-
class enterprise by building a dynamic “Powerhouse”, establishing new information infrastructure centered around
5G, CFN and smart mid-end platform, and forming an innovative information services system that consists of
connectivity, computing force and abilities. With these, we will continue to satisfy, drive and uncover market demand
while enabling the digital-intelligent transformation of production, lifestyle and social governance. We will strive to
consistently create greater value for our customers and shareholders by providing quality information services and
generating exceptional business results.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Mr. Wang Yuhang, executive director of the Company, resigned in April 2022, together with Dr. Moses Cheng Mo
Chi and Mr. Paul Chow Man Yiu, who resigned in May 2022 after serving as independent non-executive directors for
19 and 9 years respectively. All three directors have been dedicated and diligent in performing their duties, making
great contribution to the development of the Company. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my deep
appreciation and gratitude to them for their remarkable contribution over the past years.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude for the support
of our shareholders, customers and the general public, and for the dedication and contribution of our employees.




Yang Jie
Chairman

Hong Kong, 11 August 2022
14 China Mobile Limited


    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
    for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))


                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2022           2021
                                                                            Note      Million        Million
    Operating revenue                                                        5
     Revenue from telecommunications services                                        426,417        393,215
     Revenue from sales of products and others                                        70,517         50,432
                                                                                     496,934        443,647
    Operating expenses
     Network operation and support expenses                                  6       138,194        121,146
     Depreciation and amortization                                                    99,464         99,472
     Employee benefit and related expenses                                            63,934         55,910
     Selling expenses                                                                 26,182         30,389
     Cost of products sold                                                            68,900         50,042
     Other operating expenses                                                7        25,812         24,172
                                                                                     422,486        381,131
    Profit from operations                                                            74,448         62,516

    Other gains                                                                        3,076           2,707
    Interest and other income                                                8         8,859           7,367
    Finance costs                                                                     (1,229)         (1,421)
    Income from investments accounted for using the equity method                      6,195           6,527
    Profit before taxation                                                            91,349         77,696

    Taxation                                                                 9       (21,012)        (18,510)
    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                             70,337         59,186
    Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax:
      Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
         Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured
           at fair value through other comprehensive income                             (160)           (191)
         Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of investments
           accounted for using the equity method                                          (3)            46

       Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
          Currency translation differences                                             1,211            (186)
          Share of other comprehensive loss of investments accounted
            for using the equity method                                                 (386)            (18)
    TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                         70,999         58,837
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2022   15


                                     UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
                                            for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))


                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                              Note           Million        Million
Profit attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                         70,275              59,118
  Non-controlling interests                                                                      62                  68
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                        70,337              59,186
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                         70,937              58,769
  Non-controlling interests                                                                      62                  68
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                                    70,999              58,837

Earnings per share – Basic                                                    11(a)        RMB3.29          RMB2.89
Earnings per share – Diluted                                                 11(b)         RMB3.29          RMB2.89




The notes on pages 21 to 40 are an integral part of this interim financial information.
16 China Mobile Limited


    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
    as at 30 June 2022 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                   As at          As at
                                                                                30 June    31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                       Note      Million         Million
    Assets
    Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                     12      698,550         723,305
      Construction in progress                                          12      105,786          71,742
      Right-of-use assets                                                        56,201          55,350
      Land use rights                                                            15,530          15,739
      Goodwill                                                                   35,344          35,344
      Other intangible assets                                                     7,062           8,171
      Investments accounted for using the equity method                 13      174,104         169,556
      Deferred tax assets                                                        45,727          43,216
      Financial assets measured at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                      14          523             689
      Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss    14      102,955          78,600
      Restricted bank deposits                                                    6,479           7,046
      Other non-current assets                                                   34,559          37,198
                                                                               1,282,820      1,245,956
    Current assets
      Inventories                                                                16,216          10,203
      Contract assets                                                             8,685           6,551
      Accounts receivable                                               15       60,722          34,668
      Other receivables                                                           8,188          10,137
      Amount due from ultimate holding company                         20(a)      2,427           2,612
      Prepayments and other current assets                                       23,382          28,291
      Prepaid income tax                                                            952             875
      Other financial assets measured at amortized cost                 16       29,807          33,884
      Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss    14      114,163         132,995
      Restricted bank deposits                                                    2,067           2,163
      Bank deposits                                                              88,602          89,049
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                 272,350         243,943
                                                                                627,561         595,371
    Total assets                                                               1,910,381      1,841,327
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2022   17


                      UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                as at 30 June 2022 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                               As at           As at
                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                              Note           Million          Million
Equity and liabilities
Liabilities
Current liabilities
  Accounts payable                                                             17           163,753             152,712
  Bills payable                                                                              13,385              12,747
  Contract liabilities                                                                       59,327              79,068
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                                       259,017             274,509
  Amount due to ultimate holding company                                      20(a)          35,602              23,478
  Income tax payable                                                                         12,502              13,575
  Lease liabilities                                                                          24,987              26,059
                                                                                            568,573             582,148
Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities – non-current                                                             35,491               30,922
 Deferred revenue                                                                             8,624                8,487
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     2,791                2,369
 Other non-current liabilities                                                                7,454                7,109
                                                                                             54,360               48,887
Total liabilities                                                                           622,933             631,035
Equity
  Share capital                                                                19           453,504             402,130
  Reserves                                                                                  829,962             804,220
Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                            1,283,466         1,206,350

Non-controlling interests                                                                      3,982                3,942
Total equity                                                                               1,287,448         1,210,292
Total equity and liabilities                                                               1,910,381         1,841,327




The notes on pages 21 to 40 are an integral part of this interim financial information.
18 China Mobile Limited


    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
    for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                          Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                      PRC                                                     Non-
                                                        Share      Capital      Exchange        Statutory           Other    Retained                   controlling        Total
                                                       capital    reserve          reserve        reserves       reserves      profits        Total       interests       equity
                                                       Million     Million          Million         Million        Million     Million       Million        Million       Million
    As at 1 January 2021                              402,130    (264,308)            (198)        346,794          3,786     660,712     1,148,916           3,856    1,152,772

    Changes in equity for the six months
      ended 30 June 2021:

      Profit for the period                                 –            –             –              –              –         59,118        59,118             68        59,186
      Changes in the fair value of financial assets
         measured at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                               –        (191)             –              –              –               –         (191)              –         (191)
      Currency translation differences                      –           –           (186)             –              –               –         (186)              –         (186)
      Share of other comprehensive income
         of investments accounted for using
         the equity method                                  –          28              –              –              –              –            28              –            28
    Total comprehensive income for the period               –        (163)          (186)             –              –         59,118        58,769             68        58,837

    Dividends paid during the period (note 10(b))           –            –             –              –              –         (29,916)     (29,916)            (63)     (29,979)
    Share option scheme
      – Value of share options (note 18)                    –         209              –              –              –               –          209               –          209
    Changes in the share of other reserves of
      investments accounted for using the equity
      method                                                –          (41)            –              –              –              –            (41)            –            (41)
    Others                                                  –            –             –              –             41              –             41             –             41
    As at 30 June 2021                                402,130    (264,303)          (384)       346,794          3,827        689,914     1,177,978          3,861     1,181,839
    As at 31 December 2021                            402,130    (264,677)        (1,080)       347,373          3,908        718,696     1,206,350          3,942     1,210,292

    Changes in equity for the six months
      ended 30 June 2022:

      Profit for the period                                 –            –             –              –              –         70,275        70,275             62        70,337
      Changes in the fair value of financial assets
         measured at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                               –        (160)             –              –              –               –         (160)              –         (160)
      Currency translation differences                      –           –          1,211              –              –               –        1,211               –        1,211
      Share of other comprehensive loss of
         investments accounted for using
         the equity method                                  –        (389)             –              –              –              –          (389)             –          (389)
    Total comprehensive income for the period               –        (549)         1,211              –              –         70,275        70,937             62        70,999

    Dividends paid during the period (note 10(b))           –            –             –              –              –        (44,594)      (44,594)           (22)      (44,616)
    Issuance of RMB Shares and exercise of
       over-allotment (note 19)                        51,374            –             –              –              –              –        51,374               –       51,374
    Purchase of own shares (note 19)                        –            –             –              –              –           (707)         (707)              –         (707)
    Share option scheme
       – Value of share options (note 18)                   –         146              –              –              –               –          146               –          146
    Changes in the share of other reserves
       of investments accounted for using
       the equity method                                    –         (98)            –               –              –              –           (98)             –           (98)
    Others                                                  –         (20)            –               –             58             20            58              –            58
    As at 30 June 2022                                453,504    (265,198)          131         347,373          3,966        743,690     1,283,466          3,982     1,287,448




    The notes on pages 21 to 40 are an integral part of this interim financial information.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2022       19


UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                        Note      Million        Million
Operating activities

Profit before taxation                                                            91,349              77,696
Adjustments for:
  – Depreciation and amortization                                                 99,464              99,472
  – Interest and other income                                            8        (8,859)             (7,367)
  – Finance costs                                                                  1,229               1,421
  – Income from investments accounted for using the equity method                 (6,195)             (6,527)
  – Others                                                                         5,808               5,400
Operating cash flows before changes in working capital                           182,796            170,095
Changes in working capital
  – Increase in inventories                                                       (6,243)             (1,815)
  – Increase in contract assets                                                   (3,801)              (1,647)
  – Increase in accounts receivable                                              (31,263)            (16,835)
  – Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable                                        5,790             (10,776)
  – Increase in accrued expenses and other payables                               32,664              54,905
  – Decrease in contract liabilities                                             (19,741)            (11,001)
  – Other changes in working capital                                              11,340                2,427
Cash generated from operations                                                   171,542            185,353

Tax paid
  – The mainland of China and other countries and regions’ enterprise
       income tax paid                                                           (24,170)            (23,638)
  – Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                      (100)                 (97)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                     147,272            161,618
Investing activities

Payment for property, plant and equipment                                        (88,289)            (86,470)
Payment for other intangible assets                                               (1,433)              (1,105)
Proceeds from disposal and write-off of property, plant and equipment                355                  197
Decrease in bank deposits (including non-current portion)                         10,517              17,220
(Increase)/decrease in other financial assets measured at amortized
   cost (including non-current portion)                                              (57)               9,490
Decrease in restricted bank deposits (excluding deposited customer
   reserves)                                                                         241                1,864
Interest and other finance income received                                         6,465                7,129
Purchase of investments accounted for using the equity method                          –                  (58)
Dividends received from investments accounted for using the equity
   method                                                                          1,512                1,292
Purchase of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
   loss                                                                          (51,000)            (47,773)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                         47,601              33,918
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                 22                          –
Net cash used in investing activities                                            (74,066)            (64,296)
20 China Mobile Limited


    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
    for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                  Note           Million        Million
    Financing activities

    Proceeds received from exercise of over-allotment of RMB Shares                               3,286                –
    Dividends paid to the Company’s equity shareholders                                         (44,594)        (29,916)
    Interest paid in relation to short-term deposits placed by CMCC Group                           (41)             (75)
    Net receipts of short-term deposits placed by CMCC Group                      20(a)          10,286           7,462
    Repayment of principal and interest of lease liabilities                                    (13,156)        (12,768)
    Payment for purchase of own shares                                             19              (707)               –
    Others                                                                                          (82)           (495)
    Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (45,008)        (35,792)
    Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    28,198         61,530

    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                              243,943        212,729

    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                                                      209            (116)
    Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                    272,350        274,143




    The notes on pages 21 to 40 are an integral part of this interim financial information.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2022   21


NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


1    GENERAL INFORMATION

     China Mobile Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
     (“Hong Kong”) of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 3 September 1997. The principal activities of
     the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) are the provision of telecommunications
     and information related services in the mainland of China and in Hong Kong (for the purpose of preparing
     the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information, the mainland of China refers to the
     PRC excluding Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan). The Company’s
     immediate holding company is China Mobile Hong Kong (BVI) Limited (incorporated in the British Virgin Islands),
     and the Company’s ultimate holding company is China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. (“CMCC”,
     incorporated in the mainland of China). The address of the Company’s registered office is 60th Floor, The
     Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.

     The ordinary shares of the Company have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “HKEX”) since 23 October 1997 and the American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) of the Company had been
     listed on the New York Stock Exchange LLC (the “NYSE”) since 22 October 1997. In January 2021, the NYSE
     announced to commence delisting proceedings of the ADSs of the Company and on 7 May 2021, the NYSE
     filed a Form 25 with the US Securities and Exchange Commission to strike the Company’s ADSs from listing
     and registration. The delisting of the Company’s ADSs became effective on 18 May 2021. On 5 January 2022,
     the Company completed the initial public offering of ordinary shares subscribed for and traded in RMB (the “RMB
     Shares”), which were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SHEX”).

2    BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2022 has
     been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, “Interim financial reporting”,
     issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and Hong Kong Accounting Standard
     (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim financial reporting”, issued by HKICPA, which are consistent, and the applicable
     disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on HKEX.

     The preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information in conformity with IAS/
     HKAS 34 requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
     of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-date basis. Actual
     results may differ from these estimates.

     The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the
     Company’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s policies on financial
     risk management were set out in the financial statements included in the Company’s 2021 Annual Report and
     there have been no significant changes in these policies for the six months ended 30 June 2022.

     No events and transactions that are significant to the changes in financial position and performance of the
     Group since the release of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 should
     be included in the Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information. The unaudited
     condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all of the information required for a full
     set of financial statements prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”)
     or Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).

     The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information was approved by the board of directors of
     the Company for issuance on 11 August 2022.
22 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    2       BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

            The Group’s condensed consolidated interim financial information is unaudited, but has been reviewed by
            the Company’s Audit Committee. The condensed consolidated interim financial information has also been
            reviewed by the Company’s independent auditor, KPMG, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
            Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the
            Entity”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). KPMG’s unmodified
            independent review report to the board of directors is included on page 41 of this interim report.

            The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2021, that is included in the unaudited
            condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2022 as comparative
            information, does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that
            year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory financial
            statements required to be disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
            (Cap. 622) is as follows:

            The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 to the Registrar of
            Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
            (Cap. 622).

            The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was unqualified;
            did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without
            qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).

    3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            Except as described below, the accounting policies applied in the preparation of this unaudited condensed
            consolidated interim financial information are consistent with those used in the preparation of the annual
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.

            The following amendments are mandatory for the first time for the Group’s financial year beginning on 1
            January 2022 and are applicable for the Group:

            •      Amendments to IAS/HKAS 16, Property, plant and equipment: Proceeds before intended use

            •      Amendments to IAS/HKAS 37, Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets: Onerous contracts
                   – cost of fulfilling a contract

            The adoption of the above amendments did not have any significant impact on the Group’s unaudited
            condensed consolidated interim financial information.

            In addition, the IASB and HKICPA also published a number of new standards and amendments to standards
            which are effective for the financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and have not been early adopted
            by the Group. The management is assessing the impact of such standards and will adopt the relevant standards
            in the subsequent periods as required.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2022   23


                              NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


4   SEGMENT REPORTING

    An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which the Group
    may earn revenue and incur expenses, and is identified on the basis of the internal financial reports that are
    provided to and regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (the “CODM”) in order to
    allocate resource and assess performance of the segment. The CODM has been identified as the Executive
    Directors of the Company. For the periods presented, the Group as a whole is an operating segment since the
    Group is only engaged in telecommunications and information related services. No geographical information
    has been disclosed as the majority of the Group’s operating activities are carried out in the mainland of China.
    The Group’s assets located and operating revenue derived from activities outside of the mainland of China are
    less than 5% of the Group’s assets and operating revenue, respectively.

5   OPERATING REVENUE

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                          Million        Million
    Revenue from telecommunications services
      Voice services                                                                      38,706               40,849
      SMS & MMS services                                                                  16,278               16,481
      Wireless data traffic services                                                     208,192              208,581
      Wireline broadband services                                                         54,168               47,200
      Applications and information services                                               97,988               69,287
      Others                                                                              11,085               10,817
                                                                                         426,417              393,215

    Revenue from sales of products and others                                              70,517               50,432
                                                                                         496,934              443,647

    The majority of the Group’s operating revenue is from contracts with customers, and the remaining is not
    material.
24 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    6       NETWORK OPERATION AND SUPPORT EXPENSES

                                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                      Note                Million        Million
            Maintenance, operation support and related expenses                                                             87,141                 71,087
            Power and utilities expenses                                                                                    25,202                 24,342
            Charges for use of tower assets                                                            (i)                  13,512                 13,809
            Charges for use of lines and network assets                                                (ii)                  4,470                  4,726
            Charges for use of other assets                                                            (ii)                  2,937                  2,417
            Others                                                                                                           4,932                  4,765
                                                                                                                          138,194                121,146

            Note:

            (i)     Charges for use of tower assets include the non-lease components charges (maintenance, certain ancillary facilities usage and related
                    support services) for use of telecommunications towers and variable lease payments not based on an index or a rate, which are
                    recorded in profit or loss as incurred.

            (ii)    Charges for use of lines and network assets and other assets mainly include the non-lease components charges and the lease
                    components charges for lease contracts that are exempt from recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, such as short-term
                    lease payments, lease payments of low-value assets and variable lease payments not based on an index or a rate, which are recorded
                    in profit or loss as incurred.


    7       OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                      Note                Million        Million
            Interconnection                                                                                                 10,676                  9,796
            Expected credit impairment losses                                                                                5,223                  4,561
            Net loss on disposal and write-off of
               property, plant and equipment                                                                                   233                    385
            Research and development expenses                                                           (i)                  2,680                  2,260
            Taxes and surcharges                                                                                             1,464                  1,327
            Others                                                                                                           5,536                  5,843
                                                                                                                            25,812                 24,172

            Note:

            (i)     The item does not include depreciation and amortization and employee benefit and related expenses related to research and
                    development.
                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2022   25


                                      NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                                      (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


8   INTEREST AND OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                                  Million        Million
    Interest income                                                                                                  5,543                     4,995
    Net gains on hold/disposal of financial assets                                                                   3,316                     2,372
                                                                                                                     8,859                     7,367


9   TAXATION

                                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                              Note                Million        Million
    Current tax
    Provision for enterprise income tax in the mainland of
      China and other countries and regions on the estimated
      assessable profits for the period                                                         (i)                 22,840                   24,421
    Provision for Hong Kong profits tax on the
      estimated assessable profits for the period                                              (ii)                     280                       250
                                                                                                                    23,120                   24,671
    Deferred tax
    Origination and reversal of temporary differences, net                                                          (2,108)                   (6,161)
                                                                                                                    21,012                   18,510

    Note:

    (i)     The provision for enterprise income tax in the mainland of China and other countries and regions has been calculated on the estimated
            assessable profits for the period at the rates of taxation prevailing in the regions in which the Group operates. The Company’s
            subsidiaries operate mainly in the mainland of China. The provision for the PRC enterprise income tax is based on the statutory tax rate
            of 25% (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 25%) on the estimated assessable profits determined in accordance with the relevant
            income tax rules and regulations of the PRC for the six months ended 30 June 2022. Certain subsidiaries of the Company entitle to
            the preferential tax rate of 15% (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 15%), and certain research and development costs of the
            Company’s PRC subsidiaries are qualified for 75% (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 75%) additional deduction for tax purpose.

    (ii)    The provision for Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 16.5%) of the estimated
            assessable profits for the six months ended 30 June 2022.

    (iii)   Pursuant to the “Notice regarding Matters on Determination of Tax Residence Status of Chinese-controlled Offshore Incorporated
            Enterprises under Rules of Effective Management” issued by SAT in 2009 (“2009 Notice”), the Company is qualified as a PRC offshore-
            registered resident enterprise. Accordingly, the dividend income of the Company from its subsidiaries in the PRC is exempted from
            PRC enterprise income tax.
26 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    10 DIVIDENDS

            (a)    Dividends attributable to the period

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                                 Million        Million
                   Ordinary interim dividend declared after the balance
                     sheet date of HK$2.200 (equivalent to approximately RMB1.881)
                     (2021: HK$1.630 (equivalent to approximately RMB1.356))
                     per share                                                                   40,192            27,771

                   The 2022 ordinary interim dividend, which is declared in Hong Kong dollars, is translated into RMB with
                   reference to the rate HK$1=RMB0.85519, being the rate announced by the State Administration of
                   Foreign Exchange in the PRC on 30 June 2022. As the ordinary interim dividend was declared after the
                   balance sheet date, such dividend had not been recognized as liability as at 30 June 2022.

                   In accordance with the 2009 Notice and the PRC enterprise income tax law, the Company is required
                   to withhold enterprise income tax equal to 10% of any dividend, when it is distributed to non-resident
                   enterprise shareholders whose names appeared on the Company’s register of members, as at the record
                   date for such dividend, and who were not individuals.

            (b) Dividends attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid during the
                period

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                                 Million        Million
                   Ordinary final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                     approved and paid during the period, of HK$2.430
                     (equivalent to approximately RMB2.087) (2021: HK$1.760
                     (equivalent to approximately RMB1.481)) per share                           44,594            29,916
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2022   27


                                NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                  INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


11 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   (a)   Basic earnings per share
         The calculation of basic earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2022 is based on the profit
         attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB70,275 million (for the six months ended 30
         June 2021: RMB59,118 million) and the weighted average number of 21,335,565,066 shares in issue
         during the period (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 20,475,482,897 shares).

   (b) Diluted earnings per share
         For the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021, the Group has considered the impact from the
         following factors when calculating diluted earnings per share:

         (i)     Convertible bonds issued by an associate of the Group (“CB”) that were outstanding during the
                 periods (note 14);

         (ii)    Share options issued by the Company that were outstanding during the periods (note 18);

         (iii)   The RMB Shares publicly offered but had yet to be listed on the SHEX during the period; and

         (iv)    The over-allotment option that was outstanding during the period (note 19).

         The first two factors had no dilutive effects for both periods, as (i) the assumed conversion of the CB
         would have increased the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company, (ii) the exercise price
         of the share options exceeded the average market price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEX
         during the periods the share options were outstanding. The third factor had no dilutive effect for the
         period, as (iii) the offer price of the RMB Shares was not lower than its fair value during the period from
         the beginning of the current period to the completion date of the listing on the SHEX.

         The fourth factor had a dilutive effect during the period, as (iv) the exercise price of the over-allotment
         option was lower than the average market price of the RMB Shares during the exercisable period.

         For the six months ended 30 June 2022, the calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the
         profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB70,275 million (for the six months ended
         30 June 2021: RMB59,118 million) and the weighted average number of 21,335,665,605 shares during
         the period (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: 20,475,482,897 shares). As the dilutive effect on
         earnings per share resulting from the assumed exercise of over-allotment option was negligible, therefore
         diluted earnings per share were the same as basic earnings per share.

         For the six months ended 30 June 2021, diluted earnings per share were the same as basic earnings per
         share.
28 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS

            For the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group acquired items of property, plant and equipment and
            construction in progress with an aggregate cost of RMB91,576 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2021:
            RMB85,976 million) and the depreciation of property, plant and equipment recognized in unaudited condensed
            consolidated statement of comprehensive income was RMB82,190 million (for the six months ended 30 June
            2021: RMB83,337 million).

            The Group adjusted the residual value rate of certain wireless and transmission assets (mainly comprising 2G
            wireless equipment, telecommunications optic cables and pipelines, etc) to zero with effect from 2021. The
            aforesaid changes in accounting estimates were made using the prospective application method, resulting
            in the depreciation and amortization for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by approximately
            RMB7,973 million.

    13 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT ARRANGEMENTS

            (a)    Investments accounted for using the equity method
                   The amounts recognized in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet are as follows:

                                                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                                       Million              Million
                   Associates                                                                         173,314              168,552
                   Joint ventures                                                                         790                1,004
                                                                                                      174,104              169,556

                   Details of principal associates, all of which are listed on exchanges, are as follows:

                                                                             Proportion
                                                         Place of            of ownership
                                                         incorporation/      interest held by
                                                         establishment       the Company
                   Name of associate                     and operation       or its subsidiary   Principal activity
                   Shanghai Pudong Development           The PRC             18%                 Provision of banking services
                     Bank Co., Ltd. (“SPD Bank”)

                   China Tower Corporation Limited       The PRC             28%                 Provision of construction,
                     (“China Tower”)                                                               maintenance and operation of
                                                                                                   telecommunications towers

                   True Corporation Public Company       Thailand            18%                 Provision of telecommunications
                     Limited (“True Corporation”)                                                  services
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2022   29


                               NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


13 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

   (a)   Investments accounted for using the equity method (Continued)
         (i)    The fair values of the interests in listed associates are based on quoted market prices (level 1:
                unadjusted quoted price in active markets) at the balance sheet date without any deduction for
                transaction costs and disclosed as follows:

                                                     As at 30 June 2022               As at 31 December 2021
                                                     Carrying                           Carrying
                                                      amount        Fair value           amount        Fair value
                                                       Million         Million            Million         Million
                SPD Bank                              112,603            42,732          107,982                45,507
                China Tower                            51,254            42,454           51,246                34,560
                True Corporation                       ––                 5,266            4,903                 5,489

                Up to the approval date of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information, True
                Corporation have not yet disclosed its interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2022, with
                related financial information of the associate not being respectively disclosed.

         (ii)   The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that
                interests in associates and joint ventures are impaired.

                As at 30 June 2022, the fair value of investment in SPD Bank was RMB42,732 million (as at 31
                December 2021: RMB45,507 million) based on its quoted market price, which was below its
                carrying amount by approximately 62.1% (as at 31 December 2021: approximately 57.9%). The
                management of the Group performed an impairment assessment and determined the recoverable
                amount of the investment based on its VIU. The calculation has considered pre-tax cash flow
                projections of SPD Bank for a five-year forecast with an extrapolation made to perpetuity. The
                discount rate used to discount the cash flows to their respective net present values was based on
                cost of capital used to evaluate investments of similar nature in the mainland of China. Management
                judgement is required in estimating the future cash flows of SPD Bank. The key assumptions
                are determined with reference to external sources of information. Based on the management’s
                assessment result, there was no impairment of the investment as at 30 June 2022.

                As at 30 June 2022, the fair value of investment in China Tower was RMB42,454 million (as at
                31 December 2021: RMB34,560 million) based on its quoted market price, which was below its
                carrying amount by approximately 17.2% (as at 31 December 2021: approximately 32.6%). Based
                on the management’s assessment result, there was no impairment of the investment as at 30 June
                2022.

                As at 30 June 2022, there was no impairment indicator of the Group’s interests in other associates
                or joint ventures.
30 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    13 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            (b) Investments in a joint operation
                   To efficiently enhance its 5G network coverage, the Group entered into a series of collaboration
                   agreements with China Broadcasting Network Corporation Ltd. (“CBN”) to co-construct and share
                   700MHz 5G wireless network (the “Co-construction and Sharing Agreement”). In accordance with the Co-
                   construction and Sharing Agreement, the parties shall co-construct and share 700MHz wireless network
                   (including but not limited to base stations and antennas) based on all 700MHz frequency bands of the
                   radio spectrum in respect of which CBN had been permitted to use by relevant national departments.
                   The parties shall jointly determine network construction plans. Without consent from the other party, any
                   party may not dispose of (including transfer, mortgage or pledge, etc) all or any of the 700MHz wireless
                   network assets within the scope of collaboration. The Group initially bear the construction costs of the
                   700MHz 5G wireless network within the agreed scope under the Co-construction and Sharing Agreement
                   and shall initially own the assets underlying the said wireless network. CBN shall pay the Group network
                   usage fees based on fair and reasonable negotiations. Therefore, both parties have the right to use
                   the 700MHz wireless network. Subject to compliance with applicable laws, regulations and regulatory
                   requirements, CBN may purchase 50% of the 700MHz 5G wireless network assets from the Group by
                   stages, at the then assessed fair value.

    14 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            The following table presents the fair value and fair value hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments
            measured at the end of the reporting period on a recurring basis. The level into which a fair value measurement is
            classified is determined with reference to the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
            The different levels have been defined as follows:

            •      Level 1 valuations: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                   measurement date.

            •      Level 2 valuations: observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                   inputs.

            •      Level 3 valuations: fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2022   31


                                      NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


14 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 30 June 2022:

                                                                                         Level 1         Level 2          Level 3          Total
                                                                          Note           Million         Million          Million         Million
   Financial assets measured at fair value through
     other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                   (i)               434                 –            89               523
   Financial assets measured at fair value through
     profit or loss (“FVPL”)                                               (ii)           58,599                  –       158,519        217,118
   Total                                                                                  59,033                  –       158,608        217,641

   The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2021:

                                                                                         Level 1          Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                                          Note            Million          Million         Million         Million
   Financial assets measured at fair value through
     other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                   (i)               600                 –            89               689
   Financial assets measured at fair value through
     profit or loss (“FVPL”)                                               (ii)           41,466                  –       170,129        211,595
   Total                                                                                  42,066                  –       170,218        212,284

   Note:

   (i)     The category of FVOCI is primarily the equity investments in listed companies that are not held for trading.

   (ii)    The category of FVPL mainly comprises wealth management products (“WMPs”) offered by various financial institutions in China
           amounting to RMB126,761 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB169,395 million), asset management plan amounting to RMB30,481
           million (as at 31 December 2021: Nil), monetary funds and bond funds amounting to RMB47,836 million (as at 31 December 2021:
           RMB30,346 million) and the Group has investment in CB of RMB9,630 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB9,618 million).


           The WMPs and asset management plan will mature with variable return rates indexed to the performance of underlying assets. As at 30
           June 2022 and 31 December 2021, they were measured at fair value as level 3 of fair value hierarchy. The fair values were determined
           based on cash flow discounted assuming the expected return will be obtained upon maturity.

           As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the CB, monetary funds and bond funds were measured at fair value as level 1 of fair value
           hierarchy.

           For the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group did not exercise any CB into SPD Bank’s common stock (for the six months ended
           30 June 2021: Nil).


   There were no transfers between the levels of fair value hierarchy for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and
   2021.
32 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    14 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            The movements during the period in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                    Recognized
                                              As at 31                                                 in other
                                            December                               Recognized in comprehensive           As at 30
                                                 2021      Purchase       Disposal profit or loss       income         June 2022
                                               Million       Million       Million        Million        Million          Million
            Financial assets
               measured at FVOCI                   89              –              –            –              –               89
            Financial assets
               measured at FVPL               170,129         33,501        (47,083)       1,972              –          158,519
                                              170,218         33,501        (47,083)       1,972              –          158,608


    15 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

            Aging analysis of accounts receivable, net of loss allowance is as follows:

                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                   30 June         31 December
                                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                                    Million              Million
            Base on invoice date:

            Within 30 days                                                                          18,773               12,198
            31–60 days                                                                               6,794                3,855
            61–90 days                                                                               6,506                4,045
            91 days–1 year                                                                          24,908               11,457
            Over 1 year                                                                              3,741                3,113
                                                                                                    60,722               34,668

            The accounts receivable of the Group are primarily comprised of receivables due from customers and other
            telecommunications operators. Accounts receivable from individual customers are spread among an extensive
            number of customers and the majority of the receivables from customers are due for payment within one
            month from the date of billing. For corporate customers, the credit period grants by the Group is based on the
            service contract terms, normally not exceeding 1 year.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2022   33


                             NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


16 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTIZED COST

   Other financial assets measured at amortized cost primarily include short-term loans granted to China Tower
   through China Mobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“China Mobile Finance”) of principal and interest RMB2,502
   million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB2,502 million), as well as other short-term loans and debt instrument
   investments to banks, other financial institutions and other third parties of principal and interest RMB27,564
   million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB31,641 million). The interest rates of short-term loans are mutually
   agreed among the parties with reference to the market interest rates.

17 ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

   Accounts payable primarily include payables for expenditure of network expansion, maintenance and support
   expenses and interconnection expenses, etc.

   The aging analysis of accounts payable is as follows:

                                                                                          As at           As at
                                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                        Million          Million
   Base on invoice date:

   Within 180 days                                                                      82,655                86,545
   181 days to 1 year                                                                   40,903                28,948
   Over 1 year                                                                          40,195                37,219
                                                                                       163,753              152,712

   All of the accounts payable are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on demand.
34 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    18 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

            At the Company’s Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held on 20 May 2020, the shareholders of the Company
            approved the adoption of the Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme”), for the grant of share options (“Share
            Options”) to qualified participants.

            The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of the Share Options granted under the
            Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total share capital of the Company as at the date of approval
            of the Scheme at a general meeting of shareholders.

            The exercise price of options shall be determined in accordance with the fair market price principle, with the
            base day for pricing being the grant date. The exercise price shall not be lower than the higher of the following
            prices: (i) the closing price of the shares on the grant date; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares on the
            HKEX for the five trading days prior to the grant date. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions for vesting as
            provided under the Scheme, the Share Options granted shall be vested in three batches as follows: (i) the first
            batch (being 40% of the Share Options granted) will be vested on the first trading day after 24 months from
            the grant date; (ii) the second batch (being 30% of the Share Options granted) will be vested on the first trading
            day after 36 months from the grant date; and (iii) the third batch (being 30% of the Share Options granted) will
            be vested on the first trading day after 48 months from the grant date. Vesting period ends ten years from the
            grant date.

            On 12 June 2020 (the “Grant Date”), the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of Share
            Options representing an aggregate of 305,601,702 shares to 9,914 participants of the Scheme pursuant to the
            aforementioned authorization, which represented 1.5% of the Company’s issued share capital. The exercise
            price was HK$55.00 per share. Participants are backbone management, technical and business personnel who
            have a direct impact on the Company’s operating performance and sustainable development. No Share Options
            had been granted to the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company or any of their
            related parties.

            For the six months ended 30 June 2022, share options compensation expenses recorded in profit or loss
            amounted to RMB146 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2021: RMB209 million).
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2022   35


                              NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


18 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (CONTINUED)

   (a)   Movements in share options
         Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise
         prices are as follows:

                                                                                    Share option scheme
                                                                                     Average       Numbers of
                                                                                exercise price        options
         As at 1 January 2021                                                        HK$55.00         304,702,702
         Forfeited                                                                   HK$55.00          (1,319,534)
         As at 30 June 2021                                                          HK$55.00         303,383,168
         As at 1 January 2022                                                        HK$55.00         302,096,876
         Forfeited                                                                   HK$55.00         (18,897,600)
         As at 30 June 2022                                                          HK$55.00         283,199,276
         Vested and exercisable as at 30 June 2022                                   HK$55.00         104,167,642

         During the six months ended 30 June 2022, no ordinary shares had been issued by the Company as no
         Share Options was exercised (during the six months ended 30 June 2021: Nil).

   (b) Share options outstanding
         Details of the expiry dates, exercise prices and the respective numbers of share options which remained
         outstanding as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                  No. of shares         No. of shares
                                                                                     involved in            involved in
                                                                                    the options            the options
                                                                              outstanding as at      outstanding as at
         Grant date             Normal exercise period      Exercise price        30 June 2022     31 December 2021
         12 June 2020           12 June 2022-12 June 2030       HK$55.00           104,167,642             120,838,750

         12 June 2020           12 June 2023-12 June 2030       HK$55.00             89,515,817             90,629,063

         12 June 2020           12 June 2024-12 June 2030       HK$55.00             89,515,817             90,629,063

         The options outstanding as at 30 June 2022 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 8 years
         (as at 31 December 2021: 8.5 years).
36 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    18 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (CONTINUED)

            (c)        Fair value of share options
                       The Company used the Binomial Model to determine the fair value of the Share Options as at the Grant
                       Date, which is to be recorded in profit or loss over the vesting period.

                       The weighted average fair value of the Share Options granted by the Company was HK$4.00 per share.
                       Other than the exercise price mentioned above, the model inputs to determine the fair value of Share
                       Options granted included:

                                                                                                                                                Granted on
                                                                                                                                              12 June 2020
                       The closing price at the Grant Date                                                                                          HK$54.25
                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                        0.65%
                       Expected dividend yield                                                                                                         5.9%
                       Expected volatility (Note)                                                                                                    21.34%

                       Note: The expected volatility is determined based on the historical average daily trading price volatility of the shares of the Company.


    19 SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                              Number                    RMB
                                                                                                     Note                    of shares                 Million
            Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
              As at 31 December 2021                                                                                 20,475,482,897                   402,130
              Issuance of RMB Shares and exercise of over-allotment,
                net of related issuance and professional expenses                                      (i)               902,767,867                    51,374
              Purchase of own shares                                                                   (ii)               (15,424,000)                  ––
                    As at 30 June 2022                                                                               21,362,826,764                   453,504
                    Of which: Shares listed on the HKEX                                                              20,460,058,897
                              Shares listed on the SHEX                                                                 902,767,867

            Note:

            (i)        In January 2022, the Company made an initial public offering of 845,700,000 RMB Shares (before the exercise of the over-allotment
                       option) on the SHEX, and subsequently made an over-allotment of 57,067,867 shares in February 2022. The total number of shares issued
                       was 902,767,867 shares at the issue price of RMB57.58 per share. The amount recorded as “Share Capital” is after deducting related
                       issuance and professional costs.

            (ii)       For the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Company has bought back shares listed on the HKEX. In February 2022, the Company
                       repurchased and cancelled its own 15,424,000 shares, with the price paid range between HK$54.15 and HK$58.15. The aggregate
                       price paid was HK$866 million (equivalent to approximately RMB707 million). Such buy-backs were financed out of the Company’s
                       distributable profits, as a result, the amount of RMB707 million was reduced from the Company’s “Retained profits”.

            (iii)      The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                       meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2022   37


                                    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


20 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (a)   Transactions with CMCC Group
         The following is a summary of principal related party transactions entered into by the Group with CMCC
         and its subsidiaries excluding the Group (“CMCC Group”) for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and
         2021. The majority of these transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined
         under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                          Note                Million        Million
         Revenue from telecommunications facilities construction
            services                                                                         (i)                   701                       635
         Revenue from comprehensive support services                                         (ii)                  179                       143
         Technical support services charges                                                 (iii)                  191                        20
         Related costs for use of network assets                                            (iv)                 3,377                     1,735
         Related costs for property leasing and management services                         (v)                    696                       795
         Additions of right-of-use assets                                                 (iv)(v)                8,428                       403
         Interest expenses                                                                  (vi)                    39                        75
         Net receipts of short-term deposits                                                (vi)                10,286                     7,462

         The outstanding balances related to transactions with CMCC Group are included in the following accounts
         captions summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                 As at               As at
                                                                                                              30 June         31 December
                                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                                               Million              Million
         Accounts receivable                                                                                       147                      228
         Prepayments and other current assets                                                                       20                        1
         Amount due from ultimate holding company                                                                2,427                    2,612
         Right-of-use assets                                                                                     6,653                      631
         Lease liabilities                                                                                       7,767                      728
         Accounts payable                                                                                        2,865                    2,992
         Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                     1,486                      578
         Amount due to ultimate holding company                                                                 35,602                   23,478

         The amounts arise in the ordinary course of business and with terms determined through mutual
         negotiation which are fair and reasonable.

         Note:

         (i)     The Group provides telecommunications facilities construction services to CMCC Group for the telecommunications project
                 planning, design, construction, maintenance and other services.

         (ii)    The Group provides comprehensive management, support and other services to CMCC Group.

         (iii)   The Group purchases technical support and other services from CMCC Group.

         (iv)    The amounts primarily represent the depreciation of right-of-use assets, the finance cost associated with lease liabilities and
                 other leasing or services charges to CMCC Group for the use of network assets.

         (v)     The amounts primarily represent the depreciation of right-of-use assets, the finance cost associated with lease liabilities and
                 other leasing or services charges to CMCC Group for the use of offices, retail outlets and machinery room.

         (vi)    The amounts represent the bank deposits received from or repaid to CMCC Group and related interest expenses. The interest
                 rate of short-term bank deposits is negotiated based on the benchmark interest rate published by the PBOC.
38 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    20 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (b) Principal transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group
                   The following is a summary of principal related party transactions entered into by the Group with the
                   associates and joint ventures of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021, the terms
                   of which are fair and reasonable.

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                 Note            Million        Million
                   Revenue from telecommunications services                        (i)               699               457
                   Telecommunications services charges                             (i)                54                27
                   Technical support services charges                             (ii)             1,883             1,711
                   Property leasing and management services revenue               (iii)               23                10
                   Dividend received                                                               1,512             1,292
                   Related costs for use of tower assets                          (iv)            21,264            21,317
                   Additions of right-of-use assets                               (iv)             1,976             2,202
                   Increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and
                      bank deposits                                                (v)              5,778           (4,444)
                   (Decrease)/increase in other financial assets measured
                      at amortized cost                                            (vi)            (1,150)               4
                   Purchase of financial assets measured at FVPL                  (vii)                 –           13,000
                   Disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                  (vii)             7,498            6,003
                   Interest and other income                                      (viii)            1,411            1,270

                   The outstanding balances related to transactions with the associates and joint ventures of the Group are
                   included in the following accounts captions summarized as follows:

                                                                                                    As at           As at
                                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                                                  Million          Million
                   Accounts receivable                                                               541               260
                   Right-of-use assets                                                            14,184            20,169
                   Other receivables                                                                 444               340
                   Cash, cash equivalents and bank deposits                                       81,517            75,362
                   Other financial assets measured at amortized cost                               4,648             5,783
                   Financial assets measured at FVPL                                              23,427            30,623
                   Prepayments and other current assets                                                8                 –
                   Lease liabilities                                                              17,713            22,836
                   Accounts payable                                                                5,210             4,692
                   Bills payable                                                                   3,146             3,534
                   Accrued expenses and other payables                                            11,820             9,908
                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2022   39


                                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


20 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

   (b) Principal transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group (Continued)
         Note:

         (i)      The Group provides/purchases telecommunications services to/from Group’s associates and joint ventures for the
                  telecommunications project planning, design and construction services and telecommunications services.

         (ii)     The Group purchases technical support and other services from the Group’s associates and joint ventures.

         (iii)    The Group provides property leasing and management service to China Tower and other associates and joint ventures.

         (iv)     The amounts primarily represent the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognized and other services charges to China
                  Tower for the use of telecommunications towers. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, related costs for use of tower
                  assets include the depreciation of right-of-use assets amounting to RMB7,395 million (For the six months ended 30 June 2021:
                  RMB7,031 million), charges for use of tower assets and the finance cost associated with the lease liabilities, etc. amounting to
                  RMB13,869 million (For the six months ended 30 June 2021: RMB14,286 million).

         (v)      The amounts represent the deposits placed with SPD Bank, the interest rate of which is negotiated based on the benchmark
                  interest rate published by PBOC.

         (vi)     The amounts represent the short-term loans granted to China Tower and debt instrument investments placed with SPD Bank.
                  The related interest rates are mutually agreed among both parties with reference to the market interest rates.

         (vii)    The amounts represent the WMPs purchased from SPD Bank and the CB publicly issued by SPD Bank. The return rates of
                  WMPs are determined with reference to market conditions and the fair values of CB are based on quoted market prices.

         (viii)   The amounts primarily represent interest income from the deposits placed with SPD Bank, the short-term loans granted to China
                  Tower and debt instrument investments placed with SPD Bank, and the income derived from WMPs purchased from SPD Bank
                  and the CB publicly issued by SPD Bank.


   (c)   Transactions with associates and joint ventures of CMCC Group
         In addition, the Group has entered into transactions with associates and joint ventures of CMCC Group
         during the ordinary course of the Group’s business based on terms comparable to terms of transactions
         enacted with other entities, the amounts of such transactions and related outstanding balances were not
         material.

   (d) Transactions with other government-related entities in the PRC
         The Group is a government-related enterprise and operates in an economic regime currently dominated
         by entities directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC government through government authorities,
         agencies, affiliations and other organization (collectively referred to as “government-related entities”).

         Apart from transactions with CMCC Group (note 20(a)) and associates and joint ventures (note 20(b)), the
         Group has collectively, but not individually, significant transactions with other government-related entities
         which include but not limited to the following:

         –        rendering and receiving telecommunications services, including interconnection revenue/charges
         –        sharing certain telecommunications network infrastructures and frequency bands of the radio
                  spectrum
         –        purchasing of goods, including use of public utilities
         –        placing of bank deposits and purchasing of investment products

         These transactions are conducted during the ordinary course of the Group’s business based on terms
         comparable to the terms of transactions enacted with other entities that are not government-related.
         The Group prices all its telecommunications services and products based on commercial negotiations
         with reference to rules and regulations stipulated by related authorities of the PRC Government, where
         applicable. The Group has also established its procurement policies and approval processes for purchases
         of products and services, which do not depend on whether the counterparties are government-related
         entities or not.
40 China Mobile Limited


    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)


    21 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

            The Group’s capital expenditure contracted for as at the balance sheet dates but not provided for in the
            unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information were as follows:

                                                                                                   As at            As at
                                                                                                30 June      31 December
                                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                                                 Million           Million
            Land and buildings                                                                     4,974             4,049
            Telecommunications equipment and others                                               36,282            29,510
                                                                                                  41,256            33,559


    22 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

            After the balance sheet date, the Board of Directors proposed an ordinary interim dividend. Further details are
            disclosed in note 10(a).
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2022   41


REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



To the Board of Directors of China Mobile Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated interim financial information set out on pages 14 to 40 which
comprises the condensed consolidated balance sheet of China Mobile Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together, the “Group”) as of 30 June 2022 and the related condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash
flows for the six-month period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial information to be
in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof, and to be in compliance with either International Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board or Hong Kong
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, depending on whether the issuer’s annual financial statements are prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) or Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
respectively. As the annual financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with both IFRSs and
HKFRSs, the directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim financial information in
accordance with both International Accounting Standard 34 and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.

Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the condensed consolidated interim financial
information and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the condensed consolidated interim financial information consists of
making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong
Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
information as at 30 June 2022 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.



KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

11 August 2022
42 China Mobile Limited


    DISCUSSION OF SELECTED ITEMS IN THE INTERIM RESULTS


    OPERATING REVENUE

    In the first half of 2022, we firmly seized the opportunities arising from the accelerated digital transformation of the
    economy and society, furthered our value-oriented practices while drawing on the advantages of our business scale,
    drove the comprehensive and integrated development of our CHBN markets. Our revenue maintained a favourable
    growth momentum and our revenue structure was further optimized. Our operating revenue was RMB496.9 billion,
    up by 12.0% year-on-year, of which revenue from telecommunications services reached RMB426.4 billion, up by 8.4%
    year-on-year. Revenue from voice services was RMB38.7 billion, down by 5.2% year-on-year. Revenue from SMS/
    MMS services was RMB16.3 billion, down by 1.2% year-on-year. Revenue from wireless data traffic services was
    RMB208.2 billion, down by 0.2% year-on-year. Revenue from wireline broadband services reached RMB54.2 billion,
    up by 14.8% year-on-year. Revenue from applications and information services reached RMB98.0 billion, up by
    41.4% year-on-year, contributing 7.3 percentage points of the growth of revenue from telecommunications services.

    OPERATING EXPENSES

    We further promoted scientific and sophisticated cost management, and continued to allocate resources in line
    with the principles of ensuring a sufficient budget for areas essential to promote growth, while reducing and
    controlling expenses on certain selected areas, thereby constantly optimizing the structure of resource deployment
    and achieving effective cost control. In the first half of 2022, our operating expenses were RMB422.5 billion, up by
    10.9% year-on-year and representing 85.0% of operating revenue.

    In the first half of 2022, network operation and support expenses were RMB138.2 billion, up by 14.1% year-on-year
    and representing 27.8% of operating revenue. The increase was mainly driven by a 22.6% year-on-year increase in
    maintenance, operation support and related expenses, which reached RMB87.1 billion, due to increased investments
    in development of smart home business, DICT product innovation, construction and maintenance of smart mid-end
    platforms, and other efforts in transformation.

    Depreciation and amortization remained relatively stable at RMB99.5 billion, representing 20.0% of operating
    revenue. On the one hand, the scale of our assets continued to grow as we accelerated network upgrades, cloud
    migration and transformation, and construction of smart mid-end platforms, which brought about a corresponding
    increase in depreciation and amortization. On the other hand, we recorded relatively significant depreciation and
    amortization in the first half of 2021 due to an adjustment in the residual value of certain assets and hence more one-
    off provision for depreciation.

    Employee benefit and related expenses were RMB63.9 billion, up by 14.4% year-on-year and representing 12.8%
    of operating revenue. While the total number of our employees slightly decreased, employee benefit and related
    expenses increased mainly because we continued to adjust and optimize our personnel structure, and placed more
    efforts in recruitment and training of digital-intelligent talents.

    Selling expenses were RMB26.2 billion, down by 13.8% year-on-year and representing 5.3% of operating revenue.
    The decrease was mainly because we speeded up our transformation of channels and enhanced our diverse new
    sales channels, thereby continuing to record increased contribution from online sales and enhance efficiency in
    utilization of marketing resources.

    Cost of products sold was RMB68.9 billion, up by 37.7% year-on-year and representing 13.9% of operating revenue.
    The increase was mainly driven by the growth in revenue from sales of products.

    Other operating expenses were RMB25.8 billion, up by 6.8% year-on-year and representing 5.2% of operating
    revenue. The increase was mainly due to our increased investments in research and development and
    interconnection expenses.
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2022   43




PROFITABILITY

We continued to improve quality and efficiency in our operations and management, and maintain our favourable
profitability. In the first half of 2022, profit attributable to equity shareholders was RMB70.3 billion, up by 18.9% year-
on-year (or up by 7.3% year-on-year excluding the effect of the adjustment in residual value in the first half of 2021);
margin of profit attributable to equity shareholders was 14.1%; EBITDA was RMB173.9 billion, up by 7.4% year-on-
year; and EBITDA margin was 35.0%. EBITDA represented 40.8% of revenue from telecommunications services.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In the first half of 2022, we made rapid progress in the construction of new information infrastructure, such that “new
infrastructure” will better serve its key functions of driving economic growth, promoting industrial transformation and
stimulating consumption of information services. Our capital expenditure was RMB92.0 billion, representing 21.6%
of revenue from telecommunications services, of which 5G-related capital expenditure amounted to RMB58.7 billion.
Our capital expenditure is funded primarily by cash generated from operating activities.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Our financial position continued to remain robust. As at the end of June 2022, our total assets and total liabilities
were RMB1,910.4 billion and RMB622.9 billion, respectively. Our liabilities to assets ratio was 32.6%.

We do not have any interest-bearing borrowings. We have firmly adhered to our prudent financial risk management
policies and maintained sound repayment capabilities.

FINANCIAL POLICIES AND CASH FLOW

Facing a complex operating environment and pressure arising from our investments, we continued to maintain a
healthy cash flow as a result of the stable growth in business operations and revenue, refined cost control as well as
the further manifestation of economies of scale. Our free cash flow was RMB55.2 billion for the six months ended
30 June 2022. As of 30 June 2022, our cash and bank balances were RMB369.5 billion, of which 96.4%, 0.8% and
2.7% were denominated in Renminbi, U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars, respectively.

We will continue to uphold prudent financial policies and strictly monitor and control financial risks in order to
continuously maintain healthy cash flow generation capabilities as well as value preservation and enhancement
capabilities. In addition, we will focus on scientific resource allocation, maintain a healthy capital structure and level,
and reinforce and develop favourable economic benefits in order to continuously create value for shareholders.
44 China Mobile Limited


    OTHER INFORMATION


    RMB SHARE ISSUE

    In order to grasp the window of opportunity to develop the information services market, promote the implementation
    of the strategy of becoming a world-class enterprise by building a dynamic “Powerhouse”, advance digitalized and
    intelligent transformation, cultivate a digitalized and intelligent ecosystem with new vitality and build new momentum
    toward high-quality development, the Company proposed an initial public offering of RMB Shares (the “RMB Share
    Issue”). Resolutions related to the RMB Share Issue were proposed and approved by the shareholders of the
    Company at an extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 9 June 2021 (the “EGM”).

    The RMB Shares form the same class of shares as the ordinary shares in the Company (the “Hong Kong Shares”)
    listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, the RMB Shares and the Hong Kong Shares
    are not fungible.

    On 20 December 2021, being the trading day immediately preceding the date of determination of the offer size and
    offer price for the RMB Share Issue, the closing market price of Hong Kong Shares was HK$46.35 per share.

    On 5 January 2022, the RMB Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company
    initially issued 845,700,000 RMB Shares (prior to the exercise of the over-allotment option in relation to the RMB
    Share Issue (the “Over-allotment Option”)) to qualified natural persons and institutional investors (except for
    investors prohibited by laws, regulations and applicable regulatory requirements) at an issue price of RMB57.58
    per RMB Share. The total gross proceeds (prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option) amounted to
    RMB48,695,406,000.00. After deducting offering expenses, the net proceeds (prior to the exercise of the Over-
    allotment Option) amounted to RMB48,122,091,457.60.

    The exercise period of the Over-allotment Option expired on 7 February 2022. Pursuant to the Over-allotment
    Option, the Company issued 57,067,867 RMB Shares at the issue price of RMB57.58 per RMB Share, in addition to
    the 845,700,000 RMB Shares initially issued. The final number of RMB Shares issued under the RMB Share Issue
    was 902,767,867 shares. The final total gross proceeds from the RMB Share Issue were RMB51,981,373,781.86.
    After deducting offering expenses, the final net proceeds from the RMB Share Issue were RMB51,373,879,467.74
    (approximately RMB56.91 per share).

    As set out in the Company’s circular dated 24 May 2021 (the “Circular”) and the prospectus dated 21 December
    2021 (the “Prospectus”) in relation to the RMB Share Issue, and as approved by the shareholders of the Company
    at the EGM, after deducting offering expenses, all proceeds from the RMB Share Issue will be used towards
    projects related to the Company’s principal business, which include the development of premium 5G networks, the
    development of new infrastructure for cloud resources, the development of gigabit broadband and smart home,
    the development of smart mid-end platform, the research and development of the next-generation information
    technology and digitalized and intelligent ecosystem. During the six months ended 30 June 2022, the proceeds from
    the RMB Share Issue were used, and were proposed to be used, according to the intentions previously disclosed by
    the Company in the Circular and the Prospectus, and there was no material change or delay in the use of proceeds.
                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2022   45




Details of the use of proceeds from the RMB Share Issue are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Expected timing
                                                                                              Amount            Amount not                  for full
                                                                Total proceeds              utilised as       yet utilised as        utilisation of
Project                                                            committed          at 30 June 2022       at 30 June 2022              proceeds
                                                                   RMB million            RMB million           RMB million
Development of premium 5G networks                                        27,313                26,422                    891                     2022
Development of new infrastructure for cloud resources                      6,875                 3,199                  3,676                     2023
Development of gigabit broadband and smart home                            4,297                 3,461                    836                     2023
Development of smart mid-end platform                                      4,297                 2,358                  1,939                     2023
Research and development of the
  next-generation information technology
  and digitalized and intelligent ecosystem                                8,593                   2,445                6,148                     2023
Total                                                                     51,374                37,886                 13,488

Note: Discrepancies in this table between totals and sums of amounts listed are due to rounding.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
Details of the directors’ holding of shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) as at 30 June 2022 are
as follows:

Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                         Number              Percentage of the
                                                                                                      of ordinary              total number of
Director                                                Capacity                                      shares held               issued shares*
Margaret Leung Ko May Yee                               Beneficial owner                                    20,000                            0.00%

*       The calculation is based on the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company (i.e. 21,362,826,764 ordinary shares) as at 30 June
        2022, and rounded off to two decimal places.


Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of Associated Corporations

                                                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                                                                                 the total number
                                                                                                                                  of issued shares
                                                                                          Class of                Number of         in the relevant
Associated corporation                   Director                 Capacity                shares                 shares held       class of shares#
China Tower Corporation Limited          Carmelo Lee Ka Sze       Beneficial owner        H shares                   500,000                    0.00%
  (“China Tower”)
#
        The calculation is based on the total number of issued H shares of China Tower (i.e. 46,663,856,000 H shares) as at 30 June 2022, and rounded
        off to two decimal places.


Apart from those disclosed herein, as at 30 June 2022, none of the directors nor the chief executive of the Company
had any interests or short positions in any of the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any
of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that is recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 352 of the SFO or any interests otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”).
46 China Mobile Limited




    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES

    Save as disclosed below, at no time during the six months ended 30 June 2022 was the Company, any of its holding
    companies or subsidiaries, or any of its holding companies’ subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the
    directors or chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or children under eighteen years of age to
    acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

    Share Option Scheme of the Company

    Pursuant to a resolution passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 May 2020, a share option
    scheme of the Company (the “Scheme”) was adopted. For details of the Scheme, please refer to the following
    paragraphs and also the Company’s circular dated 14 April 2020 in relation to “Proposed Adoption of Share Option
    Scheme”.

    Purposes

    The Scheme aims at (1) further improving the governance structure of the Company, and establishing and improving
    the balance of interests mechanism between employees and shareholders, investors and the Company; (2)
    establishing a benefit sharing and risk sharing mechanism among shareholders, the Company and employees to
    enhance the Company’s performance and long-term stable development; and (3) effectively attracting, motivating
    and retaining the core backbone employees of the Company to support the Company’s strategic transformation and
    long-term development.

    Scope of Scheme Participants

    Scheme participants are in principle limited to directors (excluding independent non-executive directors) and senior
    management of the Company, and backbone management, technical and business personnel who have a direct
    impact on the Company’s operating performance and sustainable development. The assessment results of the
    scheme participants shall meet or exceed the relevant standards for performance appraisal of the Company.

    Effective Period

    The Scheme will be effective for a term of 10 years commencing from 20 May 2020, unless terminated in advance
    under relevant requirements of the Scheme.

    Maximum Quantity of Grant

    The maximum number of ordinary shares to be issued upon the exercise of the share options granted under the
    Scheme (and any other schemes) shall not in aggregate exceed 2,047,548,289 shares, being 10% of the total share
    capital of the Company as at the date of approval of the Scheme or approximately 9.58% of the total share capital of
    the Company as at the date of this interim report (being 11 August 2022).

    Unless approved at a general meeting, the ordinary shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of the share
    options granted to any individual scheme participant (including exercised or outstanding share options) during the
    effective period of the Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2022   47




Application or Acceptance Fee

No fee shall be payable by a scheme participant on the application for or acceptance of the grant of share options.
As a formality, a scheme participant shall pay HK$1.00 as nominal consideration for acceptance of the grant of share
options.

Lapse and Cancellation of Share Options

If any of certain events (including but not limited to a failure in performing his/her duties effectively or a serious
breach or dereliction of his/her duties) occurs in relation to a scheme participant, his/her share options will
automatically lapse, and the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) shall cease granting new share
options, cancel share options which are not yet exercised by him/her, and recover any gains obtained by him/her
from the exercise of the share options.

Details of Share Options During the Six Months Ended 30 June 2022

During the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Company has not granted any share options under the Scheme.

Details of options under the Scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2022 are set forth as follows:

Grantees                                          Employees and staff members of the Company

Number of ordinary shares underlying
share options granted:

– Outstanding as at 1 January 2022                302,096,876

– Granted during the period                       0

– Exercised during the period                     0

– Lapsed and cancelled during the period          (18,897,600)

– Outstanding as at 30 June 2022                  283,199,276

Grant date                                        12 June 2020

Exercise price                                    HK$55.00 per ordinary share (determined in accordance with the
                                                  fair market price principle, with the base day for pricing being the
                                                  grant date)
48 China Mobile Limited




    Closing price immediately before   HK$54.75 per ordinary share
    the grant date

    Vesting period                     No share options shall be exercised within 24 months from the
                                       grant date; subject to the satisfaction of the conditions for vesting
                                       as provided under the Scheme, the share options granted shall be
                                       vested in three batches as follows:

                                       (i)     The first batch (being 40% of the share options granted) will
                                               be vested on the first trading day after 24 months from the
                                               grant date

                                       (ii)    The second batch (being 30% of the share options granted)
                                               will be vested on the first trading day after 36 months from
                                               the grant date

                                       (iii)   The third batch (being 30% of the share options granted) will
                                               be vested on the first trading day after 48 months from the
                                               grant date

    Time when exercise period ends     10 years from the grant date

    Value of share options granted     HK$4.00 per ordinary share (weighted average fair value calculated
                                       using the binomial model with the grant date as the date of
                                       measurement)

                                       Due to the subjective nature of and uncertainty related to a number
                                       of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the
                                       binomial model as well as certain inherent limitations of the model
                                       itself, the calculation is subject to certain fundamental limitations.
                                       The value of share options varies with different variables of certain
                                       subjective assumptions, and any change to the variables used
                                       may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the share
                                       options.

                                       Please refer to note 18 headed “Share-based Payment” to the
                                       unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information for
                                       details.
                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2022   49




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
The Company has been notified of the following interests in the Company’s issued shares as at 30 June 2022
amounting to 5% or more of the ordinary shares in issue:

Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                        Number of ordinary shares held                    the total number
                                                                             directly          indirectly                  of issued shares
(i)     CMCC                                                                  26,208,210           14,890,116,842                       69.82%
(ii)    China Mobile (Hong Kong) Group Limited
           (“CMHK (Group)”)                                                               –        14,890,116,842                       69.70%
(iii)   China Mobile Hong Kong (BVI) Limited
           (“CMHK (BVI)”)                                               14,890,116,842                               –                  69.70%

Note: As at 30 June 2022, CMCC held 26,208,210 RMB Shares and CMHK (BVI) held 14,890,116,842 Hong Kong Shares. In light of the fact that
      CMCC and CMHK (Group) directly or indirectly control one-third or more of the voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of CMHK (BVI), in
      accordance with the SFO, the interests of CMHK (BVI) are deemed to be, and have therefore been included in, the interests of CMCC and
      CMHK (Group).


Apart from the foregoing, as at 30 June 2022, no other person (other than a director or the chief executive of the
Company) had any interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in
the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.

CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS

Changes in directors’ biographical details since the date of the Company’s 2021 Annual Report are set out below:

Mr. Wang Yuhang resigned from his position as an Executive Director of the Company by reason of age with effect
from 19 April 2022.

Dr. Moses Cheng Mo Chi retired by rotation at the Company’s annual general meeting held on 18 May 2022 (the
“AGM”) and did not offer himself for re-election as he would like to devote more time to other businesses; and Mr.
Paul Chow Man Yiu also retired by rotation at the AGM and also did not offer himself for re-election by reason of age.

As a result of the aforesaid retirement by rotation, Dr. Moses Cheng Mo Chi resigned from his positions as an
Independent Non-Executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee
and the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company; and Mr. Paul Chow Man Yiu resigned from
his positions as an Independent Non-Executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, the Chairman of the
Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, in each case with effect
from 18 May 2022 upon the conclusion of the AGM.

Mr. Li Pizheng was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company; and each of Mr. Carmelo Lee Ka Sze and
Mrs. Margaret Leung Ko May Yee was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director, a member of the
Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the
Company, in each case with effect from 18 May 2022. The biographical details of Mr. Li Pizheng, Mr. Carmelo Lee
Ka Sze and Mrs. Margaret Leung Ko May Yee were set out in the Company’s announcement dated 18 May 2022.
50 China Mobile Limited




    Mr. Stephen Yiu Kin Wah, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as the Chairman
    of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, with effect from 18 May 2022. Mr. Stephen Yiu Kin Wah will
    receive an annual fee of HK$80,000 as the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, in addition to
    his annual director’s fee of HK$180,000 and annual fees of HK$180,000 and HK$50,000 as the Chairman of the Audit
    Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company, respectively.

    Dr. Yang Qiang, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as the Chairman of the
    Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, with effect from 18 May
    2022. Dr. Yang Qiang will receive annual fees of HK$65,000 and HK$60,000 as the Chairman of the Nomination
    Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, respectively, in addition to his annual
    director’s fee of HK$180,000 and annual fee of HK$150,000 as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.
    Dr. Yang Qiang has voluntarily waived all his directors’ fees.

    Mrs. Margaret Leung Ko May Yee retired from her position as a Steward of The Hong Kong Jockey Club with
    effect from 10 June 2022 and was appointed as a member of the Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special
    Administrative Region with effect from 1 July 2022.

    Mr. Carmelo Lee Ka Sze retired from his position as a Convenor of the Financial Reporting Review Panel of the
    Financial Reporting Council of Hong Kong with effect from 16 July 2022.

    Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
    Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing
    Rules”).

    PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

    The Company bought back a total of 15,424,000 Hong Kong Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for an
    aggregate price of HK$865,946,546.35 (excluding expenses) during the six months ended 30 June 2022 and such
    Hong Kong Shares bought back were cancelled, details of which are as follows:

                                              Number of                                                   Aggregate
                                              Hong Kong              Price paid per                        price paid
                                           Shares bought           Hong Kong Share                        (excluding
    Date of buy-back                                back           Highest          Lowest                expenses)
                                                                      HK$              HK$                       HK$
    10 February 2022                             7,303,500            58.15            56.65         422,227,750.95
    15 February 2022                             2,329,500            54.60            54.25         126,862,240.50
    17 February 2022                             1,900,000            54.55            54.15         103,363,990.00
    18 February 2022                             3,630,000            55.00            54.20         199,138,896.00
    22 February 2022                               261,000            55.00            54.95          14,353,668.90
                                               15,424,000                                            865,946,546.35

    The Board believes that such buy-backs of Hong Kong Shares would benefit the Company and its shareholders, and
    would lead to an enhancement of the net value of the Company and its assets and/or its earnings per share.

    Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
    Company’s listed securities during the six months ended 30 June 2022.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2022   51




AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee reviewed with management the Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial
information for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and the accounting principles and practices adopted by the
Group, and discussed auditing, internal control, financial report and other matters.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE PROVISIONS OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CODE
For the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Company complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules to regulate the
directors’ securities transactions. All directors have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they
had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the period from 1 January 2022 to 30
June 2022.

APPENDIX 16 TO THE HONG KONG LISTING RULES

According to paragraph 40 of Appendix 16 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules headed “Disclosure of Financial
Information”, save as disclosed herein, the Company confirms that the Company’s current information in relation
to those matters set out in paragraph 32 of Appendix 16 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules has not been changed
significantly from the information disclosed in the Company’s 2021 Annual Report.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR HONG KONG SHARES

The Board declared an interim dividend of HK$2.20 per share (before withholding and payment of PRC enterprise
income tax; in case of any change in the total number of issued shares of the Company between 11 August 2022
and the Record Date (as defined below), the amount of dividend per share will remain unchanged and the total
amount of profit distribution will be adjusted accordingly) for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (the “2022 Interim
Dividend”) to the shareholders of the Company.

The register of members of the Company for the Hong Kong Shares will be closed from Thursday, 8 September 2022
to Tuesday, 13 September 2022 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of ascertaining entitlement of holders of Hong
Kong Shares to the 2022 Interim Dividend. In order to qualify for the 2022 Interim Dividend, all transfers of Hong
Kong Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong share
registrar, Hong Kong Registrars Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 7 September 2022. The 2022 Interim Dividend will be
paid on or about Tuesday, 27 September 2022 to those holders of Hong Kong Shares on the register of members on
Tuesday, 13 September 2022 (the “Record Date”).
52 China Mobile Limited




    WITHHOLDING AND PAYMENT OF ENTERPRISE INCOME TAX FOR NON-RESIDENT
    ENTERPRISES IN RESPECT OF 2022 INTERIM DIVIDEND
    Pursuant to the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China” (the “Enterprise Income Tax Law”),
    the “Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China”
    and the “Notice regarding Matters on Determination of Tax Residence Status of Chinese-controlled Offshore
    Incorporated Enterprises under Rules of Effective Management”, the Company is required to withhold and pay 10
    per cent. enterprise income tax on the distribution of the 2022 Interim Dividend to non-resident enterprise holders
    of Hong Kong Shares. The withholding and payment obligation lies with the Company. In respect of all holders of
    Hong Kong Shares whose names appear on the Company’s register of members as at the Record Date who are not
    individuals (including HKSCC Nominees Limited (“HKSCC”), other corporate nominees or trustees such as securities
    companies and banks, and other entities or organizations, which are all considered as non-resident enterprise holders
    of Hong Kong Shares), the Company will distribute the 2022 Interim Dividend after deducting enterprise income
    tax of 10 per cent.. The Company will not withhold and pay the individual income tax in respect of the 2022 Interim
    Dividend payable to any natural person holders of Hong Kong Shares whose names appear on the Company’s
    register of members as at the Record Date.

    If any resident enterprise (as defined in the Enterprise Income Tax Law) holder of Hong Kong Shares listed on the
    Company’s register of members which is duly incorporated in the PRC or under the laws of a foreign country (or a
    region) but with a PRC-based de facto management body, does not desire to have the Company withhold and pay
    the said 10 per cent. enterprise income tax, it shall lodge with Hong Kong Registrars Limited documents from its
    governing tax authority confirming that the Company is not required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax in
    respect of the dividend to which it is entitled not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 7 September 2022.

    Investors who invest in Hong Kong Shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
    (the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect investors), whether natural
    persons or enterprises, are investors who hold Hong Kong Shares through HKSCC, and in accordance with the
    above requirements, the Company will pay to HKSCC the amount of the 2022 Interim Dividend after withholding for
    payment the 10 per cent. enterprise income tax.

    If anyone would like to change the identity of the holders of Hong Kong Shares in the register of members, please
    enquire about the relevant procedures with the nominees or trustees. The Company will withhold for payment of
    the enterprise income tax for non-resident enterprise holders of Hong Kong Shares strictly in accordance with the
    relevant laws and requirements of the relevant government departments and adhere strictly to the information set
    out in the Company’s register of members on the Record Date. The Company assumes no liability whatsoever in
    respect of and will not entertain any claims arising from any delay in, or inaccurate determination of, the status of the
    holders of Hong Kong Shares or any disputes over the mechanism of withholding and payment of enterprise income
    tax.

    FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
    Certain statements contained in this interim report may be viewed as “forward-looking statements” within the
    meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
    uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual performance, financial condition or results of operations
    of the Company to be materially different from those implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, the
    Company does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these risks,
    uncertainties and other factors is included in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and other
    filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
China Mobile Limited
60/F., The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Tel : (852) 3121 8888
Fax : (852) 3121 8809




Website: www.chinamobileltd.com
Welcome to China Mobile Limited’s website




    This interim report is printed on environmentally friendly paper
