ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information               2
Financial Highlights                              3
Business Highlights                               4
Chairman’s Statement                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis               10
Corporate Governance Report                      13
Report of the Directors                          24
Directors Profile                                40
Staff Engagement                                 48
Community Engagement                             50
Group Financial Summary                          52
Independent Auditor’s Report                     53
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             58
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   59
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       60
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 62
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      64
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   66




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                         1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                         Auditors
                                               *    Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond           PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Chairman                            Certified Public Accountants
                                               *    Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                   22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                      Deputy Chairman                     10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                                    Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen
                                                      Deputy Chairman
                                                    Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                                                                          Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                               *    Mr. David Norman PRINCE               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                               *    Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas               Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                               *    Mr. John Anthony MILLER               183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               **   Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                               **   Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP                 Principal Share Registrar
                                               **   Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric
                                                                                          MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               **   Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine
                                                                                          4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                               **   Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                                                          41 Cedar Avenue
                                               **   Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel
                                                                                          Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director    Principal Bankers
                                                                                          Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                               Company Secretary                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                      Corporation Limited
                                                                                          Hang Sang Bank Limited
                                               Authorised Representatives
                                               Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                                                                          Legal Advisors to the Company
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                    As to Hong Kong law
                                                                                          Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
                                               Registered Office                          As to Bermuda law
                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street           Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

                                                                               Bermuda Resident
                                               Head Office and Principal Place Representative




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               of Business                     Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2              Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong              Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




2
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                               Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                      2021             2020          Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                              6,720            6,986             (4%)
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                    445              379            17%
Basic earnings per share ($)                                           0.40             0.34            18%
Total dividends per share ($)                                          0.30            0.295              2%


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                         10,650          10,432              2%
Current liabilities                                                  (2,660)          (2,874)           (7%)


Total assets less current liabilities                                 7,990            7,558             6%
Non-current liabilities                                              (2,893)          (2,545)           14%
Non-controlling interests                                                22               20            10%


Net assets                                                            5,119            5,033             2%


Share capital                                                           111              112            (1%)
Reserves                                                              5,008            4,921             2%


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company            5,119            5,033             2%

                                                                   Year ended 30 June
                                                                      2021            2020           Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash inflow from operating activities                             2,420            2,017            20%
Interest received                                                        38                85          (55%)
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (851)            (540)           58%
Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost             (507)                 –            N/A
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost            179              319           (44%)
Payment of mobile license fees                                         (120)              (96)          25%
Dividends paid                                                         (328)            (389)          (16%)
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                     (223)            (494)          (55%)
Principal elements of lease payments                                   (712)            (758)            (6%)
Payment for repurchase of shares                                        (47)              (22)         114%
Others                                                                   (6)                (2)        200%


Net (decrease)/increase in short-term bank deposits,




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
  and cash and cash equivalents                                        (157)             120             N/A
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   1                1            (0%)


                                                                       (156)             121             N/A




                                                                                                                    3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Drive for digital transformation to accelerate
                                               5G development in Hong Kong


                                               1. Technology Leadership

                                                   SmarTone 5G LAB unleashes the possibilities of 5G applications in business and daily life, to encourage
                                                   cross-industry collaboration and propel Hong Kong’s emergence as a leading innovation hub.




                                                   SmarTone and KMB joint hand to launch the first 5G Bus. By connecting to the SmarTone 5G network,
                                                   passengers can enjoy ultra-fast 5G internet services in the bus compartment.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED   *   Based on results obtained from SmarTone’s road test conducted on 19 July 2021. The route of the road test went through the 18 districts of
                                                   Hong Kong, covering major roads including expressways, trunk roads, tunnels and bridges. The result shows that SmarTone’s 5G network has
                                                   coverage in each of the districts. 5G coverage is defined as spot with received 5G radio signal level not weaker than -95dBm.




4
                                                                      BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation

  SmarTone Solutions injected the latest 5G technology into end-to-end enterprise solutions to unleash the
  digital transformation of enterprises and development of Smart City.

                                                      SmartWorks




         Smart Transport                                                          SmartHotel




          Smart Mall Management                                                 SmarTrack




                                                     Smart Restroom




  SmarTone Home 5G Broadband gives customers a hassle-free home internet experience with 5G ultra-fast
  speed. It provides a new choice of home internet to add a “private broadband” anytime.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy

                                                   SmarTone was selected as the “Best Preferred Mobile Service Operator for 5G” in an independent
                                                   market survey1. Utilising our powerful network, top quality services driven by innovation, intelligence and an
                                                   all-round knowledge of consumer needs, we developed customised services and experiences and differentiate
                                                   each segment for all customers.




                                                   With excellent network and customer service, we are proud to be recognised by prestigious awards,
                                                   including 2020 Service Talent Award of the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, “The Best Mobile
                                                   Network” and “The Best 5G Home Broadband Service” at the e-zone e-brand awards.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   A premium membership programme has been delivering a world of prestige to customers, including
                                                   birthday celebrations, selected offers, priority and privileges, refined experiences as well as flash surprises.




6
                                               1
                                                   Independent research by Nuance Tree Research Company
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



4. Digitalization

  Full digital brand “Birdie“ continues to partner with major brands in the city, offering promotions that benefit
  our customers to elevate its young brand image and customer loyalty.




 Award-winning website and online store to offer
 a customer-centric experience.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
                                                                   Chatbot continues to improve
                                                                   customer experience and enhance
                                                                   efficiency.


                                                                                                                        7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               During the year under review, business conditions remained challenging as COVID continues to affect all aspects
                                               of daily life. As the virtual stoppage of international travel continued, roaming revenue, which previously was a
                                               key source of profitability, remained at a historic low. Despite these challenges, the Company delivered a profit
                                               attributable to equity holders of $445M for FY21, which compares to $440M (excluding the one-off impairment
                                               charge of $61M) for FY20.

                                               During the past year, the Company was able to grow local service revenue (excluding roaming) by 2%. This was due
                                               to a number of key factors. Firstly, the uptake on SmarTone’s 5G services was encouraging, with 5G commanding a
                                               premium over 4G services. Secondly, the Enterprise Solutions business started to rebound as corporates increasingly
                                               adopted digital services. Thirdly, SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband started to ramp up growth – the feedback from
                                               customers so far has been excellent. These underlying drivers of revenue growth, coupled with an increasing mobile
                                               postpaid exit ARPU from $189 to $202, continue to show good momentum.

                                               The challenging environment prompted management to adopt new ways to make our operations leaner without
                                               sacrificing quality of services. SmarTone launched a cost efficiency program to lower cost and enhance productivity,
                                               which is delivering early results. The majority of savings the Company achieved during the year under review will be
                                               recurring, and future savings are planned as the investment in digital transformation continues. These actions will help
                                               position the Company to take advantage of new service opportunities with the adoption of 5G.

                                               The Company launched 5G services in May 2020. Our vision is to build a world-class network that we and Hong Kong
                                               can be proud of. This is why we have invested heavily, and this is why we will continue to invest. With our strong
                                               balance sheet, our technical capabilities, and our collaboration with Ericsson, we have been able to build a high quality
                                               and cost-effective network. As of today, SmarTone’s 5G network covers 99% of the population, all MTR lines, major
                                               roads, highways, and tunnels. In nearly all areas where previously there was 4G coverage, there is now 5G. Based on
                                               the results of the international testing agency nPerf, which has conducted many tests on telecom networks in tens of
                                               countries, SmarTone’s 5G network was judged to be number one in Hong Kong in terms of 5G coverage. But network
                                               quality is not just about financial resources; it is also about listening to our customers and deploying resources to cater
                                               for their changing needs. For instance, we are expanding coverage in major hiking trails and country parks, as these
                                               places become hotspots in Hong Kong daily life. We are also applying cutting edge technologies with AI to “slice” our
                                               5G network, so that we can provide maximum bandwidth and stability to different customers based on their different
                                               usage. So far the response to our 5G offerings has been encouraging. While we charge a real premium for a premium
                                               5G network, many existing and new users have upgraded to our 5G network.

                                               We believe the development of 5G is crucial to Hong Kong’s transition into a Smart City which will bring benefits to




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Hong Kong citizens. In May 2021, the Company, together with Sun Hung Kai Properties, launched the 5G Lab on
                                               the 100th floor of Hong Kong’s tallest building, the ICC. The objective is to raise awareness on 5G development and
                                               demonstrate how the 5G infrastructure will support Hong Kong’s development. The Lab showcases the many early
                                               benefits of 5G. This is not just about faster 5G speed, although 5G is at least 5x-10x faster. 5G has much faster uplink
                                               speed, which allows users to do “zoom calls” or children to do “e-learning” smoothly without jitters, something not
                                               possible under 4G. 5G also brings much lower latency, which allows for immediate feedback from your apps and a
                                               whole new experience in mobile gaming. It is early days but there will be many more 5G consumer applications to
                                               come. We are confident that our users will continue to upgrade to 5G and that 5G adoption will accelerate.

                                               The 5G Lab has only been open for three months, but the response has been overwhelming. Within such a short
                                               time we have drawn in about 200,000 visitors, including many CEOs of key enterprises who hope to leverage 5G for
                                               applications that can help their businesses. We are opening up the 5G Lab for school visits, and plan to have more
                                               than 300 high schools visiting the Lab by June 2022. We believe the more our young people understand the potential
                                               of technology and how it will change our lives, the more they will be interested in studying science and technology.
                                               This will help Hong Kong transform itself to become an innovation hub as laid out in the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan,
                                               and better integrate with the Greater Bay.
8
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



These are early days, but enterprises are starting to exploit the potential of 5G to improve their operations with the
help of SmarTone. The following are simply some select examples. Several construction companies are already using
“Smart Helmets” which protect workers against heat stroke, heart attack and construction site dangers through a
monitoring and early warning system. The Kowloon Motor Bus Company is adopting new 5G technologies to provide
instant information on how crowded each bus is, so that passengers can plan their trips better, and so that they
can deploy their buses better. Yata, the supermarket chain, is using 5G plus AI technologies to monitor and shorten
the time of queuing in peak hours. The Company is working with several operators on tele-medicine services. The
Company is providing “Smart Health” solutions to several elderly care operators. We believe there are big business
opportunities in Enterprise Solutions for SmarTone, as more applications become available leveraging 5G.


Dividend
In line with the Company’s 75% payout policy, the Board proposes a final dividend of 15.5 cents, making a full-year
dividend of 30.0 cents per share, based on profit attributable to equity holders of $445M.


Outlook
The operating environment remains very challenging. It is unclear when international travel will resume, and when
we will start to see our roaming revenues ramping back up. Next year our costs in spectrum amortization will rise
materially because of the renewal of certain segments of 4G spectrum. Spectrum costs have been a major cost item
for mobile operators, on top of normal taxes that every company pays. Since 2001, SmarTone has already paid a
staggering $5.9B on spectrum fees. In the upcoming financial year our spectrum amortization costs are projected
to exceed $400M, which is close to our current total profit. We welcome the Government‘s recent approach to
substantially reduce spectrum fees on 5G. This is critical for Hong Kong, as it allows operators to deploy the necessary
financial resources into network building. Globally the country with the fastest roll-out in 5G is in fact mainland
China where, not surprisingly, operators are not charged for spectrum. We also urge that such spectrum fees be tax
deductible, similar to other operating costs – otherwise this will create disincentives for operators to invest in building
a state-of-the-art network.

Amidst a difficult operating environment, SmarTone sees new revenue opportunities. For consumers, the gradual
upgrade of customers to 5G will likely accelerate and will be a key contributor to growth. For enterprises, the growth
in enterprise solutions is ramping up, as corporates are keen to use technology to improve their businesses. There
are also new services and solutions that will open up new revenue lines, such as solutions in cyber-security, 5G Home
Broadband, etc.


Appreciation
During the year under review, Mr. Samuel Lee has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of
SmarTone. I would like to welcome Mr. Lee to the Board.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during this challenging period.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 1 September 2021

                                                                                                                                 9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the year under review, the Group profit attributable to equity holders increased to $445 million (2019/20:
                                               $379 million). The increase was primarily due to the successful execution of cost reduction and productivity initiatives
                                               and increase in local service revenue, which offset the substantial decline in roaming revenue as a result of travel
                                               restrictions from COVID-19.

                                               Group service revenue decreased by 5% to $4,339 million (2019/20: $4,580 million) mainly due to the significant
                                               decrease in roaming revenue, partially offset by an increase of 2% in local service revenue. Mobile postpaid ARPU fell
                                               6% to $199 (2019/20: $210).

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales fell by $25 million or 1% to $2,381 million when compared with $2,406 million
                                               last year, mainly due to delay in timing of 5G flagship phones launched in the market.

                                               As a result, Group total revenue decreased by 4% to $6,720 million (2019/20: $6,986 million) mainly due to lower
                                               roaming revenue.

                                               Roaming revenue, which made up of 5% of Group’s service revenue (2019/20: 12%) decreased by 58% as a result of
                                               travel restrictions from COVID-19.

                                               Hong Kong customer number grew 1% year-on-year to 2.74 million through growth in different segments. Postpaid
                                               churn rate increased slightly to 0.8% compared to 0.7% last year.

                                               Cost of inventories sold fell by $88 million or 4% to $2,316 million (2019/20: $2,403 million), in line with the
                                               corresponding decrease in handset and accessory sales with improved margins.

                                               Staff costs fell by $167 million or 22% to $589 million (2019/20: $756 million) as a result of cost reduction and
                                               productivity initiatives.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $42 million or 3% to $1,356 million (2019/20: $1,398
                                               million) primarily due to lower roaming costs, and the result of cost reduction and productivity initiatives on network
                                               and sales and marketing costs.

                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal fell by $39 million or 2% to $1,785 million (2019/20: $1,824 million)
                                               mainly due to decrease in right-of-use assets depreciation driven by rental reduction as the result of cost reduction
                                               initiatives, partially offset by increase in amortization of spectrum utilization fee.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Finance income decreased by $34 million or 49% to $36 million (2019/20: $70 million) mainly due to lower bank
                                               interest rates.

                                               Finance costs decreased by $2 million or 1% to $114 million (2019/20: $116 million) mainly due to lower interest
                                               expenses on bank borrowings as the Group reduced its outstanding bank borrowings.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $153 million (2019/20: $134 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 25.7%
                                               (2019/20: 28.3%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fees, certain payments
                                               have been treated as non-deductible, which contributes to the Group effective tax rate higher than 16.5%. The
                                               Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fees from
                                               the Inland Revenue Department.




10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Group EBITDA increased by $30 million or 1% to $2,460 million (2019/20: $2,429 million). Group operating profit
was $674 million, increased by $154 million or 30% (2019/20: $520 million). Group profit attributable to equity
holders increased by $66 million or 17% to $445 million (2019/20: $379 million). Excluding the non-cash impairment
loss of fixed assets and right-of-use assets at Macau in 2019/20, Group profit attributable to equity holders of the
Company increased by $4 million (2019/20: $440 million).


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was financed by
share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 30 June 2021, the Group recorded
share capital of $111 million, total equity of $5,097 million and total borrowings of $1,588 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances of $2,095 million as at 30 June 2021 (30
June 2020: $2,251 million).

As at 30 June 2021, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $1,588 million (30 June 2020: $1,802 million) of
which 96% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. The Group was in a
net cash position with net cash, including financial assets at amortized cost, amounted to $994 million as at 30 June
2021 (30 June 2020: $604 million).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $2,420 million and $38 million
respectively during the year ended 30 June 2021. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were payments
for purchase of fixed assets, payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost, payments for leases, payment
for dividends, mobile license fees and repayment of bank borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2022 with internal cash resources and available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralize such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $70 million as at 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: $73 million).


Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars which




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
accounted for 4% of the Group’s total borrowings at 30 June 2021. The remaining 96% of the Group’s borrowings
are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates in the
future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.




                                                                                                                         11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
                                               movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
                                               other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
                                               denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 30 June 2021, the Group provided performance and financial guarantees of $2,401 million (30 June 2020:
                                               $3,121 million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,665 full-time employees as at 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: 1,898), with the majority of them based
                                               in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $589 million for the year ended 30 June 2021 (2019/20: $756 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
                                               under review, 1,552,420 shares were vested and 462,240 shares were lapsed. 1,409,680 shares (30 June 2020:
                                               3,424,340) were outstanding as at 30 June 2021.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the year under review, 3,000,000 share options were
                                               lapsed. No share option was outstanding as at 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: 3,000,000).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




12
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2021, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except
for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with a specific term but they are required to retire from
office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in
accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Mr.
David Norman Prince, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric, Independent Non-Executive Directors,
were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 4 November 2020 due to overseas
commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-
Executive Directors (representing 80% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at
the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.


The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                         13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Composition
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               As at 30 June 2021, the Board comprises two Executive Directors, five Non-Executive Directors and six Independent
                                               Non-Executive Directors. The presence of eleven Non-Executive Directors, of whom six are independent, is considered
                                               by the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly to the important
                                               function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also serve to ensure that the Board
                                               maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and
                                               balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or
                                               her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


                                               Appointment and re-election of Directors
                                               All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
                                               general meeting once every three years.

                                               One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
                                               annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
                                               accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
                                               Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

                                               Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after their appointment,
                                               and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                               In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
                                               concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those of the Chief Executive Officer.
                                               Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The role of the Chairman
                                               is to ensure that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures. The
                                               role of the Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is to manage the
                                               Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board.




14
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalized agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.

Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2021. The attendance record of
the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                     Meetings attended/held
                                                                                     during the term of office
Directors                                                                        Board Meetings       General Meeting

Executive Directors
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                       4/4                          1/1
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                       4/4                          1/1
Ms. Anna Yip (Chief Executive Officer)1                                                         0/0                          0/0
Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick2                                                                     0/0                          0/0

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                          4/4                          1/1
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                           4/4                          1/1
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                         4/4                          0/1
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                         4/4                          1/1
Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                         4/4                          1/1

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                          4/4                          1/1
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                               4/4                          1/1
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                          4/4                          0/1
Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                               4/4                          1/1
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                        4/4                          1/1




                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel3                                                                        1/1                          0/0

Notes:

1.   Ms. Anna Yip resigned as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 17 August 2020.

2.   Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick retired as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 29 August 2020.

3.   Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 9 April 2021.
                                                                                                                                      15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ training
                                               All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
                                               the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
                                               with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
                                               corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
                                               developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

                                               Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
                                               This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

                                               All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
                                               2021, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
                                               business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

                                               Directors                                                                                         Type of trainings

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                       A, C
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                       A, C

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                           A, C
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                         A, B, C
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                                             C

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                          A, C
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                             C
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                                                  C
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                           C




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                                         A, C

                                               A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
                                               C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




16
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Committees
The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


Board Supervisory Committee (the “BSC”)
The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


Remuneration Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other members
are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (re-designated from a Non-
Executive Director to an Executive Director with effect from 17 August 2020). The majority of the members of the
Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Remuneration Committee passed a written resolution for reviewing the
emoluments payable to the Directors and senior management.

Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management
The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
measured against corporate objectives.

The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
businesses.




                                                                                                                       17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
                                               reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
                                               the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.


                                               Nomination Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
                                               members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
                                               Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
                                               Company.

                                               The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
                                               and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
                                               The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
                                               sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
                                               available on the Company’s website.

                                               During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Nomination Committee passed two written resolution for reviewing the
                                               size, structure and composition of the Board and recommending new appointment and re-election of Directors.

                                               The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
                                               themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2021 Annual General Meeting.

                                               Nomination policy
                                               The Board has formalized its existing practices into a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures
                                               for the selection, appointment and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a
                                               balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and
                                               strategic objectives of the Group.

                                               The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
                                               limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

                                               The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
                                               attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
                                               interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
                                               independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               executive directors of the Company.

                                               In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings or general meetings of the
                                               Company, the Committee will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the
                                               Board accordingly.

                                               Board diversity
                                               The Company adopted a board diversity policy for the Group. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits
                                               of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and
                                               balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting
                                               the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from
                                               a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
                                               experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
                                               benefits of diversity on the Board.


18
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board – Composition” of this
Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 40 to 47 of this Annual
Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.

The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review the policy, as
appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with professional
accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr.
Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members of the Committee are Independent Non-
Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and
experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2021 to review with management and the
Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).

The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                         Meetings
                                                                                                    attended/held
                                                                                                   during the term
Directors                                                                                                 of office

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                2/2
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                2/2
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                           1/2




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 26 August 2021 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group
for the year ended 30 June 2021 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2021.

                                                                                                                         19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               External auditor’s independence
                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) is the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 30 June 2021. The nature and
                                               ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
                                               Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so as
                                               to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.

                                               Details of the fees paid or payable to PwC and other audit firms (for miscellaneous services) for the year ended 30
                                               June 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                   HK$

                                               Services provided by PwC
                                                 Audit services                                                                                              2,410,000


                                                 Non-audit services
                                                   Taxation                                                                                                    304,000
                                                   Review of interim financial statements                                                                      322,000
                                                   Other assurance services                                                                                    270,000


                                                                                                                                                               896,000


                                                                                                                                                             3,306,000


                                               Services provided by other audit firms
                                                 Audit services                                                                                                 66,000


                                                 Non-audit services
                                                   Taxation                                                                                                     34,000
                                                   Other assurance services                                                                                     55,000


                                                                                                                                                                89,000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                               155,000

                                               Before commencement of the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
                                               and for the year ended 30 June 2021, the Committee received written confirmation from PwC confirming that they
                                               are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of Part 4A of the
                                               Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                                               The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
                                               independence and objectivity of PwC and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution of their
                                               re-appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2021 Annual General Meeting.




20
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 53 to 57 of this Annual Report.


Risk management and internal control systems
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
effectiveness.

The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organizational structure
and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorized use and disposition; ensure
compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management
Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification, assessment,
treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.

The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with six qualified professionals, which is an independent function
reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role in
the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.




                                                                                                                              21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
                                               and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal control
                                               systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2021. The review considered the adequacy of resources,
                                               qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions,
                                               and their training programs and budget. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational
                                               and compliance controls and risk management functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s
                                               risk management and internal control systems against control environment, risk management, control activities,
                                               information and communication and monitoring activities on all major business and operational processes. The
                                               review also considered (a) the changes, since the last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and
                                               the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of
                                               management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function
                                               and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board
                                               which enables it to assess control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control
                                               failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in
                                               unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had or may in the future have, a material impact
                                               on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
                                               reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

                                               In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
                                               stipulates the prohibition on unauthorized use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
                                               have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
                                               Futures Ordinance.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
                                               out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
                                               the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2021, they had
                                               fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


                                               Shareholders’ rights
                                               Right to convene special general meeting
                                               The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
                                               at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.

                                               The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
                                               Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.

                                               If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
                                               meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
                                               may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
                                               months from the said date.




22
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
the attention of the Company Secretary.


Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the
meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of
the requisitionists:

(a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of
      any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

(b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not
      more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be
      dealt with at that meeting.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.


Communication with shareholders
Investor relations
To manage its relationship with investment community, the Group meets regularly with the press and financial
analysts and participates frequently in other conferences and presentations. The Company also communicates to
its shareholders through announcements and annual and interim reports. All such reports and announcements can
also be accessed via the Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of the
management team also respond to inquiries from shareholders and investment community promptly.


Dividend policy
The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earning performance, financial position, investment and funding
requirements, and future prospects. The normal target payout ratio is 75% of the Group’s recurring profit attributable
to shareholders of the year. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to
time.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                            23
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2021.


                                               Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
                                               The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
                                               note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

                                               An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Business review
                                               The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 9 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 10 to 12 of this
                                               Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
                                               the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

                                               Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


                                               (i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
                                                    As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
                                                    on pages 21 to 22, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
                                                    management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
                                                    Group’s operations and business.

                                                    The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The followings are the key
                                                    risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

                                                    Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competition, which had led to pricing pressure and
                                                    increased marketing costs.

                                                    Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
                                                    business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
                                                    operations and affect the service to customers.

                                                    Compliance – The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make
                                                    sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    and regulations will result in legal penalty, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

                                                    Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
                                                    statements.




24
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(ii) Environmental policies and performance
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.


(iii)Compliance with laws and regulations
     The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and risks of non-
     compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws and
     regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To
     the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
     regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2021.


(iv) Relationship with employees
     People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
     training and career development opportunities. It also recognizes good performance. It provides a variety of
     activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

     The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


(v) Relationship with customers
     The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
     improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
     discussions, market surveys, hotlines, social media, online live chat, etc.

     The Group’s superior service has been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from
     various reputable organizations during the past years.


(vi) Relationship with suppliers
     The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
     anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
     suppliers.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2021 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
page 58.


Dividend
The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of $0.155 per share
(2019/20: $0.15 per share). The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of $0.145 per share paid
by the Company during the year (2019/20: $0.145 per share), makes a total dividend for the year of $0.30 per share




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
(2019/20: $0.295 per share).


Five years financial summary
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
page 52.


                                                                                                                        25
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Distributable reserves
                                               Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2021, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
                                               laws, amounted to $1,468,807,000 (30 June 2020: $1,829,358,000).


                                               Donations
                                               During the year, the Group did not make any charitable or other donations (2019/20: Nil).


                                               Share capital
                                               Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are shown in note 35 to the consolidated financial
                                               statements.


                                               Directors
                                               The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

                                               *    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                ** Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                     Chairman
                                                                                                               ** Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
                                               *    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
                                                     Deputy Chairman                                           ** Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

                                                    Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen1                                   ** Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine
                                                     Deputy Chairman
                                                                                                               ** Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                                    Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen
                                                                                                               ** Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel4
                                               *    Mr. David Norman Prince

                                               *    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

                                               *    Mr. John Anthony Miller

                                                    Ms. Anna Yip2




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick3

                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen was re-designated from a Non-Executive Director to an Executive Director of the Company with effect
                                                    from 17 August 2020.

                                               2.   Ms. Anna Yip resigned as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 17 August
                                                    2020.

                                               3.   Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick retired as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 29 August 2020.

                                               4.   Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 9 April 2021.



26
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Cheung Wing-yui, Mr. David Norman Prince, Mr.
Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting. In
accordance with Bye-law No. 83(2), Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel also retires at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
All retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
Company’s Bye-laws.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or her
independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


Directors’ emoluments
The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
Company are based on terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 are shown in note 41 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
business
Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


Biographical details of Directors
Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 40 to 47.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                          27
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
                                               As at 30 June 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
                                               underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
                                               XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
                                               of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
                                               positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
                                               register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
                                               Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to
                                               the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


                                               1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                           Number of shares held

                                                                                    Personal                                     Number of
                                                                                    interests                                    underlying                         % of
                                                                                     (held as                                   shares held                       issued
                                                                                   beneficial         Other                    under equity                       voting
                                                    Name of Director                  owner)       interests           Total    derivatives          Total        shares


                                                    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                 –     5,162,337 1      5,162,337               –     5,162,337          0.46

                                                    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen              437,359               –        437,359                –      437,359           0.04

                                                    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen            116,800 2       11,000 3       127,800           29,200 4    157,000           0.01
                                                                                                                                    (Personal
                                                                                                                                  interests in
                                                                                                                                    unvested
                                                                                                                                shares under
                                                                                                                                 share award
                                                                                                                                     scheme)

                                                    Notes:

                                                    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                          beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                    2.    These shares of the Company represented the vested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share award
                                                          scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

                                                    3.    These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.

                                                    4.    These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share
                                                          award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.




28
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
  (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                 Number of shares held

                                          Personal                                      Number of
                                          interests                                     underlying                   % of
                                           (held as                                    shares held                 issued
                                         beneficial         Other                     under equity                 voting
      Name of Director                      owner)       interests          Total      derivatives         Total   shares


      Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    528,346,6861    528,615,429                –   528,615,429    18.24
                                                           80,000 2

      Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000               –          1,000                –         1,000     0.00

      David Norman Prince                    2,000               –          2,000                –         2,000     0.00

      Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003          7,000                –         7,000     0.00

      Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284          4,028                –         4,028     0.00

      Notes:

      1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
            beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

      2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

      3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

      4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                            29
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                                                                               Number of shares held

                                                                                                     Personal                                                      Number of
                                                                                                     interests                                                     underlying                                    % of
                                                                                                      (held as                                                    shares held                                  issued
                                                                                                    beneficial                Other                              under equity                                  voting
                                                        Name of Director                               owner)              interests                     Total    derivatives                  Total           shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                –          3,485,0001            3,485,000                     –            3,485,000              0.15

                                                        Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                         4,000,000                         –         4,000,000            4,000,0002            8,000,000              0.34

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                          50,000                         –             50,000                    –              50,000               0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                              physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
                                                              options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                                     Number of share options

                                                                                                                                                                                               Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                                                                          Outstanding          Granted       Exercised            Lapsed             at
                                                                                                    Exercise                                 at 1 July       during the     during the         during the       30 June
                                                              Name of Director      Date of grant      price       Exercise period*              2020              year           year               year          2021
                                                                                                           $


                                                              Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016       2.45        8 March 2017 to          4,000,000                –       (4,000,000)               –              –
                                                                                                                     7 March 2021

                                                                                    22 May 2019        6.69         22 May 2020 to          4,000,000                –                –                –      4,000,000
                                                                                                                      21 May 2024




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                                      date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                                                      part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




30
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
         associated corporations:
                                                                                                              Actual % of
                                                                                        Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                        held through        issued voting
          Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


          Splendid Kai Limited                                                                    2,500 1             25.00

          Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25 1             25.00

          Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

          Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

          Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,900 1               20.00

          Note:

          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
               certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2021, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK
pursuant to the Model Code.


Share option scheme
The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on
8 December 2011 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company granted/may
grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the
Company.


1. Principal terms of the Share Option Scheme
     A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is set out below pursuant to the requirements as
     contained in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules:

     (a) Purpose
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to reward participants who have made a valuable contribution




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
          to the growth of the Group and to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain employees who are
          regarded as valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of
          the Group.




                                                                                                                                 31
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) Participants
                                                        Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of the subsidiaries, including any
                                                        director of the Company or any of the subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of
                                                        the Group based on his work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
                                                        relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the Share Option Scheme at the invitation of the Directors.

                                                   (c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
                                                        The Company can issue options so that the total number of shares that may be issued upon exercise of
                                                        all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
                                                        Company does not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share
                                                        Option Scheme. The Company may renew this limit at any time, subject to shareholders’ approval and
                                                        the issue of a circular and in accordance with the Listing Rules provided that the number of shares to be
                                                        issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under all the share option
                                                        schemes of the Company does not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time. At 1 September
                                                        2021, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 102,761,185 shares which represents
                                                        approximately 9.25% of the issued shares of the Company.

                                                        Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share of the Company.

                                                   (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                        The maximum entitlement for any participant is that the total number of shares issued and to be issued
                                                        upon exercise of options granted and to be granted in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest
                                                        grant does not exceed 1% of the relevant class of shares in issue.

                                                   (e) Time of exercise of option
                                                        The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
                                                        Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

                                                        The Share Option Scheme does not specify any minimum holding period before the option can be exercised
                                                        but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum holding period when the options are granted.

                                                   (f) Payment on acceptance of option
                                                        Acceptance of offer to grant an option shall be sent in writing together with a remittance in favor of the
                                                        Company of $1.00 by way of consideration for the grant and must be received by the secretary of the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Company within 28 days from the date of the making of such offer.

                                                   (g) Basis of determining the exercise price
                                                        The price per share payable upon the exercise of any option will be determined by the Directors upon the
                                                        grant of such option. It will be at least the higher of (i) the average closing price of a share as stated in the
                                                        daily quotations sheets issued by the SEHK for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day of offer
                                                        of such option; (ii) the closing price of a share as stated in the SEHK’s daily quotations sheet on the day of
                                                        offer of such option, which must be a business day; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.




32
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                   (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



    (h) Remaining life
          The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
          adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2011.


2. Movements of share options
    Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the
    year ended 30 June 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                    Number of share options

                                                                                                              Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                             Outstanding      Granted       Exercised            Lapsed              at
                               Exercise                         at 1 July   during the     during the         during the        30 June
    Grantee    Date of grant      price   Exercise period1          2020          year           year               year           2021
                                      $


    Director
    Anna Yip   25 July 2016      14.28     25 July 2017 to     3,000,000            –               –         (3,000,000)            –-
                                             24 July 2021

    Note:

    1.    The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to two-
          thirds of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third
          anniversary of the date of grant.

Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
cancelled or lapsed during the year.


Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected
employees until the end of each vesting period.


1. Principal terms of the Share Award Scheme
    A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

    (a) Purpose and objectives
          The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognize the contributions by certain




                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
          employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and
          development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.




                                                                                                                                          33
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) Administration
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
                                                        Scheme Rules.

                                                   (c) Duration
                                                        Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the
                                                        Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.

                                                   (d) Maximum limit
                                                        The total number of shares that may be awarded under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of
                                                        the shares in issue (i.e., 1,124,269,277 shares) as at the Adoption Date.

                                                   (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                        Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any
                                                        employee (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share
                                                        Award Scheme as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or
                                                        allocation of awarded shares.

                                                        The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded
                                                        sums and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number
                                                        of shares in accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such
                                                        shares until they are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

                                                        When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                        the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer
                                                        the relevant awarded shares to that selected employee.

                                                   (f) Vesting and Lapse
                                                        Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
                                                        the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
                                                        anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
                                                        award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee
                                                        of the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such
                                                        shares for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having
                                                        taken into account the recommendations of the Board.

                                                   (g) Voting Rights
                                                        The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.

                                                   (h) Termination
                                                        The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date
                                                        or such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect
                                                        any subsisting rights of the selected employees.




34
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



2. Movements of awarded shares
  Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme
  during the year ended 30 June 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                 Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                        Outstanding
                                                            Outstanding     Awarded         Vested        Lapsed                 at
                                                               at 1 July   during the    during the    during the           30 June
  Awardee          Date of award         Vesting period1           2020          year          year          year              2021


  Directors
  Anna Yip         29 June 2018          29 June 2019 to         43,600            –              –          (43,600)             –
                                           29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to         84,000            –              –          (84,000)             –
                                        31 January 2022

  Chan Kai-lung,   29 June 2018          29 June 2019 to         29,200            –        (29,200)               –              –
    Patrick                                29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to         51,100            –        (51,100)               –              –
                                        31 January 2022

  Chau Kam-kun, 29 June 2018             29 June 2019 to         29,200            –        (29,200)               –              –
    Stephen                                29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to         51,100            –        (21,900)               –         29,200
                                        31 January 2022

  Employees        29 June 2018          29 June 2019 to        563,840            –       (501,000)         (62,840)             –
                                           29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to      1,023,890            –       (442,920)         (95,860)       485,110
                                        31 January 2022

                   28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to     1,548,410            –       (477,100)        (175,940)       895,370
                                        28 February 2023

  Note:

  1.    30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall
        vest on the third anniversary date of the date of award.




                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                      35
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 30 June 2021, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                          Total number         % of issued
                                               Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               72.58%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      806,916,313               72.63%

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
                                                    interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2021, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
                                               or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
                                               Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
                                               SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                               a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                               Group.



36
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Permitted indemnity provision
The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which
he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
the extent permitted by the laws.

The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


Sufficiency of public float
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.


Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company repurchased 11,286,500 shares of the Company on the SEHK.
These repurchased shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2021. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                                   Number of               Price per share
                                                       shares                                               Aggregate
Month of repurchase                              repurchased             Highest             Lowest          price paid
                                                                               $                  $                   $


September 2020                                      3,074,500                4.22               4.17        12,915,000
October 2020                                        1,367,000                4.20               4.17         5,730,000
November 2020                                       4,425,500                4.24               4.15        18,562,000
December 2020                                       1,241,000                4.23               4.13         5,198,000
January 2021                                        1,178,500                4.19               4.15         4,923,000


                                                   11,286,500                                               47,328,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, and except that the trustee of the share award scheme of the Company, pursuant to the
terms of the rules and trust deed of the scheme, purchased on the SEHK a total of 1,540,000 shares of the Company
at a total consideration of $6,785,000, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2021 was there any purchase, sale
or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


                                                                                                                             37
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Management contracts
                                               No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
                                               the Company were entered into or existed during the year.


                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases attributable to major suppliers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                               35%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                         51%

                                               None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the Directors
                                               owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers noted above.

                                               During the year, the Group sold less than 30% of its total goods and services to its five largest customers.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements also constituted
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. For the year ended 30 June 2021, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP totaled $126,503,000.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2021, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $3,889,000.

                                                    (c)   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year ended
                                                          30 June 2021, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $14,787,000.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (d)   The Group provides information and communication technology (ICT) solutions to certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization, connectivity and industry-
                                                          specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2021, the revenue received or receivable were $37,166,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.




38
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
     Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in
     accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the
     Company to SEHK.

2.   At 30 June 2021, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 1 September 2021




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                            39
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               Directors
                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 68) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
                                               Metropolitan University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) and an Honorary Doctorate degree in
                                               Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
                                               Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 71) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of
                                               the CPA Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo
                                               Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor
                                               in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
                                               Holdings Limited. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group Holdings Limited and
                                               Agile Group Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a
                                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a member of Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Kong Metropolitan University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong), a director of the Community
                                               Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He
                                               had held the positions of deputy chairman of the council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman
                                               of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland
                                               Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue
                                               Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                               University in 2016.




40
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 53) has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He was
re-designated as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 17 August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an
undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East
Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a
Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to 1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University
in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management
consulting company. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became
a director of McKinsey globally.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited. Mr. Fung was a non-executive
director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited).

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the president of
the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an honorary secretary of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth
Groups, and a council member and an executive committee member of The Hong Kong Management Association,
a member of the board of the Asian Youth Orchestra, and a member of the board of the Hong Kong Philharmonic
Society Limited. Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum
Advisory Committee of The Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He was appointed director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company with effect from 17 August 2020.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                          41
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 60) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                               Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

                                               Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong, the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical and Electronic
                                               Engineering of The University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of
                                               Electronic Engineering of City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




42
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
Mr. David Prince (aged 70) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun
Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and the governance and
nomination committee of Adecco SA which is the global leader in human resources services.

Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.


SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 68) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director
of Wilson Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu
had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business
operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.


John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
Mr. John Anthony Miller (aged 71), SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by Sun
Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, The Kowloon Motor
Bus Company (1933) Limited and RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited). He was
also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited.

Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organization in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
(1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
degree from London University.




                                                                                                                         43
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Dr. Eric Li (aged 68), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was
                                               appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li was the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified
                                               Public Accountants (“LTC”). Following the merger of LTC with SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited (“SWHK”), Dr. Li has
                                               become honorary chairman of SWHK with effect from 1 January 2020.

                                               Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
                                               Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited.

                                               Dr. Li retired as an independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited with effect from 27 May 2021.
                                               Dr. Li was also an independent non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance
                                               Group Limited).

                                               Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
                                               a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, a past
                                               president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-member of the
                                               Financial Reporting Review Panel.

                                               Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.


                                               NG Leung-sing, JP              Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 72) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
                                               China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent
                                               non-executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013), Hanhua Financial Holding Co.,
                                               Ltd. (since June 2013) and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited (since 1 March 2018).

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress, P.R.C.

                                               Mr. Ng was a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (until April 2018), vice-chairman of Chiyu
                                               Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until
                                               May 2017), general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from
                                               2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong
                                               from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee
                                               of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program
                                               Organization Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority
                                               from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing
                                               board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management
                                               of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.




44
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



GAN Fock-kin, Eric              Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Eric Gan (aged 58) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president
of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SoftBank Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.

Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for Goldman
Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia, including the listing of
SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and many other telecom related IPO
and advisory projects.

Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
Japan (since 1990).

Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.


IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
Mrs. Christine Ip (aged 57) was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater
China strategy. Mrs. Ip was appointed CEO of UOB Hong Kong in 2012 and CEO Greater China in July 2016.

Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
2008.

Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology.

Mrs. Ip was appointed as member of the following committees by various HKSAR government departments:

•    Museum Advisory Committee since October 2016
•    Travel Industry Compensation Fund Management Board since October 2017
•    Council of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts since January 2020




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                         45
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 47) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

                                               Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
                                               Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

                                               Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
                                               Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
                                               Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
                                               Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
                                               Pennsylvania.

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
                                               from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
                                               Franklin Scholar.


                                               LEE Yau-tat, Samuel                Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Samuel Lee (aged 54) was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

                                               Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
                                               transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
                                               more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
                                               forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
                                               business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

                                               Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
                                               management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
                                               company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
                                               the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
                                               undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
                                               markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
                                               technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
                                               been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

                                               Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.




46
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Note:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is
no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which
are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a
basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the
Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’
fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2021 are disclosed in note 41 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2021 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 28 to 31 of this Annual Report.


Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                             47
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               Together We Nurture

                                               1. Grooming Talents

                                                 Introduce diversified opportunities for people development, cultivate their personal abilities and overall
                                                 development, including cross-sector exchanges for frontline service staff, influencing skills training as well as
                                                 lunch & learn sessions.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




48
                                                             STAFF ENGAGEMENT



2. Caring For Staff

  Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with festive delights and
  staff engagement activities.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                   49
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               Empowering Our Future

                                               1. Caring For The Community

                                                 Giving care and warmth to those in need in the community where we serve through various community
                                                 activities.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




50
                                                         COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



2. Nurturing Talents

  SmarTone brings 5G into school campuses by launching its first “5G STEM Mobile Classroom”, offering
  5G STEM courses for local students to experience 5G innovative applications, with a guided tour at 5G LAB.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                               51
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                                                                 2021      2020         2019      2018      2017

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                          6,720     6,986       8,415      9,988    8,715

                                               Profit attributable to equity holders
                                                 of the Company                                   445       379          632       615       672

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                       0.40      0.34        0.56       0.55     0.62

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                   333       331         438        458      659
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)                 0.30     0.295        0.39       0.41     0.60


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                     10,650    10,432        9,883    10,018     9,776
                                               Current liabilities                              (2,660)   (2,874)      (2,673)   (2,497)   (2,185)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities             7,990     7,558        7,210     7,521     7,591
                                               Non-current liabilities                          (2,893)   (2,545)      (2,133)   (2,689)   (2,956)
                                               Non-controlling interests                            22        20          (20)      (33)      (41)


                                               Net assets                                        5,119     5,033       5,057      4,799    4,594


                                               Share capital                                       111       112         112        112      111
                                               Reserves                                          5,008     4,921       4,945      4,687    4,483


                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of
                                                 the Company                                     5,119     5,033       5,057      4,799    4,594




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




52
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 58 to 126, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 30 June 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence



                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                          53
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                               the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                               of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to revenue recognition.

                                               Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                              Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition
                                                                                                                included:
                                               Refer to note 2(y) – Summary of significant accounting
                                               policies and note 3(a) – Critical accounting estimates and       •   Testing the relevant IT control environment in
                                               judgements.                                                          which billing and other relevant support systems
                                                                                                                    reside, including changes made to processes and
                                               We focused on this area because the accuracy of                      new applications to support the implementation of
                                               revenue amounts recorded in the Consolidated Financial               HKFRS 15;
                                               Statements is an inherent risk in the telecommunications
                                               industry. Revenue recognition is therefore designated as         •   Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                               a significant audit risk. Significant effort is spent auditing       assessments on the identification of performance
                                               the revenue recognized because of the high volume of                 obligations based on the contractual agreements
                                               transactions, complexity of the systems, frequent changes            and our knowledge of the business;
                                               to a variety of tariff structures and different types of
                                               multiple-element contracts.                                      •   Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                                                                    judgements and estimates used to determine the
                                               Significant management judgement is required to assess               stand-alone selling price of each performance
                                               the relative standalone selling price of each performance            obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                               obligation and the allocation of revenue among those                 element arrangements with reference to observable
                                               different performance obligations in multiple-element                market data;
                                               contracts. Management has used an in-house developed
                                               application to extract relevant data from the existing           •   Testing, the key controls over the capture and
                                               systems to allocate and recognize revenue under the new              measurement of revenue transactions and
                                               standard.                                                            performing detailed testing of revenue transactions,
                                                                                                                    on a sample basis, by tracing the transactions from
                                                                                                                    the billing systems to supporting documents, such




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                    as underlying invoices, contractual agreements and
                                                                                                                    evidence of cash receipts; and

                                                                                                                •   Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                                                                                                    allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                                                                                                    performance obligation of multiple-element
                                                                                                                    arrangements and the related journal entries
                                                                                                                    posting.




54
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                             55
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981
                                               of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                               scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                                    Group’s internal control.

                                               •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                                    related disclosures made by the directors.

                                               •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
                                                    on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
                                                    cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                                                    uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
                                                    consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
                                                    are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                                    conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
                                                    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
                                                    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                               •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
                                                    activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
                                                    for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
                                                    opinion.




56
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions to be taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse Ming Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 1 September 2021




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                               57
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                                                     Notes               $000              $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                            4,338,890         4,579,953
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          2,381,418         2,406,498


                                               Revenues                                                                5            6,720,308         6,986,451
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (2,315,791)       (2,403,331)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (372,041)         (379,252)
                                               Staff costs                                                             6             (588,682)         (756,006)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                           9             (984,203)       (1,018,635)
                                               Depreciation, amortization, impairment and loss on disposal             9           (1,785,376)       (1,909,401)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       674,215           519,826
                                               Finance income                                                          7               35,853            69,672
                                               Finance costs                                                           8             (114,035)         (115,700)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                 9             596,033           473,798
                                               Income tax expense                                                      10            (153,395)         (134,181)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                442,638          339,617


                                               Attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                                          444,621          378,985
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                               (1,983)          (39,368)


                                                                                                                                      442,638          339,617


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders
                                                 of the Company during the year (expressed in cents per share)         14
                                                 Basic                                                                                   39.9              33.8
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 39.9              33.8




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED



                                               The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
58
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                          For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                     2021            2020
                                                                                     $000            $000

Profit for the year                                                               442,638         339,617


Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                 2,998           (2,086)
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value gain/(loss) on financial asset at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                            12,404             (209)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                     15,402           (2,295)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                           458,040         337,322


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                                     460,023         376,690
Non-controlling interests                                                          (1,983)         (39,368)


                                                                                  458,040         337,322




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                               59
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                              2021        2020
                                                                                                                  Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        16     2,679,862   2,704,484
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                          17        76,874      77,706
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        68,571     139,859
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                 19       904,627     945,204
                                               Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22        16,755       4,351
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23       422,825           –
                                               Intangible assets                                                   24     3,119,536   2,872,560
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       167,485     123,932
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                          26         5,585       4,141


                                               Total non-current assets                                                   7,462,123   6,872,240


                                               Current assets
                                               Inventories                                                         27        57,423      59,645
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23        64,641     155,560
                                               Contract assets                                                     18       117,342     185,974
                                               Trade receivables                                                   25       332,177     360,682
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       211,331     247,602
                                               Other receivables                                                   25        56,654      47,588
                                               Tax reserve certificate                                                      253,484     252,362
                                               Short-term bank deposits                                            28             –     123,316
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                           28     2,094,884   2,127,409


                                               Total current assets                                                       3,187,936   3,560,138


                                               Current liabilities
                                               Trade payables                                                      29      414,085     451,790
                                               Other payables and accruals                                         29      702,534     768,923
                                               Contract liabilities                                                30      285,406     280,899




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Lease liabilities                                                   31      546,301     631,004
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                              492,981     466,185
                                               Bank borrowings                                                     32       77,189     130,885
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits                                            38,538      58,445
                                               Mobile license fee liabilities                                      33      102,912      85,924


                                               Total current liabilities                                                  2,659,946   2,874,055




60
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                              At 30 June 2021
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Customer prepayments and deposits                                                       9,008          8,952
Asset retirement obligations                                           34              67,374         49,938
Contract liabilities                                                   30              15,632              –
Lease liabilities                                                      31             351,465        331,540
Bank and other borrowings                                              32           1,510,771      1,671,419
Mobile license fee liabilities                                         33             826,962        369,769
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             111,793        113,580


Total non-current liabilities                                                       2,893,005      2,545,198


Net assets                                                                          5,097,108      5,013,125


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          35             111,099        112,227
Reserves                                                                            5,007,874      4,920,780


Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                          5,118,973      5,033,007
Non-controlling interests                                                             (21,865)        (19,882)


Total equity                                                                        5,097,108      5,013,125

The financial statements on pages 58 to 126 were approved by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2021 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Chau Kam-kun, Stephen
Director                                         Director




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21

The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                 61
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                             2021          2020
                                                                                                                Notes        $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                   596,033      473,798
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                    16       659,709      679,276
                                                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             19       710,775      785,787
                                                 Amortization of intangible assets                               24       325,552      287,704
                                                 Amortization of customer acquisition costs                      17        72,121        63,014
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                 9        17,219         8,375
                                                 Impairment loss of fixed assets                                 16             –        75,057
                                                 Impairment loss of right-of-use assets                          19             –        10,188
                                                 Finance income                                                   7       (35,853)      (69,672)
                                                 Finance costs                                                    8       114,035      115,700
                                                 Share-based payments                                             6         8,461        12,166


                                                                                                                        2,468,052     2,441,393
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 Decrease in inventories                                                    2,222        19,827
                                                 Decrease in contract assets, trade receivables, deposits,
                                                   prepayments and other receivables                                      153,029      116,741
                                                 Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables, accruals,
                                                   contract liabilities and deferred income                               104,939        (97,902)
                                                 Decrease in customer prepayments and deposits                            (19,851)     (101,425)
                                                 Capitalization of customer acquisition costs                             (71,289)      (79,813)


                                               Cash generated from operations                                           2,637,102     2,298,821
                                                 Interest paid                                                            (85,698)     (107,552)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                         (129,851)     (174,573)
                                                 Purchase of tax reserve certificate                                       (1,122)            –


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                2,420,431     2,016,696




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                    (850,507)     (540,089)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                       344            268
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost             179,107       319,220
                                                 Payment of mobile license fees                                          (119,855)       (96,019)
                                                 Decrease in short-term bank deposits                                     123,316         49,988
                                                 Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost              (506,593)             –
                                                 Interest received                                                         38,235         85,423


                                               Net cash outflow from investing activities                               (1,135,953)    (181,209)




62
                                      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                     Notes              $000                 $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                    (47,328)             (21,522)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                            (6,785)               (2,227)
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                             –               60,000
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                       (222,783)           (553,530)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                               (712,483)           (758,474)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                                     (328,405)           (389,263)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (1,317,784)      (1,665,016)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  (33,306)           170,471

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                2,127,409            1,955,987
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                 781                  951


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                   28          2,094,884            2,127,409




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21

The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                       63
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                   Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                                                      Capital                         share-based                                                   Non-
                                                                                               Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed      compensation       Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                                                                              capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus             reserve       reserve      profits        Total      interests        Total
                                                                                               $000         $000          $000          $000             $000                $000          $000        $000          $000          $000          $000

                                               At 30 June 2019                               112,453    1,632,371        2,662        15,449             (8,296)           18,720        (1,987)   3,285,791    5,057,163        19,486     5,076,649


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                 –           –             –              –                 –                    –          –     378,985      378,985        (39,368)     339,617
                                               Other comprehensive loss
                                               Fair value loss on financial asset
                                                 at fair value through other
                                                 comprehensive income                              –           –          (209)             –                 –                    –          –            –         (209)             –         (209)
                                               Currency translation differences                    –           –             –              –                 –                    –     (2,086)           –       (2,086)             –       (2,086)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the year
                                                 ended 30 June 2020                                –           –          (209)             –                 –                    –     (2,086)    378,985      376,690        (39,368)     337,322


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                       –           –             –             –                  –            12,166             –            –       12,166              –       12,166
                                               Lapse of share award                                –           –             –             –                461              (461)            –            –             –             –             –
                                               Vesting of share award                              –           –             –             –            11,059            (12,085)            –        1,026             –             –             –
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 35(c))                (369)          –             –           369                  –                 –             –      (21,522)     (21,522)             –      (21,522)
                                               Purchase of shares for share award scheme           –           –             –             –             (2,227)                –             –            –        (2,227)            –        (2,227)
                                               Payment of 2019 final dividend (note 35(b))        83       5,401             –             –                  –                 –             –     (235,378)    (229,894)             –     (229,894)
                                               Payment of 2020 interim dividend (note 15)         60       3,214             –             –                  –                 –             –     (162,643)    (159,369)             –     (159,369)


                                               Total transactions with owners                   (226)      8,615             –           369             9,293               (380)            –     (418,517)    (400,846)             –     (400,846)


                                               At 30 June 2020                               112,227    1,640,986        2,453        15,818               997             18,340        (4,073)   3,246,259    5,033,007       (19,882)    5,013,125




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




64
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                              For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                  Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                      Capital                   share-based                                                      Non-
                                              Share        Share    Revaluation   redemption      Contributed compensation        Exchange       Retained                  controlling
                                             capital    premium         reserve       reserve         surplus       reserve         reserve        profits        Total      interests       Total
                                               $000         $000           $000          $000            $000          $000            $000          $000         $000           $000        $000

At 30 June 2020                              112,227    1,640,986         2,453        15,818             997           18,340       (4,073)     3,246,259    5,033,007       (19,882)   5,013,125


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                –           –              –             –                –               –            –       444,621      444,621         (1,983)    442,638
Other comprehensive gain
Fair value gain on financial asset
    at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                           –           –         12,404             –                –               –           –               –      12,404              –      12,404
Currency translation differences                   –           –              –             –                –               –       2,998               –       2,998              –       2,998


Total comprehensive income for the year
   ended 30 June 2021                              –           –         12,404             –                –               –       2,998        444,621      460,023         (1,983)    458,040


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                      –           –              –             –                –           8,461            –              –        8,461             –        8,461
Lapse of share option                              –           –              –             –                –          (7,530)           –          7,530            –             –            –
Lapse of share award                               –           –              –             –                –          (2,169)           –          2,169            –             –            –
Vesting of share award                             –           –              –             –            6,842         (11,059)           –          4,217            –             –            –
Repurchase of shares (note 35(c))             (1,128)          –              –         1,128                –               –            –        (47,328)     (47,328)            –      (47,328)
Purchase of shares for share award scheme          –           –              –             –           (6,785)              –            –              –       (6,785)            –       (6,785)
Payment of 2020 final dividend                     –           –              –             –                –               –            –       (167,312)    (167,312)            –     (167,312)
Payment of 2021 interim dividend (note 15)         –           –              –             –                –               –            –       (161,093)    (161,093)            –     (161,093)


Total transactions with owners                (1,128)          –              –         1,128              57          (12,297)           –       (361,817)    (374,057)            –     (374,057)


At 30 June 2021                              111,099    1,640,986        14,857        16,946           1,054            6,043       (1,075)     3,329,063    5,118,973       (21,865)   5,097,108




                                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      65
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2021.

                                                   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.


                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
                                                   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                                   stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                                                              Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
                                                              Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
                                                              historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                                              measured at fair value.

                                                        (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                                                              The Group has applied the following new and amended standards for the first time for their annual
                                                              reporting period commencing 1 July 2020.

                                                              Conceptual Framework for Financial          Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                Reporting 2018
                                                              HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)              Definition of Material
                                                              HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                        Definition of a Business
                                                              HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and                        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                                                                HKAS 39 (Amendments)
                                                              HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                       COVID-19-related Rent Concessions

                                                              The adoption of these amendments did not have any impact on the amounts recognized in prior
                                                              periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




66
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted
            Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
            been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2021 reporting periods and have not been early
            adopted by the Group.

            Annual Improvements Project                    Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle2
            HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
            HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,            Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 21
              and HKFRS 16 (Amendments)
            HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                   Narrow-scope Amendments2
              (Amendments)
            HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                              Associate or Joint Venture4
            HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts3
            HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                              Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                              on Demand Clause3
            1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
            2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
            3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
            4
                 The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.


   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
      (i)   Subsidiaries
            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
            controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
            with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
            of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
            Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

            Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies
            are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
            impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
            necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

            Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
            consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
            statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                          67
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
                                                        (ii) Associates
                                                            Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                            control. This is generally the case where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                            Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                            after initially being recognized at cost.

                                                        (iii) Equity method
                                                            Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted
                                                            thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                            profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                            in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognized as a
                                                            reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                                                            When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                            the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further
                                                            losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                            Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                            of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                            provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                            investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                            Group.

                                                            The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                            policy described in note 2(j).

                                                        (iv) Changes in ownership interests
                                                            The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                                                            transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                                                            between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                                                            interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity
                                                            attributable to owners of the Company.

                                                            When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
                                                            control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
                                                            fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
                                                            initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
                                                            associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
                                                            income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
                                                            assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
                                                            are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                                                            applicable HKFRSs.

                                                            If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
                                                            proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
                                                            reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
68
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (c) Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
      costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
      received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


   (d) Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision maker.

      The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
      performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions.


   (e) Foreign currency translation
      (i)   Functional and presentation currency
            Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
            the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
            currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
            the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

      (ii) Transactions and balances
            Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
            at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
            such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
            currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss.

            Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings, financial assets at
            amortized cost, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
            consolidated profit and loss account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and
            losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account on a net basis within “other operating
            expenses, net”.

            Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
            fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognized in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                          69
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (e) Foreign currency translation (continued)
                                                        (iii) Group companies
                                                              The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                              are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                              •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                   of that balance sheet,

                                                              •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                   are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                   cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                   expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                                                              •    all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                              On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                                                              entities are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the associated
                                                              exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                                                              In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                                              includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                                              are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss.


                                                   (f) Intangible assets
                                                        Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization (where
                                                        the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

                                                        (i)   Mobile license fees
                                                              Spectrum utilization fees represent the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
                                                              telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
                                                              present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              together with the related obligations. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the
                                                              remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

                                                              The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments
                                                              represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being
                                                              ready for its intended use, is capitalized as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
                                                              borrowing costs as set out in note 2(t). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
                                                              use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
                                                              they are incurred.

                                                              Variable annual payments are recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.




70
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (g) Fixed assets
      Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
      Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
      appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
      the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
      accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
      charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
      over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                                                         Over the lease term
      Buildings                                                                                      Over the lease term
      Network and testing equipment                                                                         10% – 50%
      Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                                   20% – 331/3%
      Other fixed assets                                                                                 20% – 331/3%

      The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
      cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

      No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
      therein.

      Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.

      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
      reporting period.

      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
      amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
      included in profit or loss.


   (h) Leases
      An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
      determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
      time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the
      arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
      Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the dates at which the
      leased assets are available for use by the Group.

      Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.




                                                                                                                           71
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (h) Leases (continued)
                                                        (i)   Lease liabilities
                                                              Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                                                              •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                                                              •    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

                                                              •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee,
                                                                   exercising an option to terminate the lease.

                                                              Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                                              measurement of the liability.

                                                              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                                                              determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would
                                                              have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
                                                              environment with similar terms and conditions.

                                                              To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                                                              •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the Group as a starting point,
                                                                   adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

                                                              •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                                                                   held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

                                                              •    makes adjustments specific to the lease.

                                                              The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
                                                              rate, which are not included in the lease liability until effective. When adjustments to lease payments
                                                              based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
                                                              use asset.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Lease payments are allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
                                                              the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
                                                              rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.




72
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (h) Leases (continued)
       (ii) Right-of-use assets
            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

            •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentive received;

            •    any initial direct costs; and

            •    restoration costs.

            The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives and the lease terms
            on a straight-line basis.

       (iii) Short-term and low-value leases
            Payments associated with short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets and all low-value leases
            are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms as expenses in the consolidated profit and
            loss account. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.


   (i) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalization
       The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
       have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
       capitalized as an asset when incurred, and amortized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
       loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


   (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
       Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
       amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
       carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
       value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
       at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
       of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
       suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
       period.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                       73
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                                        (i)   Classification
                                                              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                                              •    those to be measured subsequently at financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                   income (“FVOCI”), and

                                                              •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

                                                              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                                              contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                                              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income
                                                              (“OCI”). For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
                                                              whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for
                                                              the equity investment at FVOCI.

                                                              The Group classifies its debt instruments at amortized cost. Assets that are held for collection of
                                                              contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are
                                                              measured at amortized cost. The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business
                                                              model for managing those assets changes.

                                                        (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which
                                                              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to
                                                              receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                                                        (iii) Measurement
                                                              At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
                                                              are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Debt instruments
                                                              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                                                              the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from these financial assets
                                                              is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on
                                                              derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses), together
                                                              with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account.




74
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      (iii) Measurement (continued)
           Equity instruments
           The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
           has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
           reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
           investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in profit or loss as other
           income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

      (iv) Impairment
           The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
           instruments carried at amortized cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether
           there has been a significant increase in credit risk. For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group
           applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be
           recognized from initial recognition of the receivables.


   (l) Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
      currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle
      on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
      arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
      in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


   (m) Inventories
      Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, and purchased parts and materials are stated at the lower
      of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realizable value is the
      estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


   (n) Trade receivables
      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
      course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
      classified as current.

      Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using
      the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(j) for a description of the Group’s
      impairment policies.


   (o) Contract assets




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
      Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognized when the Group has performed
      the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
      payment is due.




                                                                                                                        75
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (p) Cash and cash equivalents
                                                        For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
                                                        at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
                                                        investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
                                                        of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


                                                   (q) Share capital
                                                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                                                        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                                                        deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                                                        Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including
                                                        any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
                                                        Company’s equity holders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
                                                        shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
                                                        transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
                                                        equity holders.

                                                        Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.


                                                   (r) Trade and other payables
                                                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
                                                        financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
                                                        as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
                                                        recognized initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective
                                                        interest method.


                                                   (s) Contract liabilities
                                                        The Group recognizes contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to
                                                        an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
                                                        to the customer.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.
76
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs (continued)
      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
      settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

      General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
      production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and
      prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
      period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

      Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
      on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

      Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


   (u) Current and deferred income tax
      The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
      based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
      liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

      (i)   Current income tax
            The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
            enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
            and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
            taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
            interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
            to the tax authorities.

      (ii) Deferred income tax
            Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
            between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
            statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
            asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
            affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
            (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
            expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
            liability is settled.

            Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
            utilize those temporary differences and losses.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
            Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying
            amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
            the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                         77
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (u) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
                                                        (ii) Deferred income tax (continued)
                                                              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                                                              tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
                                                              Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
                                                              and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                                                              Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
                                                              recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized
                                                              in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


                                                   (v) Provisions
                                                        Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
                                                        events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
                                                        can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
                                                        not recognized for future operating losses.

                                                        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                                                        settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even
                                                        if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
                                                        be small.

                                                        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
                                                        to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine
                                                        the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                                                        the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as
                                                        interest expense.


                                                   (w) Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not
                                                              recognized until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company after certain adjustments.
                                                              The Group recognizes a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that
                                                              has created a constructive obligation.




78
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (w) Employee benefits (continued)
      (iii) Retirement benefits
          The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
          for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
          schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

          Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
          as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognized
          as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
          are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
          available.

          The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
          contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
          employee service in the current and prior periods.

      (iv) Share-based payments
          Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share option scheme and share
          award scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 36. The Group operates equity-
          settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
          consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

          Share option scheme
          The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized
          as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
          by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
          (for example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
          impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
          sales growth targets). The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over
          which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period,
          the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
          market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
          any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

          When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
          directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

          The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
          undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
          received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
          an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
          financial statements.




                                                                                                                      79
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (w) Employee benefits (continued)
                                                        (iv) Share-based payments (continued)
                                                             Share award scheme
                                                             Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
                                                             value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognized as an
                                                             expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
                                                             reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognized
                                                             over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
                                                             satisfied.

                                                             The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
                                                             treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognized
                                                             over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
                                                             equity in the parent entity financial statements.


                                                   (x) Contingent assets and liabilities
                                                        A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                                                        only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
                                                        the Group.

                                                        Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
                                                        inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognized.

                                                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                                                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
                                                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                        cannot be measured reliably.

                                                        A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                        change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a
                                                        provision.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




80
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (y) Revenue recognition
      Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
      and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
      discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

      The Group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
      future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
      activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
      consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

      Revenue is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:

      (i)   Sales of goods
            Revenue from the sales of goods is recognized when control of the products has been transferred to
            the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
            title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

      (ii) Provision of services
            Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
            and facilities and is recognized when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
            service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

      (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
            The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
            standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
            element provided within the bundled contracts.


   (z) Interest income
      Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost and financial asset at FVOCI calculated using the
      effective interest method is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as part of “finance
      income”.

      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
      financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
      financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
      deduction of the loss allowance).


   (aa) Dividend income
      Dividends are recognized as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                         81
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (ab) Earning per share
                                                        (i)   Basic earnings per share
                                                              Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                              •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                              •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                                                                   excluding shares held for share award scheme.

                                                        (ii) Diluted earnings per share
                                                              Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
                                                              take into account:

                                                              •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                                   assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


                                                   (ac) Dividend distribution
                                                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at
                                                        the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
                                                        the reporting period.


                                                   (ad) Financial guarantee
                                                        A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder
                                                        for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the
                                                        terms of a debt instrument. The Group recognizes financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and
                                                        performs a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
                                                        guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
                                                        or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
                                                        entire difference is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.


                                                   (ae) Related parties




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the
                                                        Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence
                                                        over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the
                                                        party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals
                                                        including key management or other entities.


                                                   (af) Government grants
                                                        Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                                                        the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                                                        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the profit or loss over the period
                                                        necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.




82
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
  The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
  equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
  policies.

  Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
  including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
  reasonable under the circumstances.


  (a) Revenue recognition
       The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
       standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
       element provided within the bundled contracts. The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement
       in relation to estimating the fair value of undelivered element.


  (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
       The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
       annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
       each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
       estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
       economic utilization and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
       time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
       the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
       Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
       unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
       trends and rapid advancement in technology.


  (c) Impairment of fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
       The Group performs impairment assessment on fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
       when there is any impairment indicator. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use
       calculations or market valuations. These calculations require judgements and estimates.

       Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
       (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
       be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
       projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
       selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
       the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
       financial condition and results of operations.


  (d) Current and deferred income tax




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
       The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
       determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
       were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
       in the period in which such determination is made.




                                                                                                                          83
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management
                                                   This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
                                                   financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
                                                   context.

                                                   Risk                                    Exposure arising from                             Measurement

                                                   Market risk – foreign exchange          Future commercial transactions                    Cash flow forecasting
                                                                                           Recognized financial assets and liabilities not   Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                             denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
                                                   Market risk – interest rate             Long-term borrowings at variable rates            Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Market risk – security prices           Investments in equity securities                  Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Credit risk                             Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,     Ageing analysis
                                                                                             financial assets at amortized cost and          Credit ratings
                                                                                             contract assets
                                                   Liquidity risk                          Borrowings and other liabilities                  Projected cash flow analysis

                                                   The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimize
                                                   the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
                                                   financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                          (i)   Market risk
                                                                The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                                There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                                Foreign exchange risk
                                                                Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities
                                                                denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                                with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will
                                                                impact the Group’s operating results.

                                                                Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                                currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




84
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            Exposure
            The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, expressed in Hong
            Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                           USD                 USD
                                                                                           $000               $000

            Financial assets at amortized cost                                          487,466            155,560
            Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income             16,755               4,351
            Trade receivables                                                            54,961              47,592
            Other receivables                                                                 –                   2
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                    77,872              27,913
            Bank and other borrowings                                                (1,522,117)        (1,646,829)
            Trade payables                                                             (190,400)            (61,435)
            Other payables and accruals                                                 (37,258)            (55,873)

            Sensitivity
            As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange
            rates. The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from US-dollar
            denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                         2021             2020
                                                                                         $000             $000

            US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                         (11,127)           (15,287)
            US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                          11,127             15,287

            *    Holding all other variables constant

            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank and other
            borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk which is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings
            and financial assets at amortized cost issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
            risk.




                                                                                                                        85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)
                                                              The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as
                                                              follows:

                                                                                                          2021      % of total              2020          % of total
                                                                                                          $000     borrowings               $000         borrowings

                                                              Variable rate borrowings                  65,843             4%            155,475                9%
                                                              Fixed rate borrowings                  1,522,117            96%          1,646,829               91%


                                                                                                     1,587,960          100%           1,802,304              100%

                                                              An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
                                                              the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
                                                              borrowings.

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
                                                              on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                                                                     Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                              Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                              20,160             20,874
                                                              Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                             (20,160)           (20,874)

                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial
                                                              asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset
                                                              value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
                                                              manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
                                                              that may affect the value of the investment.

                                                              At 30 June 2021, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                              income had increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment
                                                              revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by approximately $1,676,000 (2020:
                                                              $435,000).




86
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk
          Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried
          at amortized cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
          customers, including outstanding receivables.

          Risk management
          The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
          ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the
          treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
          financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortized cost in accordance with the mandates as
          approved by the Board of Directors.

          The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
          Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
          does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

          Impairment
          The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

          •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
               of multiple-element arrangements;

          •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements; and

          •    other financial assets at amortized cost.

          While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
          identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
          measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
          and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

          The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is
          considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
          these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2021 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
          for these contract assets during the year.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
          Other financial assets at amortized cost include corporate listed bonds, other receivables and deposits.
          These financial assets are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity to meet
          their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model resulted in
          an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.




                                                                                                                         87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (iii) Liquidity risk
                                                            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
                                                            from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

                                                            The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
                                                            cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
                                                            funding requirements could be met.

                                                            The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
                                                            meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.

                                                            The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
                                                            their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

                                                            The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
                                                            12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                            Contractual maturities of          1 year    1 year to   2 years to       Over    contractual    Carrying
                                                            financial liabilities              or less     2 years      5 years     5 years    cash flows     amount
                                                                                                $000         $000         $000        $000           $000        $000

                                                            At 30 June 2021
                                                            Trade payables                    414,085           –            –           –       414,085      414,085
                                                            Other payables and accruals       558,116           –            –           –       558,116      558,116
                                                            Bank and other borrowings
                                                              (include interest payable)      135,850    1,505,958      14,286      67,099     1,723,193     1,601,288
                                                            Mobile license fee liabilities    104,881       68,267     215,212     712,934     1,101,294       929,874
                                                            Lease liabilities                 556,382      251,399     104,279       1,162       913,222       897,766


                                                            Total                            1,769,314   1,825,624     333,777     781,195     4,709,910     4,401,129




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            At 30 June 2020
                                                            Trade payables                    451,790           –            –           –       451,790      451,790
                                                            Other payables and accruals       663,207           –            –           –       663,207      663,207
                                                            Bank and other borrowings
                                                              (include interest payable)      193,700     226,415    1,510,909      73,491     2,004,515     1,816,332
                                                            Mobile license fee liabilities     88,661      65,248       85,018     296,327       535,254       455,693
                                                            Lease liabilities                 646,578     248,765       88,199       1,340       984,882       962,544


                                                            Total                            2,043,936    540,428    1,684,126     371,158     4,639,648     4,349,566




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (b) Capital management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

      •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, and

      •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company, comprising share
      capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
      optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
      Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

      The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
      total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance
      sheet less cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                           $000             $000

      Net cash                                                                           994,390         603,981
      Total equity                                                                     5,097,108       5,013,125

      Net debt to equity ratio                                                              N/A              N/A


   (c) Fair value estimation
      This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
      instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
      indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
      financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
      each level follows underneath the table.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                      89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 30 June 2021 and 2020.

                                                                                                      Level 1                Level 2         Level 3               Total
                                                                                                        $000                   $000            $000                $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value
                                                           through other comprehensive
                                                           income (note 22)

                                                        At 30 June 2021                                      –               16,755                 –            16,755


                                                        At 30 June 2020                                      –                4,351                 –              4,351

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.

                                                        See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
                                                        no changes in valuation techniques during the year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


                                               5 Segment reporting
                                                   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
                                                   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
                                                   resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

                                                   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
                                                   the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
                                                   tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




90
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segment is set out as follows:


   (a) Segment results
                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                              Hong Kong              Macau       Elimination       Consolidated
                                                   $000                $000            $000                $000

        External revenue                       6,363,855            356,453                  –        6,720,308
        Inter-segment revenue                    284,346              6,634           (290,980)               –


        Total revenue                          6,648,201            363,087           (290,980)       6,720,308


        Timing of revenue recognition
          At a point in time                   2,376,218            287,935           (282,735)       2,381,418
          Over time                            4,271,983             75,152             (8,245)       4,338,890


                                               6,648,201            363,087           (290,980)       6,720,308


        EBITDA                                 2,459,628                 (37)                –        2,459,591
        Depreciation, amortization and
          loss on disposal                     (1,780,284)           (5,093)                 1       (1,785,376)


        Operating profit/(loss)                  679,344             (5,130)                 1         674,215


        Finance income                                                                                   35,853
        Finance costs                                                                                  (114,035)


        Profit before income tax                                                                       596,033


        Other information
        Additions to fixed assets                649,694              2,116                  –         651,810
        Additions to intangible assets           572,528                  –                  –         572,528
        Depreciation of fixed assets             657,071              2,639                 (1)        659,709
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets      709,543              1,232                  –         710,775
        Amortization of intangible assets        325,552                  –                  –         325,552
        Amortization of customer
          acquisition costs                        70,896             1,225                  –           72,121
        Loss/(gain) on disposal of fixed




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
          assets                                   17,222                 (3)                –           17,219
        Impairment loss of trade
          receivables                               6,796               775                  –            7,571
        Impairment loss/(reversal of
          impairment loss) of inventories             953              (494)                 –             459



                                                                                                                   91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                                            For the year ended 30 June 2020
                                                                                              Hong Kong              Macau        Elimination    Consolidated
                                                                                                   $000               $000              $000            $000

                                                        External revenue                      6,760,466           225,985                  –       6,986,451
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                   139,268             4,872           (144,140)              –


                                                        Total revenue                         6,899,734           230,857           (144,140)      6,986,451


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time                  2,404,069           139,997           (137,568)      2,406,498
                                                          Over time                           4,495,665            90,860             (6,572)      4,579,953


                                                                                              6,899,734           230,857           (144,140)      6,986,451


                                                        EBITDA                                2,438,256             (9,029)                –       2,429,227
                                                        Depreciation, amortization,
                                                          impairment and loss on
                                                          disposal                            (1,780,002)        (129,407)                 8      (1,909,401)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                 658,254          (138,436)                 8         519,826


                                                        Finance income                                                                                69,672
                                                        Finance costs                                                                               (115,700)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                     473,798


                                                        Other information
                                                        Additions to fixed assets               636,037             4,715                   –        640,752
                                                        Additions to intangible assets          395,306                 –                   –        395,306




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Depreciation of fixed assets            645,064            34,219                  (7)       679,276
                                                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets     777,849             7,938                   –        785,787
                                                        Amortization of intangible assets       287,704                 –                   –        287,704
                                                        Amortization of customer
                                                          acquisition costs                      61,697              1,317                  –         63,014
                                                        Loss on disposal of fixed assets          7,688                688                 (1)         8,375
                                                        Impairment loss of trade
                                                          receivables                              7,800            1,031                  –           8,831
                                                        Impairment loss of fixed assets                –           75,057                  –          75,057
                                                        Impairment loss of right-of-use
                                                          assets                                       –           10,188                  –          10,188
                                                        Impairment loss/(reversal of
                                                          impairment loss) of inventories           437               (965)                –             (528)

                                                        Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by the relevant parties
                                                        and are eliminated on consolidation.
92
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                           At 30 June 2021
                                                 Hong Kong                 Macau      Unallocated          Consolidated
                                                      $000                  $000             $000                  $000

        Segment assets                             9,784,797             101,969             763,293             10,650,059


        Segment liabilities                       (4,832,965)           (115,212)           (604,774)            (5,552,951)

                                                                           At 30 June 2020
                                                  Hong Kong                Macau        Unallocated         Consolidated
                                                       $000                 $000              $000                 $000

        Segment assets                             9,903,860             112,101             416,417             10,432,378


        Segment liabilities                        (4,719,152)           (120,336)          (579,765)            (5,419,253)

        The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value through other
        comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets located in Hong
        Kong is $6,941,685,000 (2020: $6,788,631,000), and the total of these non-current assets located in
        Macau is $75,270,000 (2020: $75,114,000).

        Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificate, interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value
        through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets.

        Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax liabilities.


6 Staff costs
                                                                                                 2021                 2020
                                                                                                 $000                 $000

   Wages and salaries                                                                        534,500               671,617
   Bonuses                                                                                    11,720                33,050
   Contributions to defined contribution plans                                                34,001                39,173
   Share-based payments                                                                        8,461                12,166


                                                                                             588,682               756,006




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                               93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               7 Finance income
                                                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                   Interest income from listed debt securities                                           23,663             14,728
                                                   Interest income from bank deposits                                                    11,221             52,106
                                                   Accretion income                                                                         969              2,838


                                                                                                                                         35,853             69,672

                                                   Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
                                                   effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the year.


                                               8 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                                       Notes               $000               $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                         65,942             80,061
                                                   Bank charges for credit card instalment                                                    –                761
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Mobile license fee liabilities                                    33               21,508             13,056
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                      34                  545              1,394
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                 31               24,337             32,954
                                                   Net exchange loss/(gain) on financing activities                     13                1,657            (12,526)
                                                   Loss on disposal of listed debt securities                           23                   46                  –


                                                                                                                                        114,035           115,700

                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile license fee liabilities, asset retirement obligations and lease
                                                   liabilities due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the
                                                   amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




9 Profit before income tax
  Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                        Notes             $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net
    – Network costs                                                                     559,779         574,573
    – Short-term and low-value leases                                                    40,140          37,616
    – Impairment loss of trade receivables                                25              7,571           8,831
    – Auditor’s remuneration
       – Audit services                                                                   2,476           2,646
       – Non-audit services                                                                 985           1,524
    – Net exchange loss/(gain)                                            13              3,092            (687)
    – Others                                                                            370,160         394,132
  Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                       17,219           8,375
  Depreciation of fixed assets                                            16            659,709         679,276
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     19            710,775         785,787
  Amortization of mobile license fees                                     24            325,552         287,704
  Amortization of customer acquisition costs                              17             72,121          63,014
  Impairment loss of fixed assets                                         16                  –          75,057
  Impairment loss of right-of-use assets                                  19                  –          10,188
  Impairment loss/(reversal of impairment loss) of inventories            27                459            (528)


10 Income tax expense
  This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
  assessable and non-deductible items.


  (a) Income tax expense
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                          $000             $000

       Current income tax
         Hong Kong profits tax                                                          135,581         131,359
         Overseas tax                                                                     1,571           1,378
       Under/(over)-provision in prior years
         Hong Kong profits tax                                                           19,474            (176)


       Total current income tax expense                                                 156,626         132,561


       Deferred income tax




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
       (Increase)/decrease in deferred income tax assets                                 (1,444)            648
       (Decrease)/increase in deferred income tax liabilities                            (1,787)            972


       Total deferred income tax (benefit)/expense                                       (3,231)          1,620


       Income tax expense                                                               153,395         134,181

                                                                                                                    95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Income tax expense (continued)
                                                   (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax
                                                       payable
                                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                        Profit before income tax expense                                                596,033            473,798


                                                        Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%)                              98,346             78,177
                                                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable)
                                                          in calculating taxable income:
                                                          Anti-epidemic fund                                                             (12,605)               (541)
                                                          Interest income                                                                 (3,944)             (9,044)
                                                          Net exchange loss/(gain)                                                           260              (2,048)
                                                          Temporary differences/Non-deductible expenses                                   55,754             44,285
                                                        Difference in overseas tax rates                                                     779               6,718
                                                        Under/(over)-provision in prior years                                             19,474                (176)
                                                        Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 (3,258)                  –
                                                        Tax loss not recognized                                                              892             17,193
                                                        Utilization of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 (2,303)               (383)


                                                        Income tax expense                                                              153,395            134,181


                                                   (c) Tax losses
                                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized           177,528            302,152


                                                        Potential tax benefit                                                             23,332             40,165

                                                        The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        in the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
                                                        indefinitely and have no expiry date. For a subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an expiry
                                                        period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.




96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




11 Five highest paid individuals
  Of the five highest paid individuals, two (2020: three) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 41.
  The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2020: two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                         2021               2020
                                                                                         $000               $000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              8,358             7,440
  Bonuses                                                                                1,000               798
  Retirement scheme contributions                                                          510               420
  Share-based payments                                                                     376               729


                                                                                       10,244              9,387

  The emoluments of the three (2020: two) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                         2021               2020
                                                                                   Number of          Number of
                                                                                   Individuals        Individuals

  $2,500,001 – $3,000,000                                                                    1                  –
  $3,000,001 – $3,500,000                                                                    1                  –
  $3,500,001 – $4,000,000                                                                    –                  –
  $4,000,001 – $4,500,000                                                                    1                  1
  $4,500,001 – $5,000,000                                                                    –                  1


                                                                                             3                  2


12 Employee retirement benefits
  The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme
  (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets
  of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s
  management.

  Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
  of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
  contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
  at 30 June 2021, all available forfeited contributions had been utilized by the Group to reduce its contributions
  payable (2020: same).

  The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
  December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
  employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
  subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2020: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
  immediately.




                                                                                                                      97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               13 Net exchange loss/(gain)
                                                   The exchange differences charged/(credited) to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net (note 9)                                                 3,092               (687)
                                                   Finance costs (note 8)                                                                 1,657            (12,526)


                                                                                                                                          4,749            (13,213)


                                               14 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                                                             excluding shares held for share award scheme (note 36).

                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                          Cents              Cents

                                                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to the equity holders
                                                          of the Company                                                                   39.9               33.8


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                          Cents              Cents

                                                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the equity holders
                                                          of the Company                                                                   39.9               33.8




98
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Earnings per share (continued)
   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                            2021             2020
                                                                                            $000             $000

        Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company used in
          calculating basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share             444,621         378,985


   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                         Number           Number

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
          denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
          (less shares held for share award scheme)                                 1,114,587,861   1,121,551,764
        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
          Effect of awarded shares                                                        246,177         504,027


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
         ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
         diluted earnings per share                                                 1,114,834,038   1,122,055,791


15 Dividends
                                                                                            2021             2020
                                                                                            $000             $000

   Interim dividend, paid, of 14.5 cents (2020: 14.5 cents) per fully paid share          161,093         162,643
   Final dividend, proposed, of 15.5 cents (2020: 15 cents) per fully paid share          172,203         168,341


                                                                                          333,296         330,984

   At a meeting held on 1 September 2021, the directors proposed a final dividend of 15.5 cents per fully paid
   share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be
   reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2022.

   The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
   financial statements.

   For the dividends attributable to the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, cash dividends were distributed to




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
   shareholders except for the interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2020, which scrip dividend elections
   were offered to shareholders. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’ election to receive shares are
   set out in note 35.




                                                                                                                       99
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                16 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                Computer,
                                                                                                                                     billing
                                                                                                                   Network       and office                      Network
                                                                                        Leasehold                and testing     telephone           Other          under
                                                                                     improvements    Buildings   equipment      equipment      fixed assets   construction          Total
                                                                                             $000        $000          $000           $000            $000           $000           $000

                                                    At 1 July 2019
                                                    Cost                                  279,807    156,597      7,842,340      1,191,218        135,455        167,537       9,772,954
                                                    Accumulated depreciation             (240,561)   (30,806)    (5,523,806)    (1,040,789)       (97,278)             –      (6,933,240)

                                                    Net book amount                       39,246     125,791     2,318,534        150,429          38,177        167,537       2,839,714

                                                    Year ended 30 June 2020
                                                    Opening net book amount                39,246    125,791     2,318,534        150,429          38,177        167,537       2,839,714
                                                    Changes in accounting policies        (10,088)         –             –              –               –              –          (10,088)

                                                    Restated opening net book
                                                      amount at 1 July 2019                29,158    125,791     2,318,534        150,429          38,177         167,537      2,829,626
                                                    Exchange differences                     (102)      (142)              –            (63)           (10)              –           (317)
                                                    Additions                               4,371          –           3,428      105,505           5,152         522,296        640,752
                                                    Reclassifications                           –          –       489,095                –              –       (489,095)              –
                                                    Disposals                                   –          –          (8,869)           (29)            (4)         (2,342)       (11,244)
                                                    Depreciation (note 9)                 (12,919)    (4,337)     (572,598)       (82,644)         (6,778)               –      (679,276)
                                                    Impairment (note 9)                      (138)         –        (65,666)        (1,456)          (207)          (7,590)       (75,057)

                                                    Closing net book amount               20,370     121,312     2,163,924        171,742          36,330        190,806       2,704,484

                                                    At 30 June 2020
                                                    Cost                                 264,318     156,357     8,158,013      1,263,397         138,651        198,396      10,179,132
                                                    Accumulated depreciation
                                                      and impairment                     (243,948)    (35,045)   (5,994,089)    (1,091,655)      (102,321)         (7,590)    (7,474,648)

                                                    Net book amount                       20,370     121,312     2,163,924        171,742          36,330        190,806       2,704,484

                                                    Year ended 30 June 2021
                                                    Opening net book amount                20,370    121,312     2,163,924        171,742          36,330         190,806      2,704,484




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Exchange differences                      253        367             –            186              34               –            840
                                                    Additions                               5,049          –         1,875         95,534          11,942         537,410        651,810
                                                    Reclassifications                           –          –       560,230              –               –        (560,230)             –
                                                    Disposals                                 (35)         –       (13,173)           (70)           (786)         (3,499)       (17,563)
                                                    Depreciation (note 9)                 (11,738)    (4,347)     (547,244)       (89,258)         (7,122)              –       (659,709)

                                                    Closing net book amount               13,899     117,332     2,165,612        178,134          40,398        164,487       2,679,862

                                                    At 30 June 2021
                                                    Cost                                 258,013     157,019     8,482,340      1,152,696         134,762        171,325      10,356,155
                                                    Accumulated depreciation
                                                      and impairment                    (244,114)     (39,687)   (6,316,728)     (974,562)        (94,364)         (6,838)    (7,676,293)

                                                    Net book amount                       13,899     117,332     2,165,612        178,134          40,398        164,487       2,679,862

                                                    At 30 June 2021, buildings with a carrying amount of $70,305,000 (2020: $72,744,000) were pledged as
                                                    security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 32).
100
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Customer acquisition costs
                                                            $000

  At 1 July 2019
  Cost                                                   114,882
  Accumulated amortization                                (54,594)


  Net book amount                                         60,288


  Year ended 30 June 2020
  Opening net book amount                                 60,288
  Additions                                               79,812
  Amortization (note 9)                                  (63,014)
  Exchange differences                                       620


  Closing net book amount                                 77,706


  At 30 June 2020
  Cost                                                   195,496
  Accumulated amortization                              (117,790)


  Net book amount                                         77,706


  Year ended 30 June 2021
  Opening net book amount                                 77,706
  Additions                                               71,289
  Amortization (note 9)                                  (72,121)


  Closing net book amount                                 76,874


  At 30 June 2021
  Cost                                                   169,802
  Accumulated amortization                               (92,928)


  Net book amount                                         76,874




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                     101
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                18 Contract assets
                                                                                             2021                                            2020
                                                                                  Current Non-current              Total        Current   Non-current             Total
                                                                                    $000        $000               $000           $000          $000              $000

                                                    Contract assets              117,342          68,571        185,913        185,974        139,859           325,833

                                                    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
                                                    customers.


                                                19 Right-of-use assets
                                                    The Group leases various transmission sites, offices, warehouses, retail stores and leased lines. Rental contracts
                                                    are typically made for fixed periods of one to fifteen years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
                                                    and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
                                                    other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
                                                    security for borrowing purposes.

                                                    The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                    Leasehold land and land use rights                                                      9,282                 9,097
                                                    Transmission sites                                                                    712,069               790,860
                                                    Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 168,719               129,607
                                                    Leased lines                                                                           14,557                15,640


                                                                                                                                          904,627               945,204

                                                    Additions to the right-of-use assets with the corresponding increase in lease liabilities and assets retirement
                                                    obligations during the year ended 30 June 2021 were $646,958,000 (2020: $702,688,000) and $21,702,000
                                                    (2020: $11,346,000) respectively.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account is as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                                                                                              $000                $000

                                                    Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        654                   620
                                                    Transmission sites                                                                    589,121               639,330
                                                    Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 118,626               143,358
                                                    Leased lines                                                                            2,374                 2,479


                                                                                                                                          710,775               785,787

                                                    During the year ended 30 June 2021, no impairment loss for the year (2020: $10,188,000) is included in
                                                    depreciation, amortization, impairment and loss on disposal in the consolidated profit and loss account.


102
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




20 Subsidiaries
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2021 are as follows:

                       Place of             Principal activities and                     Particulars of
  Name                 incorporation        place of operation                           issued share capital          Group equity interest
                                                                                                                          2021           2020

  SmarTone (BVI)       The British Virgin   Investment holding and group financing       1,000 ordinary shares of         100%         100%
    Limited*              Islands (“BVI”)      in BVI                                       US$1 each
                                                                                         US$1,000

  SmarTone Mobile      Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and sales of    100,000,000 ordinary shares      100%         100%
    Communications                             handsets and accessories in Hong Kong        of $1 each
    Limited                                                                              $100,000,000

  SmarTone             Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed services in      2 ordinary shares of $1          100%         100%
    Communications                             Hong Kong                                    each
    Limited                                                                              $2

  SmarTone Finance     BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in              1 ordinary share of US$1         100%         100%
    Limited                                     Hong Kong                                   each
                                                                                         US$1

  SmarTone-            Macau                Provision of mobile services and sales of    100,000 shares of MOP100          72%          72%
    Comunicações                               handsets and accessories in Macau            each
    Móveis, S.A.                                                                         MOP10,000,000

  廣州數碼通客戶服務            The People’s         Provision of customer support services and   Registered capital of            100%         100%
   有限公司#                  Republic of          telemarketing services in                    $27,400,000
                          China                Mainland China

  *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.
  #
         Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.

  All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.




                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                                103
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                21 Interest in an associate
                                                                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                                                                                 $000               $000

                                                    Share of net assets                                                                              3                  3

                                                    During the year ended 30 June 2021, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2020:
                                                    same).

                                                    Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2021 are as follows:

                                                                       Place of          Principal activities and           Particulars of
                                                    Name               incorporation     place of operation                 issued shares held            Interest held
                                                                                                                                                          2021        2020

                                                    New Top Finance    BVI               Investment holding in BVI          375 ordinary shares of       37.5%     37.5%
                                                      Limited                                                                 US$1 each

                                                    The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
                                                    immaterial to the Group.

                                                    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


                                                22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                   income
                                                    (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
                                                        comprehensive income
                                                         Financial asset at FVOCI comprise:

                                                         •    Equity securities which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial
                                                              recognition to recognize in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this
                                                              classification to be more relevant.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                        income
                                                                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                                                                                 $000               $000

                                                         Non-current asset
                                                         Unlisted security                                                                    16,755                4,351

                                                         On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the FVOCI reserve is reclassified to retained
                                                         earnings.




104
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (continued)
  (c) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
       During the year, the following gain/(loss) was recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                                                $000           $000

       Gain/(loss) recognized in other comprehensive income                                    12,404          (209)


  (d) Fair value and risk exposure
       The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
       dollars.

       The financial asset at FVOCI is stated at fair value based on the net asset value per unit of the respective
       fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

       Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

       For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).


23 Financial assets at amortized cost
  Financial assets at amortized cost include the following debt investments:

                                            2021                                                 2020
                                 Current Non-current                 Total         Current    Non-current      Total
                                   $000        $000                  $000            $000           $000       $000

  Listed bonds                     64,641        422,825          487,466         155,560               –   155,560

  The fair values of the listed bonds are based on quoted market prices.

                                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                                                $000           $000

  Fair values of listed bonds                                                                 482,521       156,414

  The financial assets at amortized cost are denominated in US dollars. There is no exposure to price risk as the
  investments will be held to maturity.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
  During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Group has recognized a loss on disposal of listed debt securities of
  $46,000 upon exercise of call option by issuers (2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                        105
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                24 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                       Mobile
                                                                                                                                                  license fees
                                                                                                                                                         $000

                                                    At 1 July 2019
                                                    Cost                                                                                            4,103,521
                                                    Accumulated amortization                                                                       (1,338,563)


                                                    Net book amount                                                                                2,764,958


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2020
                                                    Opening net book amount                                                                        2,764,958
                                                    Additions                                                                                        395,306
                                                    Amortization (note 9)                                                                           (287,704)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                                                        2,872,560


                                                    At 30 June 2020
                                                    Cost                                                                                            4,498,827
                                                    Accumulated amortization                                                                       (1,626,267)


                                                    Net book amount                                                                                2,872,560


                                                    Year ended 30 June 2021
                                                    Opening net book amount                                                                        2,872,560
                                                    Additions                                                                                        572,528
                                                    Amortization (note 9)                                                                           (325,552)


                                                    Closing net book amount                                                                        3,119,536




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    At 30 June 2021
                                                    Cost                                                                                           4,956,837
                                                    Accumulated amortization                                                                      (1,837,301)


                                                    Net book amount                                                                                3,119,536

                                                    The Group extended the mobile license period of the 900 MHz band to 11 January 2036 during the year ended
                                                    30 June 2021.

                                                    As a result of the bid of a block of 20 MHz spectrum at the 3.3 GHz band and 50 MHz spectrum at the 3.5 GHz
                                                    band, the Group acquired mobile licenses of $395 million during the year ended 30 June 2020.




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Trade and other receivables
                                          2021                                             2020
                               Current Non-current              Total        Current    Non-current           Total
                                 $000        $000               $000           $000           $000            $000

  Trade receivables            340,636                –      340,636        367,185                –      367,185
  Loss allowance                (8,459)               –       (8,459)        (6,503)               –       (6,503)


                               332,177                –      332,177        360,682                –      360,682
  Other receivables             56,654                –       56,654         47,588                –       47,588


                               388,831              –        388,831        408,270               –       408,270
  Deposits                      88,761         61,551        150,312        100,097          56,887       156,984
  Prepayments                  122,570        105,934        228,504        147,505          67,045       214,550


  Total trade and
    other receivables          600,162        167,485        767,647        655,872        123,932        779,804

  The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
  receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice (2020: same). An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
  follows:

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                           $000               $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    278,211           296,730
  31 – 60 days                                                                           15,444            20,578
  61 – 90 days                                                                            6,040             5,479
  Over 90 days                                                                           32,482            37,895


                                                                                        332,177           360,682

  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
  customers.

  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
  expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $7,571,000 (2020:
  $8,831,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2021.




                                                                                                                        107
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
                                                    The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                                    At 1 July                                                                              6,503             7,179
                                                    Impairment loss recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account
                                                      (note 9)                                                                              7,571            8,831
                                                    Amounts written off during the year                                                    (5,615)          (9,507)


                                                    At 30 June                                                                             8,459             6,503

                                                    At 30 June 2021, trade receivables of $8,459,000 (2020: $6,503,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
                                                    individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
                                                    ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                                    Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                    729             1,230
                                                    Past due 61 – 90 days                                                                    783               393
                                                    Past due over 90 days                                                                  6,947             4,880


                                                                                                                                           8,459             6,503

                                                    The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




108
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




26 Deferred income tax
  Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and overseas
  is calculated at 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
  respectively.

  The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
  offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


  (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                   Mobile       Decelerated
                                               license fee      depreciation
                                                    assets        allowance         Tax losses            Total
                                                     $000              $000              $000             $000

       At 1 July 2019                             15,621              4,789                 –           20,410
       Recognized in the consolidated
         profit and loss account                   (9,216)             (648)                –            (9,864)


       At 30 June 2020                             6,405              4,141                 –           10,546


       At 1 July 2020                              6,405              4,141                 –           10,546
       Recognized in the consolidated
         profit and loss account                  (5,510)            (1,814)            3,258           (4,066)


       At 30 June 2021                               895              2,327             3,258            6,480


  (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                                    Accelerated
                                                                                                   depreciation
                                                                                                     allowance
                                                                                                          $000

       At 1 July 2019                                                                                  128,229
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                           (8,244)


       At 30 June 2020                                                                                 119,985


       At 1 July 2020                                                                                  119,985
       Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                           (7,297)




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
       At 30 June 2021                                                                                 112,688




                                                                                                                    109
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                26 Deferred income tax (continued)
                                                    Deferred income tax assets in the consolidated balance sheet comprise decelerated depreciation allowance and
                                                    tax losses of $5,585,000 (2020: $4,141,000).

                                                    Deferred income tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet comprise mobile license fee assets and
                                                    accelerated deprecation allowance of $111,793,000 (2020: $113,580,000).

                                                    Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realization of the
                                                    related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognized deferred income
                                                    tax assets of $23,332,000 (2020: $40,165,000) in respect of tax losses of $177,528,000 (2020: $302,152,000).
                                                    Under the current tax legislation, unrecognized tax losses of $132,446,000 (2020: $215,342,000) related to a
                                                    subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss
                                                    arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.


                                                27 Inventories
                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                    Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                    51,593            58,768
                                                    Others, at cost                                                                      18,945            13,956
                                                    Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                            (13,115)          (13,079)


                                                                                                                                         57,423            59,645

                                                    The Group recognized an impairment provision of $459,000 (2020: reversal of impairment provision of $528,000)
                                                    for slow-moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2021. The amount has been included in
                                                    “cost of inventories sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.


                                                28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                    Cash at bank and in hand                                                           902,301             97,920




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less            1,192,583          2,029,489


                                                    Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                   2,094,884          2,127,409
                                                    Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more than 3 months                     –            123,316


                                                                                                                                     2,094,884          2,250,725


                                                    Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  2,092,899          2,247,839

                                                    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
                                                    number of banks.




110
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
  (continued)
  Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                         2021             2020
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Hong Kong dollars                                                                  2,008,430       2,209,529
  US dollars                                                                            77,872          27,913
  Renminbi                                                                               3,677           2,725
  Others                                                                                 4,905          10,558


                                                                                     2,094,884       2,250,725


29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                         2021             2020
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Trade payables (a)                                                                   414,085          451,790
  Other payables and accruals (b)                                                      702,534          768,923


                                                                                     1,116,619       1,220,713

  (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                         2021             2020
                                                                                         $000             $000

        Current to 30 days                                                             251,096          133,442
        31 – 60 days                                                                    56,020          118,872
        61 – 90 days                                                                    38,657           86,998
        Over 90 days                                                                    68,312          112,478


                                                                                       414,085          451,790

        The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in HK dollars which accounted
        for 54% (2020: 86%).




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                   111
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                29 Trade and other payables (continued)
                                                    (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                          Accrued expenses                                                               440,921           431,723
                                                          Payables for fixed assets                                                      172,060           281,016
                                                          Receipt in advance                                                              89,553            56,184


                                                                                                                                         702,534           768,923

                                                          The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.


                                                30 Contract liabilities
                                                                                                 2021                                       2020
                                                                                      Current Non-current             Total   Current    Non-current           Total
                                                                                        $000        $000              $000      $000           $000            $000

                                                    Contract liabilities
                                                    – Mobile
                                                       telecommunications
                                                       service contracts              285,406      15,632        301,038      280,899               –      280,899

                                                    Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
                                                    balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $281 million, was recognized during the year ended 30 June
                                                    2021 (2020: $268 million).


                                                    (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts
                                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                          Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            contracts that are partially or fully satisfied                             2,937,898        2,432,256

                                                          Management expects that 70% (2020: 70%) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as
                                                          of 30 June 2021 will be recognized as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 30% (2020:
                                                          30%) will be recognized as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2022.




112
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




31 Lease liabilities
                                             2021                                         2020
                                  Current Non-current             Total      Current   Non-current       Total
                                    $000        $000              $000         $000          $000        $000

   Lease liabilities             546,301           351,465     897,766       631,004       331,540    962,544

   Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                          $000           $000

   At 1 July                                                                            962,544      1,018,679
   Additions                                                                            646,958        702,688
   Payments for lease liabilities                                                      (736,820)      (791,428)
   Accretion expenses included in the consolidated profit and loss account
     (note 8)                                                                           24,337         32,954
   Exchange differences                                                                    747           (349)


   At 30 June                                                                          897,766        962,544


32 Bank and other borrowings
                                             2021                                         2020
                                  Current Non-current             Total      Current   Non-current       Total
                                    $000        $000              $000         $000          $000        $000

   Secured bank
     borrowings                          –          66,000      66,000             –        66,000     66,000
   Unsecured bank
     borrowings                    77,189            37,003     114,192      130,885       203,600     334,485
   Guaranteed notes (a)                 –         1,407,768   1,407,768            –     1,401,819   1,401,819


   Total bank and other
     borrowings                    77,189         1,510,771   1,587,960      130,885     1,671,419   1,802,304

   (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
         US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
         Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will
         rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                  113
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                32 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
                                                    The maturity of non-current bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                    Between 1 and 2 years                                                             1,444,771            166,669
                                                    Between 2 and 5 years                                                                 9,159          1,443,150
                                                    Over 5 years                                                                         56,841             61,600


                                                                                                                                      1,510,771          1,671,419

                                                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                    values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
                                                    non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
                                                    rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
                                                    market price are as follows:

                                                                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

                                                    At 30 June 2021
                                                    Secured bank borrowings                              –             66,000                  –            66,000
                                                    Unsecured bank borrowings                            –             35,914                  –            35,914
                                                    Guaranteed notes                             1,461,846                  –                  –         1,461,846


                                                    Total                                        1,461,846            101,914                  –         1,563,760

                                                                                                     Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                                                       $000              $000               $000              $000

                                                    At 30 June 2020
                                                    Secured bank borrowings                              –             66,000                  –            66,000
                                                    Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            199,932                  –           199,932




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Guaranteed notes                             1,477,389                  –                  –         1,477,389


                                                    Total                                        1,477,389            265,932                  –         1,743,321

                                                    At 30 June 2021, 96% (2020: 91%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in US dollars
                                                    and 4% (2020: 9%) are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.

                                                    At 30 June 2021, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 16) (2020: same).




114
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




33 Mobile license fee liabilities
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                           $000             $000

   At 1 July                                                                             455,693         143,350
   Additions                                                                             572,528         395,306
   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)           21,508           13,056
   Payment                                                                              (119,855)         (96,019)


   At 30 June                                                                            929,874         455,693
   Less: mobile license fee liabilities included under current liabilities              (102,912)         (85,924)


   Non-current portion                                                                   826,962         369,769

   Analysis of the present value of mobile license fee liabilities:

                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                           $000             $000

   Minimum annual fees payable
     Within 1 year                                                                       104,881          88,661
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                     283,479         150,266
     Over 5 years                                                                        712,934         296,327


                                                                                       1,101,294         535,254
   Less: future finance charges                                                         (171,420)         (79,561)


   Present value of mobile license fee liabilities                                       929,874         455,693


   Comprising:
     Within 1 year                                                                       102,912          85,924
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                     262,613         136,806
     Over 5 years                                                                        564,349         232,963


                                                                                         929,874         455,693




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                     115
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                34 Asset retirement obligations
                                                                                                                                           2021           2020
                                                                                                                                           $000           $000

                                                    At 1 July                                                                             49,938        41,911
                                                    Additions                                                                             21,702        11,346
                                                    Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)             545          1,394
                                                    Utilizations                                                                          (4,811)        (4,713)


                                                    At 30 June                                                                           67,374         49,938

                                                    The provision for assets retirement obligations represents the present value of the estimated future costs of
                                                    dismantling and removing property, plant and equipment when they are no longer used and restoring the sites
                                                    and stores on which they are located.

                                                    The Group has been investing in the transmission and distribution network to supply mobile services to
                                                    customers in Hong Kong. As the Group expects that transmission sites being used for the transmission and
                                                    distribution network will continue to be used to supply mobile services to its customers, the Group currently
                                                    considers it remote that the transmission and distribution network in railways and various tunnels would be
                                                    removed from existing transmission sites. Therefore in accordance with applicable accounting standards, asset
                                                    retirement obligations for these assets have not been recognized by the Group.


                                                35 Share capital
                                                                                                                                        Shares of
                                                                                                                       Notes           $0.1 each          $000

                                                    Authorized
                                                    At 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021                                               2,000,000,000       200,000


                                                    Issued and fully paid
                                                    At 1 July 2019                                                                 1,124,540,030       112,453
                                                    Issue of shares in lieu of cash dividends                            (b)           1,426,071           143
                                                    Repurchase of shares                                                 (c)          (3,691,000)         (369)




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    At 30 June 2020 and 1 July 2020                                                1,122,275,101       112,227
                                                    Repurchase of shares                                                 (c)         (11,286,500)       (1,128)


                                                    At 30 June 2021                                                                1,110,988,601       111,099




116
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




35 Share capital (continued)
   (a)   During the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, no share options were exercised.

   (b)   On 6 September 2019, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 21 cents per fully paid share for
         the year ended 30 June 2019. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend
         in form of scrip dividend. On 18 December 2019, 826,897 shares were issued at $6.632 per share in
         respect of the final dividend.

         On 18 February 2020, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully paid share
         for the year ended 30 June 2020. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim
         dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 9 April 2020, 599,174 shares were issued at $5.464 per share in
         respect of the interim dividend.

   (c)   During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company repurchased and cancelled 11,286,500 shares on the
         SEHK. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $47,328,000 was deducted from equity
         attributable to equity holders.

                                               Number of
                                                   shares
                                             repurchased              Price per share                 Aggregate
         Month of repurchase                and cancelled            Highest          Lowest           price paid
                                                                                                            $000

         September 2020                          3,074,500              $4.22             $4.17            12,915
         October 2020                            1,367,000              $4.20             $4.17             5,730
         November 2020                           4,425,500              $4.24             $4.15            18,562
         December 2020                           1,241,000              $4.23             $4.13             5,198
         January 2021                            1,178,500              $4.19             $4.15             4,923


                                               11,286,500                                                  47,328

         During the year ended 30 June 2020, the Company repurchased and cancelled 3,141,000 shares on the
         SEHK. Of these repurchased shares together with 550,000 repurchased shares in June 2019, 3,691,000
         shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2020. The amount paid to acquire the 3,141,000 cancelled shares of
         $21,522,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders and the amount paid to acquire the
         550,000 cancelled shares of $4,018,000 has been paid during the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                                Number of
                                                    shares
                                              repurchased              Price per share                  Aggregate
         Month of repurchase                 and cancelled            Highest            Lowest          price paid
                                                                                                              $000




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
         July 2019                                 240,000              $7.25             $7.24             1,740
         August 2019                               507,000              $7.25             $7.08             3,643
         September 2019                          2,394,000              $6.95             $6.69            16,139


                                                 3,141,000                                                 21,522



                                                                                                                       117
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                36 Share option scheme and share award scheme
                                                    (a) Share option scheme
                                                         Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2011, the
                                                         Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
                                                         subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed
                                                         under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors. Below is a summary of the share
                                                         options issued.

                                                         (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                                                               Average exercise          Number of
                                                                                                                                price per share        share options

                                                               At 30 June 2020 and 1 July 2020                                          $14.28            3,000,000
                                                               Lapsed                                                                   $14.28           (3,000,000)


                                                               At 30 June 2021                                                                 –                  –

                                                               At 30 June 2021, no share option was outstanding (2020: 3,000,000 share options were exercisable
                                                               with average exercise price of $14.28 per share).

                                                         (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date
                                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                                        Number              Number
                                                                                                                    Exercise price      of share            of share
                                                               Date of grant         Exercise period                    per share       options             options

                                                               25 July 2016          25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021         $14.28                   –     3,000,000


                                                         (iii) Details of share options exercised
                                                               No share options were exercised during the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




118
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




36 Share option scheme and share award scheme (continued)
  (b) Share award scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
     may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
     terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
     the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

     (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                    2021              2020

           Number of awarded shares
           Outstanding at 1 July                                               3,424,340         3,545,400
           Granted                                                                     –         1,553,110
           Vested                                                             (1,552,420)       (1,550,550)
           Lapsed                                                               (462,240)         (123,620)


           Outstanding at 30 June                                              1,409,680         3,424,340


     (ii) Shares held for share award scheme
                                                                               Number of
                                                                                  shares              $000

           Opening balance at 1 July 2019                                       1,112,579             8,987
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                     450,000             2,227
           Shares received in form of scrip dividend                               20,813                 –
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                            (1,550,550)          (11,059)


           Balance at 30 June 2020                                                32,842                155
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                  1,540,000              6,785
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                           (1,552,420)            (6,842)


           Balance at 30 June 2021                                                20,422                 98




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                119
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                37 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                          Bank    Guaranteed         Lease
                                                                                     borrowings        notes     liabilities       Total
                                                                                          $000         $000          $000          $000

                                                    At 1 July 2019                     892,606     1,410,303    1,018,679      3,321,588
                                                    Proceeds from bank borrowings       60,000             –            –         60,000
                                                    Repayment of bank borrowings      (553,530)            –            –       (553,530)
                                                    Additions of lease liabilities           –             –      702,688        702,688
                                                    Payment for lease liabilities            –             –     (791,428)      (791,428)
                                                    Finance costs                        1,409        (8,484)      32,954         25,879
                                                    Exchange differences                     –             –         (349)          (349)


                                                    At 30 June 2020                    400,485     1,401,819      962,544      2,764,848
                                                    Repayment of bank borrowings      (222,783)            –            –       (222,783)
                                                    Additions of lease liabilities           –             –      646,958        646,958
                                                    Payment for lease liabilities            –             –     (736,820)      (736,820)
                                                    Finance costs                        2,490         5,949       24,337         32,776
                                                    Exchange differences                     –             –          747            747


                                                    At 30 June 2021                    180,192     1,407,768     897,766       2,485,726


                                                38 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                    (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                     $000          $000

                                                         Fixed assets
                                                            Contracted for                                        84,520        119,543


                                                    (b) Contingent liabilities




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                     $000          $000

                                                         Performance guarantees                                 2,388,884      3,107,181
                                                         Financial guarantees                                      11,766         13,588


                                                                                                                2,400,650      3,120,769




120
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




39 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 68.69% of the Company’s shares as at 30
  June 2021. The remaining 31.31% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.89% is held by another subsidiary
  of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company
  incorporated in Hong Kong.


  (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
       SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
       accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                           $000               $000

       Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)                         22,427             22,384
       Depreciation and accretion expenses for land and buildings and
          transmission sites (i)                                                        103,503           112,867
       Insurance expense (ii)                                                             3,889             3,947
       Mobile coverage services (iii)                                                    14,787            13,551
       Enterprise solutions (iv)                                                         37,166            45,980


       (i)   Leases of land and buildings and transmission sites
             Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
             offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to the Group for the installation of
             base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

             For the year ended 30 June 2021, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and associated
             companies of SHKP totalled $22,427,000 (2020: $22,384,000).

             For the year ended 30 June 2021, depreciation and accretion expenses totalled $103,503,000 (2020:
             $112,867,000).

       (ii) Insurance services
             Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
             insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2021, insurance premiums paid and
             payable were $3,889,000 (2020: $3,947,000).

       (iii) Mobile coverage services
             The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries
             and associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the
             year ended 30 June 2021, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $14,787,000 (2020:
             $13,551,000).




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21
       (iv) Enterprise solutions
             The Group provides information and communication technology (“ICT”) solutions to certain
             subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization,
             connectivity and industry-specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2021, the revenue received or
             receivable were $37,166,000 (2020: $45,980,000).


                                                                                                                        121
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                39 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                    (b) At 30 June 2021, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
                                                         of SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in
                                                         technology related companies in the People’s Republic of China.


                                                    (c) Key management compensation
                                                         Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key
                                                         management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                         Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                          24,754            35,248
                                                         Share-based payments                                                               1,169             2,510


                                                                                                                                           25,923            37,758


                                                    (d) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                         (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                         sheet items:

                                                                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                                                                             $000              $000

                                                         Trade receivables (note 25)                                                       27,001            20,848
                                                         Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                21,992            25,613
                                                         Trade payables (note 29)                                                             706             1,245
                                                         Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              4,081             3,081

                                                         The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




122
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                              $000             $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,408,680       8,411,160


  Current assets
  Prepayments                                                                   399             988
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              35,599          40,389
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     299             325


  Total current assets                                                       36,297          41,702


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             5,211,844       4,846,180
  Other payables and accruals                                                 2,977           3,750
  Current income tax liabilities                                                 72               –


  Total current liabilities                                               5,214,893       4,849,930


  Net assets                                                              3,230,084       3,602,932


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             111,099         112,227
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     3,118,985       3,490,705


  Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company              3,230,084       3,602,932

  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 1 September 2021 and was
  signed on its behalf.




  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                           Chau Kam-kun, Stephen
  Director                                          Director




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                        123
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                40 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
                                                    Note (a) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                             Company
                                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                                           Capital                 share-based
                                                                                             Share     redemption    Contributed compensation      Retained
                                                                                          premium          reserve       surplus        reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                             $000            $000           $000          $000        $000         $000

                                                    1 July 2019                          1,618,575         15,449       730,893         18,719    1,507,502    3,891,138
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Profit for the year                            –            –              –             –         187          187
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments                           –            –             –         12,166            –       12,166
                                                    Lapse of share award                           –            –           461           (461)           –            –
                                                    Vesting of share award                         –            –        11,059        (12,085)       1,026            –
                                                    Repurchase of shares (note 35(c))              –          369             –              –      (21,522)     (21,153)
                                                    Purchase of shares for share award
                                                       scheme                                      –            –         (2,227)            –            –       (2,227)
                                                    Payment of 2019 final dividend
                                                      (note 35(b))                             5,401            –              –             –     (235,378)    (229,977)
                                                    Payment of 2020 interim dividend
                                                      (note 35(b))                             3,214            –              –             –     (162,643)    (159,429)


                                                    At 30 June 2020 and 1 July 2020      1,627,190         15,818       740,186         18,339    1,089,172    3,490,705
                                                    Comprehensive income
                                                    Profit for the year                            –            –              –             –        1,209        1,209
                                                    Transactions with owners
                                                    Share-based payments                           –            –             –          8,461            –        8,461
                                                    Lapse of share option                          –            –             –         (7,530)       7,530            –
                                                    Lapse of share award                           –            –             –         (2,169)       2,169            –
                                                    Vesting of share award                         –            –         6,842        (11,059)       4,217            –
                                                    Repurchase of shares (note 35(c))              –        1,128             –              –      (47,328)     (46,200)
                                                    Purchase of shares for share award
                                                      scheme                                       –            –         (6,785)            –            –       (6,785)
                                                    Payment of 2020 final dividend                 –            –              –             –     (167,312)    (167,312)
                                                    Payment of 2021 interim dividend               –            –              –             –     (161,093)    (161,093)


                                                    At 30 June 2021                      1,627,190         16,946       740,243          6,042     728,564     3,118,985




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




124
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




41 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                                    2021                                                2020
                                                                                        Estimated
                                                 Salaries             Retirement      money value
                                                     and                  scheme          of other   Retirement Share-based
                                     Fees    allowances     Bonuses contributions         benefits      benefits  payments     Total    Total
                                     $000           $000       $000          $000             $000         $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen          162              –          –            –                –            –            –      162      162
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen        144          5,624        400          562               98            –          229    7,057    8,232
     Ms. Anna Yip(1)                   18          2,168      1,900           95               23            –          114    4,318   12,760
     Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick(2)     23          1,169          –           90               13          275          282    1,852    7,379

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond      180              –          –             –                –           –            –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui              162              –          –             –                –           –            –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince          144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas          144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. John Anthony Miller          144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*      288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*           288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*          288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming,
       Christine*                     144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*        144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel*(3)       33              –          –             –                –           –            –      33        –


                                     2,306         8,961      2,300          747              134          275          625   15,348   30,459


     2020                            2,520       18,837       5,527         1,524             270            –        1,781

     *        Independent Non-Executive Director
     (1)
              Resigned with effect from 17 August 2020
     (2)
              Retired with effect from 29 August 2020
     (3)
              Appointed on 9 April 2021




                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                                125
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                41 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                    (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                         During the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, no director:

                                                         •    received any emoluments from SHKP, the ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of
                                                              their services to the Group;

                                                         •    waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                         •    received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                         In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share options and share awards under the
                                                         Company’s share option and share award schemes. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under
                                                         the section “Share option scheme” and “Share award scheme” in the Report of the Directors and note 36.


                                                    (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                        contracts
                                                         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                                                         Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                         indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                                42 Ultimate holding company
                                                    The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2021 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                    company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of SEHK.




 SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




126
