ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Business Highlights                                         2
Chairman’s Statement                                        6
Management Discussion and Analysis                         10
Directors Profile                                          13
Community Engagement                                       22
Staff Engagement                                           25
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          26
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             27
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   28
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       29
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             31
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      32
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim
Financial Statements                                       34
Other Information                                          49




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                   1
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Drive for digital transformation to accelerate
                                               5G development in Hong Kong

                                               1. Technology Leadership

                                                 SmarTone 5G LAB unleashes the possibilities of 5G applications in business and daily life, to encourage
                                                 cross-industry collaboration and propel Hong Kong’s emergence as a leading innovation hub. 5G LAB has
                                                 welcomed approximately 400,000 visitors, and hosted students from more than 200 schools since its launch.




                                                 SmarTone was awarded the “Best 5G Mobile Operator – Silver” and “Best 5G Connected
                                                 Arena – Gold” presented by the Communications Association of Hong Kong. The accolades fully affirm the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 industry’s recognition of our commitment in pursuit of a quality network and customer experience.




2
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation

  SmarTone Solutions injected the latest 5G technology into end-to-end enterprise solutions to drive the
  digital transformation of enterprises and development of Smart City.


                                                   SmartWorks




   Smart Transport                                                               SmartHotel




                                                                                         Smart Restroom
   Smart Mall Management




                                                    SmarTrack




  SmarTone Home 5G Broadband gives customers a hassle-free home internet experience with ultra-fast
  5G. It offers a new home internet option in the form of adding a “private broadband” anytime. SmarTone also
  made available a special 6-month short contract offer to cater to our customers’ work-from-home and e-learning
  needs.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                      3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-centric Strategy

                                                 With outstanding customer service and professional teamwork, we were awarded several accolades at the 2021
                                                 Quality Service Programme organised by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, including the “2021
                                                 Quality Service Retailer of the Year – Telecommunications Category” and “2021 The
                                                 Best In-Store Technology Adoption – Silver Award”.




                                                 The SmarTone Plus premium membership programme has been delivering a world of prestige to
                                                 customers, including birthday celebrations, selected offers, priority and privileges, refined experiences as well as
                                                 flash surprises.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




4
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



4. Digitalisation

  Full digital brand “Birdie“ continues to partner with major brands in the city, offering promotions that benefit
  our customers to elevate its young brand image and customer loyalty.




  SmarTone is embracing the rising need for digitalisation by offering our award-winning and caring services
  online through dedicated WhatsApp channel, website and SmarTone CARE App.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                        5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               For the period under review, the Company delivered a profit attributable to equity holders of $251M, down 6%
                                               compared to $267M in the same period last year. SmarTone received government subsidies in 1H FY21, and
                                               discounting the impact of the subsidies, profit for the current period actually increased. This was achieved despite
                                               subdued roaming revenues and a mobile market which has remained very competitive.

                                               During this period, service revenue increased 3% and mobile postpaid exit ARPU grew 4% to $210. Since the launch
                                               of 5G in May 2020, the Company has experienced strong customer uptake, with subscribers to 5G services now
                                               ~20% of the postpaid MNO base. 5G plans are achieving a material premium and delivering a higher ARPU over 4G
                                               plans. Benefitting from the corporate digitalization drive, the Enterprise Solutions business was a key contributor to
                                               revenue growth. In addition, SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband service continued its strong subscriber growth, offering
                                               high-speed connectivity at lower cost, to customers who currently suffer from low-speed or high service fees from
                                               their current home broadband service provider.

                                               The Company launched a cost efficiency program to manage the impact of the pandemic without compromising
                                               service quality. The program has achieved material productivity improvement and savings, much of which are
                                               recurring. As part of SmarTone’s continuing digitalization, further measures have been planned to deliver efficiency
                                               improvements. The savings from these programs have allowed the Company to reinvest in other priority areas, such as
                                               enhancements to our network and customer services.

                                               Following the launch of the SmarTone 5G network in May 2020, the team has worked tirelessly to deliver a world-
                                               class 5G network experience. 5G offers significant benefits over 4G with faster speeds, improved bandwidth, lower
                                               latency and improved reliability and security. The enhanced customer experience of 5G is especially felt when
                                               using applications such as Zoom and online education. During the last few years these applications have become
                                               increasingly important as physical meetings may not always be possible. 5G allows our customers, not just to work
                                               from home but, to “work anywhere” and “learn anywhere”. In addition, because 5G’s uplink speed is substantially
                                               faster than 4G, this enables a whole host of other applications from gaming to security systems.

                                               As of today, SmarTone’s 5G network extends to 99% of the population, and covers all MTR lines, major roads,
                                               highways, and tunnels. SmarTone also focused on expanding coverage of major hiking trails and country parks to
                                               meet changing customer needs. In response to the COVID situation in the city, SmarTone’s 5G network coverage has
                                               been extended to the Penny’s Bay Quarantine Centre. In October 2021, the Company successfully acquired additional
                                               spectrum at a reasonable cost. The Company now has the most spectrum resources per subscriber amongst all
                                               operators. The Company will continue to invest more. We aspire to build a true “state-of-the-art” network for our
                                               customers and for Hong Kong, through extending our coverage and the quality of our connectivity. In recognition




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               of SmarTone’s network quality, six influential magazines and journals have ranked the Company’s 5G network as
                                               number one in Hong Kong.

                                               Our 5G Home Broadband service is ramping up well and has received very positive customer feedback. There are
                                               currently many households in Hong Kong which suffer from very low internet speeds. There are other households
                                               which suffer from very expensive fees because they are often served by a single operator and they have no choice.
                                               Some households may pay up to $500–600 a month just for their fixed line connection. Our 5G Home Broadband
                                               provides a choice for consumers against the existing dominant fixed-line carriers. Our service is super-fast and often
                                               cheaper than our competitors. Customers can even try before committing, and we have found that over 90% of
                                               those who tried ended up subscribing to the service long-term. We think this is important not just as a business for
                                               us, but also as a service for communities that don’t have access to fast-speed access, especially in rural areas. This is
                                               particularly critical during the pandemic.




    6
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



SmarTone believes the development of Hong Kong into a technology hub hinges on the availability of a world-
class digital infrastructure, such as 5G. Through SmarTone’s 5G Lab, the Company has been raising awareness
among businesses and consumers on the opportunities and advanced services made possible with 5G technology
and demonstrating how 5G infrastructure will support the city’s development. Since its launch in May 2021, the 5G
Lab has welcomed approximately 400,000 visitors, and hosted students from more than 200 high schools, with the
objective of educating the youth and raising their interest in technology. In addition to benefitting society at large,
SmarTone believes the promotion of 5G will help accelerate its adoption over time.

During the period, the Enterprise Solutions business continued to grow as an increasing number of corporates
launched their digitalization efforts, with revenue registering strong double-digit growth. For instance, SmarTone’s
award-winning Smart Construction offering, has been adopted by many leading construction companies. This solution
enables site worker safety monitoring and detection through 5G, IoT and AI-powered video analytics technology.
But construction is only one of the many areas where digitalization brings enormous efficiency gains. There are
many more applications in other sectors such as retail, healthcare, education, property management, etc. Our major
shareholder, the Sun Hung Kai Properties Group, has itself become a key customer of SmarTone in its adoption of
digital applications. We believe digitalization is an important pillar for Hong Kong to become a successful technology
hub. SmarTone will continue to play a key role in providing solutions to enterprises to build up their digital capabilities
which is expected to accelerate.

SmarTone itself is undergoing a digital transformation. We are using our digital channels and our data, supported by
AI, to enhance customer service. For instance, we have expanded our channels for “complaints” from customers (you
can do so in person, on an app, with a QR code, etc.). This, in conjunction with “machine learning”, has allowed us
to understand our customers better, and to identify areas for improvement in our network, call centres and services as
well as improve productivity.

As the fifth wave of COVID hits Hong Kong hard, we are committed to using our resources in our fight against the
pandemic. This is a critical time as people, more than ever before, need to stay in touch with colleagues and family
members but may not be able to meet physically. In light of this, SmarTone has undertaken a number of initiatives
in response to the COVID-related challenges faced by the community. The “Quarantine Without Losing Touch”
initiative provides free data and calls as well as 5G broadband access to customers under quarantine in Penny’s
Bay to help them stay connected with family and friends. The Company also made available a special 6-month 5G
Home Broadband contract offer to cater to families’ work-from-home and e-learning needs. In addition, as part of
SmarTone’s support for the “Jockey Club Digital Support Project for the Elderly”, the Company provides smartphones
and free basic mobile service to help elderly citizens facilitate downloads and use of the “LeaveHomeSafe” app, as
well as help them stay connected with their loved ones and the community. SmarTone is committed to the well-being
of Hong Kong and will deploy all available resources to help the city get through the latest wave of the pandemic.




                                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                                 7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Dividend
                                               The Board declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, which is the same as last year. The Company intends
                                               to continue to pay a dividend equivalent to 75% of profit attributable to equity holders on a full-year basis.


                                               Outlook
                                               The operating environment continues to be challenging due to the persistence of the pandemic. The new wave
                                               of Omicron, which is hitting Hong Kong harder than any previous waves, is adding to the uncertainty. Spectrum
                                               amortization costs will also be higher in 2H FY22, placing additional pressure on profitability. Notwithstanding the
                                               difficult environment, the Company and its profitability have remained resilient. Business momentum is strong, and
                                               there will be renewed focus on bringing more of our customers on board to enjoy the benefits of 5G.

                                               Spectrum costs remain a major cost item for mobile operators. In contrast to China where no spectrum fees are
                                               charged, operators in Hong Kong are required to pay hefty spectrum fees. Since 2011, SmarTone has paid or
                                               committed to a total of $7 billion on spectrum fees. Our annual spectrum amortization cost this year will be in excess
                                               of $400M. Furthermore, while in the past such spectrum costs were tax deductible, this position has now been
                                               changed by the Inland Revenue Department. Spectrum costs are now categorized as capital in nature and not tax
                                               deductible, consequently the Group has had to buy $345M in tax reserve certificates because of this change. We
                                               strongly disagree with this assessment and will challenge this position in court. Our use of specific spectrum is limited
                                               in time, and such spectrum is not transferrable and as such, spectrum costs should be part of normal operating
                                               expenses and tax deductible. At the end of the day, such hefty fees and taxes are creating disincentives against us
                                               when we are trying to build the best network for Hong Kong. We have effectively been asked to pay hefty spectrum
                                               fees, plus taxes on the spectrum fees, on top of general corporate taxes. These fees and taxes are taking away capital
                                               which should have been used to improve our network and digital infrastructure. Recently Singapore has committed to
                                               investing heavily in various digital infrastructure and capabilities, including 5G, 6G and beyond. Likewise Hong Kong
                                               needs to ensure that we invest in and build up our digital capabilities, and SmarTone is committed to supporting such
                                               an effort.

                                               As a leading operator, SmarTone is committed to investing in building a world-class digital infrastructure in 5G and
                                               beyond. We believe this is important both for Hong Kong’s aspiration to be a technology hub and for its integration
                                               with China and specifically with the Greater Bay Area.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




    8
                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Appreciation
I am pleased to welcome Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman to the Company as Executive Director and Deputy Chief
Executive Officer. Norman joins us with twenty five years of experience in product development, operation
management and startup investment in the Internet and Technology sector. Norman is also very knowledgeable in
digitalization and AI – his expertise will be leveraged to help SmarTone to understand and serve its customers, and to
help business clients as they embark on their digitalization journeys.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during this challenging period.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 23 February 2022




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                            9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the period under review, the Group profit attributable to shareholders decreased slightly to $251 million (first
                                               half of 2020/21: $267 million). Excluding government subsidies received in the first half of 2020/21, the Group profit
                                               attributable to shareholders increased mainly due to strong 5G customer uptake driving local mobile revenue growth
                                               and strong growth in 5G Home Broadband contributing to profitability.

                                               Group service revenue increased by 3% to $2,242 million (first half of 2020/21: $2,172 million) mainly due to strong
                                               5G customer uptake and strong growth in 5G Home Broadband. Mobile postpaid exit ARPU increased 4% to $210 (first
                                               half of 2020/21: $201). Compared with the second half of 2020/21, Group service revenue increased by $76 million
                                               or 3%, mainly due to an increase in local service revenue.

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales increased by $477 million or 44% to $1,549 million when compared with
                                               $1,072 million for the same period last year, mainly due to strong sales in 5G flagship phones as a result of enhanced
                                               customer engagement. Compared with the second half of 2020/21, Group’s handset and accessory sales increased by
                                               $240 million or 18% due to the availability of 5G flagship phones.

                                               As a result, Group total revenue increased by 17% to $3,792 million (first half of 2020/21: $3,244 million) mainly due
                                               to higher local service revenue and handset and accessory sales.

                                               Hong Kong customer number reduced 0.1 million to 2.7 million compared to last year at 2.8 million mainly due to the
                                               expiry of prepaid travel cards. Excluding MVNO customers, the postpaid churn rate was at a low 0.7%, unchanged
                                               from the same period last year.

                                               Cost of inventories sold increased by $454 million or 44% to $1,492 million (first half of 2020/21: $1,039 million),
                                               largely in line with the corresponding increase in handset and accessory sales with improved margins for handset
                                               sales.

                                               Staff costs increased by $69 million or 28% to $320 million (first half of 2020/21: $250 million) mainly due to the
                                               absence of government subsidy from Employment Support Scheme. Excluding the government subsidy received in
                                               the first half of 2020/21, staff costs decreased by 3% as the result of cost efficiency program that delivered recurring
                                               savings.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses remained flat (first half of 2020/21: $683 million) as the cost
                                               efficiency program remains in place to reduce cost and allowed for investment in the business in the area of branding,
                                               new store and sales and marketing capabilities.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal increased by $13 million or 2% to $906 million (first half of 2020/21:
                                               $893 million) mainly due to increase in amortization of spectrum utilization fee offset by decrease in right-of-use assets
                                               depreciation driven by rental reduction.

                                               Finance income decreased by $8 million or 45% to $10 million (first half of 2020/21: $19 million) mainly due to lower
                                               bank interest rates and expected credit loss on bond investments.

                                               Finance costs increased by $9 million or 17% to $66 million (first half of 2020/21: $56 million) mainly due to higher
                                               accretion expense from spectrum utilization fee offset by lower accretion expense from lease liabilities.




10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



Income tax expense amounted to $83 million (first half of 2020/21: $78 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
24.9% (first half of 2020/21: 22.7%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization
fees, certain payments have been treated as non-deductible, which contributes to the Group effective tax rate higher
than 16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum
utilization fees from the Inland Revenue Department.

Group EBITDA increased by $24 million to $1,297 million (first half of 2020/21: $1,273 million). Group operating
profit was $391 million, increased by 3% (first half of 2020/21: $380 million).


Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was financed
by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 31 December 2021, the Group
recorded share capital of $111 million, total equity of $5,167 million and total borrowings of $1,546 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances of $2,101 million as at 31 December 2021
(30 June 2021: $2,095 million).

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $1,546 million (30 June 2021: $1,588 million)
of which 96% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. The Group was
in a net cash position with net cash, including financial assets at amortized cost, amounted to $973 million as at 31
December 2021 (30 June 2021: $994 million). Excluding the purchase of $93 million tax reserve certificate, net cash
increased to $1,066 million as at 31 December 2021.

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $1,060 million and $19 million
respectively during the period ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the period were
payments for purchase of fixed assets, mobile license fees, leases, dividends, tax reserve certificate and repayment of
bank borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2022 with internal cash resources and available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralize such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $69 million as at 31 December 2021 (30 June 2021: $70 million).




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                             11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interest rate exposure
                                               The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars
                                               which accounted for 4% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2021. The remaining 96% of the Group’s
                                               borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates
                                               in the future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


                                               Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
                                               The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
                                               movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
                                               other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
                                               denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.


                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 31 December 2021, the Group provided performance and financial guarantees of $809 million (30 June 2021:
                                               $2,401 million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,702 full-time employees as at 31 December 2021 (30 June 2021: 1,665), with the majority of
                                               them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $320 million for the period ended 31 December 2021 (first half of
                                               2020/21: $250 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the period
                                               under review, 152,520 shares were lapsed. 1,257,160 shares (30 June 2021: 1,409,680) were outstanding as at 31
                                               December 2021.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. No share option was outstanding as at 31 December 2021 (30




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               June 2021: Nil).




12
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kwok
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


CHEUNG Wing-yui                 Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore.

Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Cheung is currently a member of Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong
Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
University in 2016.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                             13
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
                                               Mr. Allen Fung was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was re-designated
                                               as Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from Oxford
                                               University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
                                               recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 to
                                               1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung
                                               worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the managing
                                               partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

                                               Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
                                               (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
                                               is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
                                               Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, an honorary
                                               secretary of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, a council member and an executive committee member of
                                               The Hong Kong Management Association, a member of the board of the Asian Youth Orchestra, the vice chairman
                                               of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited, and the president of the Hong Kong Society for the
                                               Protection of Children. Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum
                                               Advisory Committee of the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
                                               Administrative Region.

                                               Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Fung
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               TAM Lok-man, Norman Executive Director & Deputy Chief Executive Officer
                                               Mr. Norman Tam was appointed Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company in November
                                               2021.

                                               Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tam was a vice president of Tencent Cloud International, vice president of JOOX
                                               Music, and the chief executive of WeChat Pay Hong Kong Limited. He is a seasoned entrepreneur and executive
                                               with twenty-plus years of experience in product development, operation management, and startup investment in the




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Internet and technology sector.

                                               During his time at Tencent, Mr. Tam developed the international business of various areas including social networks,
                                               online advertising, digital payment, online entertainment and cloud computing. He was also active in driving both B2B
                                               and B2C businesses expansion covering enterprises and mass consumers in his scope of responsibilities.

                                               Prior to Tencent, Mr. Tam worked at two international investment banks and co-founded two Internet startups
                                               on education and gaming. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison with a Bachelor’s degree in
                                               Information System and Computer Science.

                                               Mr. Tam is a director of Save the Children Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Tam is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




14
                                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE



CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the Company
since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since 1999.
He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap and
deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
UK.

Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of
City University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and director’s fee of
HK$6,284,000, HK$400,000, HK$229,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                              15
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience
                                               of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered Institute of
                                               Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-executive
                                               director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai
                                               Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and the governance and
                                               nomination committee of Adecco SA which is the global leader in human resources services.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
                                               was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
                                               acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
                                               join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
                                               Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

                                               Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Prince
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson
                                               Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung
                                               Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
                                               than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
                                               and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

                                               Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
                                               Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Siu did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




16
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
Mr. John Anthony Miller, SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by Sun
Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organization in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning
35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
(1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
degree from London University.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Miller received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Miller
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed
Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.

Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, a past
president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-member of the
Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as the
chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other emoluments
during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                           17
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of China (Hong
                                               Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-executive
                                               director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited, Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. and Grand Brilliance Group
                                               Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic
                                               of China.

                                               Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                               Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                               and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                               Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
                                               from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
                                               Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
                                               and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
                                               Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                               Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                               from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                               to 2017, and a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                                               as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president of eAccess
                                               Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank
                                               Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
                                               Japan (since 1990).

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                                               as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.




18
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
Mrs. Christine Ip was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United Overseas Bank
Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater China strategy.
Mrs. Ip was appointed CEO of UOB Hong Kong in 2012 and CEO Greater China in July 2016.

Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
2008.

Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology.

Mrs. Ip was appointed as member of the following committees by various HKSAR government departments:

•    Museum Advisory Committee since October 2016
•    Travel Industry Compensation Fund Management Board since October 2017
•    Council of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts since January 2020

Mrs. Ip was appointed as director of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited with effect from 1 November 2021.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mrs. Ip received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mrs. Ip did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited and Shui On
Xintiandi Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
Franklin Scholar.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lam did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                                                                                                            19
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LEE Yau-tat, Samuel Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Samuel Lee was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

                                               Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
                                               transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
                                               more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
                                               forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
                                               business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

                                               Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
                                               management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
                                               company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
                                               the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
                                               undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
                                               markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
                                               technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
                                               was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
                                               been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

                                               Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.

                                               For the period from 9 April 2021 (date of appointment as a director of the Company) to 30 June 2021, Mr. Lee
                                               received a fee of HK$33,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lee did not receive any other emoluments during the said
                                               financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




20
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman and Mr. Chau
Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed
in Hong Kong.

Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Group for his serving as an Executive
Director and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Mr. Tam is entitled to a basic salary
which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled to
a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and contributions to the Group. For the
role as a Director of the Company, Mr. Tam will retire and be re-elected by shareholders at the next general meeting of the Company
after his appointment. Thereafter, Mr. Tam will be subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Tam is entitled to a director’s fee which
is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2021 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
pages 49 to 52 of this Interim Report.




                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                                                21
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               1. Support for Anti-pandemic

                                                 To uphold our value of “Building Networks with Heart”, SmarTone is constructing at full speed 5G
                                                 networks at 10 community isolation and treatment sites including Tam Mei, San Tin and United Court, to help
                                                 quarantined citizens and healthcare workers in the facilities stay connected with their families and community.
                                                 SmarTone is also the first network operator to complete its 5G network construction at San Tin.




                                                 The SmarTone team arranged immediate deliveries of 5G Wi-Fi routers and free local data
                                                 cards to onsite frontline healthcare workers, helping them stay in seamless connection with the
                                                 outside world during their anti-pandemic works through SmarTone’s quality and stable 5G network.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone is lending full support to customers and frontline healthcare workers and helping them quarantine
                                                 without losing touch by providing extra local data, local voice call, free JOOX music and hmvod
                                                 services, as well as Home 5G Broadband service.




22
                                                            COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



2. Caring for the Community

  SmarTone supports the “Jockey Club Digital Support Project for the Elderly” , providing
  smartphones and free basic mobile service to elderlies in need. Elderly-oriented workshops on smartphone and
  app usage are also hosted by SmarTone’s volunteer team.




  Sending care and warmth to those in need in the community through various activities to build a
  harmonious society.




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                 23
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               3. Nurturing Talents

                                                 SmarTone continues its “5G STEM Classroom”, offering 5G STEM courses with a guided tour at 5G LAB
                                                 for local school students to experience 5G innovation applications.




                                               4. Volunteer Services

                                                 SmarTone fully supports different volunteer services in the city with its powerful 5G network and staff,
                                                 including the donation of free data cards to underprivileged students during the suspension of face-to-face
                                                 classes, to give back to the society and uphold social responsibility.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




24
                                                                         STAFF ENGAGEMENT



1. Grooming Talents

  Introduce diversified opportunities for people and career development , including cross-sector
  exchanges for frontline service staff, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions, to nurture
  employees and enable them to explore their personal potential and professional ability to achieve all-round
  development.




2. Caring for Staff

  Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with online festive delights and
  organise caring activities and initiatives during the pandemic.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                     25
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




                                               TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                                               Introduction
                                               We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 27 to 48, which comprises the condensed
                                               consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
                                               (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2021 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
                                               condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
                                               and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and notes,
                                               comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. The Rules Governing the Listing of
                                               Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial
                                               information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
                                               Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company
                                               are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong
                                               Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this
                                               interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
                                               with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
                                               liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


                                               Scope of Review
                                               We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
                                               Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
                                               of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
                                               persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
                                               review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
                                               and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
                                               might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Conclusion
                                               Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
                                               of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
                                               Financial Reporting”.




                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               Certified Public Accountants

                                               Hong Kong, 23 February 2022



26
                                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                                  For the six months ended 31 December 2021
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2021             2020
                                                                      Notes             $000             $000

Service revenue and other related service                                          2,242,404        2,172,158
Handset and accessory sales                                                        1,549,118        1,072,155


Revenues                                                                4           3,791,522       3,244,313
Cost of inventories sold                                                           (1,492,196)     (1,038,545)
Cost of services provided                                                            (194,092)       (200,280)
Staff costs                                                                          (319,809)       (250,462)
Other operating expenses, net                                           7            (488,454)       (482,375)
Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         7            (906,066)       (892,636)


Operating profit                                                                     390,905          380,015
Finance income                                                          5             10,416           18,789
Finance costs                                                           6            (65,808)         (56,377)


Profit before income tax                                                7            335,513          342,427
Income tax expense                                                      8            (83,436)         (77,586)


Profit after income tax                                                              252,077          264,841


Profit attributable to
Company’s shareholders                                                               251,383          266,596
Non-controlling interests                                                                694            (1,755)


                                                                                     252,077          264,841


Earnings per share for profit attributable to the Company’s
  shareholders during the period (expressed in cents per share)        10
  Basic                                                                                  22.6            23.8
  Diluted                                                                                22.6            23.8




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                                     27
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                             Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                             ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                                                                $000              $000

                                               Profit for the period                                                          252,077          264,841


                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                               Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Currency translation differences                                                271            2,765
                                               Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Fair value (loss)/gain on financial asset at fair value
                                                    through other comprehensive income                                          (2,632)          5,874


                                               Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                                 (2,361)          8,639


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period                                      249,716          273,480


                                               Total comprehensive income attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                         249,022          275,235
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                          694            (1,755)


                                                                                                                              249,716          273,480




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED


                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                                               accompanying notes.
28
                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                   As at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2021
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited          Audited
                                                                               31 December          30 June
                                                                                      2021            2021
                                                                     Notes            $000            $000

Non-current assets
Fixed assets                                                           12         2,692,798       2,679,862
Customer acquisition costs                                                           83,656          76,874
Contract assets                                                                      44,311          68,571
Right-of-use assets                                                                 857,378         904,627
Interest in an associate                                                                  3               3
Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                     14,123          16,755
Financial assets at amortized cost                                                  377,475         422,825
Intangible assets                                                      13         5,067,005       3,119,536
Deposits and prepayments                                                            157,959         167,485
Deferred income tax assets                                                           10,118           5,585


Total non-current assets                                                          9,304,826       7,462,123


Current assets
Inventories                                                                         198,477          57,423
Financial assets at amortized cost                                                   40,544          64,641
Contract assets                                                                     100,869         117,342
Trade receivables                                                      14           365,778         332,177
Deposits and prepayments                                                            229,869         211,331
Other receivables                                                                    68,637          56,654
Tax reserve certificate                                                             346,418         253,484
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         2,100,936       2,094,884


Total current assets                                                              3,451,528       3,187,936


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                         15           525,742         414,085
Other payables and accruals                                                         739,381         722,367
Contract liabilities                                                                348,247         304,111
Lease liabilities                                                                   519,105         546,301
Current income tax liabilities                                                      465,037         492,981
Bank borrowings                                                        16            55,063          77,189
Mobile license fee liabilities                                                      210,243         102,912


Total current liabilities                                                         2,862,818       2,659,946




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                   29
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                                     2021               2021
                                                                                                                    Notes            $000               $000

                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Asset retirement obligations                                                          72,062           67,374
                                               Contract liabilities                                                                  20,664           24,640
                                               Lease liabilities                                                                    325,796          351,465
                                               Bank and other borrowings                                             16           1,490,538        1,510,771
                                               Mobile license fee liabilities                                                     2,696,979          826,962
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      120,663          111,793


                                               Total non-current liabilities                                                      4,726,702        2,893,005


                                               Net assets                                                                         5,166,834        5,097,108


                                               Capital and reserves
                                               Share capital                                                         17             111,053          111,099
                                               Reserves                                                                           5,076,952        5,007,874


                                               Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                            5,188,005        5,118,973
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                            (21,171)          (21,865)


                                               Total equity                                                                       5,166,834        5,097,108




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED



                                               The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

30
                                                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                 For the six months ended 31 December 2021
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                       $000             $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                              1,259,756        1,315,950
  Income tax paid                                                                  (107,049)        (124,556)
  Purchase of tax reserve certificate                                               (92,934)               –


Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         1,059,773        1,191,394


Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                             (375,924)        (534,635)
  Payment of mobile license fees                                                   (190,598)          (71,441)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                                         –          123,316
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost                       62,128          155,046
  Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost                              –         (506,593)
  Other investing activities                                                         19,198            17,924


Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (485,196)        (816,383)


Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                   (9,435)          (42,405)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                               –            (4,427)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                      (50,448)        (156,337)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                             (336,518)        (367,060)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                     (172,203)        (167,880)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (568,604)        (738,109)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  5,973         (363,098)

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                                   79              287

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                               2,094,884        2,127,409


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                          2,100,936        1,764,598




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                                    31
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2021
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                                                                                  Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                                                                    Capital                        share-based                                                  Non-
                                                                                             Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed     compensation      Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                                                                            capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus            reserve      reserve      profits        Total      interests        Total
                                                                                             $000         $000          $000          $000             $000               $000         $000        $000          $000          $000          $000

                                               At 1 July 2020                              112,227    1,640,986        2,453        15,818               997            18,340       (4,073)   3,246,259    5,033,007       (19,882)    5,013,125


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                             –           –             –             –                 –                   –          –     266,596      266,596          (1,755)    264,841
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value gain on financial asset
                                                 at fair value through other
                                                 comprehensive income                            –           –         5,874             –                 –                   –          –            –        5,874              –        5,874
                                               Currency translation differences                  –           –             –             –                 –                   –      2,765            –        2,765              –        2,765


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period
                                                 ended 31 December 2020                          –           –         5,874             –                 –                   –      2,765     266,596      275,235          (1,755)    273,480


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                              –           –             –             –                 –              5,322           –            –         5,322             –         5,322
                                               Lapse of share option                             –           –             –             –                 –             (7,530)          –        7,530             –             –             –
                                               Lapse of share award                              –           –             –             –                 –             (1,494)          –        1,494             –             –             –
                                               Vesting of share award                            –           –             –             –               356               (652)          –          296             –             –             –
                                               Repurchase of shares                           (886)          –             –           886                 –                  –           –      (42,405)     (42,405)             –      (42,405)
                                               Purchase of shares for share award scheme         –           –             –             –            (4,427)                 –           –            –        (4,427)            –        (4,427)
                                               Payment of 2020 final dividend                    –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –     (167,880)    (167,880)             –     (167,880)


                                               Total transactions with owners                 (886)          –             –           886            (4,071)            (4,354)          –     (200,965)    (209,390)             –     (209,390)


                                               At 31 December 2020                         111,341    1,640,986        8,327        16,704            (3,074)           13,986       (1,308)   3,311,890    5,098,852       (21,637)    5,077,215




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




32
                                                                                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                     For the six months ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                   Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                                      Capital                  share-based                                                    Non-
                                             Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption     Contributed compensation        Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                            capital    premium         reserve        reserve        surplus       reserve         reserve      profits        Total      interests       Total
                                              $000         $000           $000           $000           $000          $000            $000        $000         $000           $000        $000

At 1 July 2021                              111,099    1,640,986        14,857        16,946            1,054           6,043       (1,075)   3,329,063    5,118,973       (21,865)   5,097,108


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                             –           –              –              –               –               –            –     251,383      251,383            694     252,077
Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Fair value loss on financial asset
    at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                          –           –         (2,632)             –               –               –           –             –       (2,632)            –       (2,632)
Currency translation differences                  –           –              –              –               –               –         271             –          271             –          271


Total comprehensive income for the period
   ended 31 December 2021                         –           –         (2,632)             –               –               –         271      251,383      249,022            694     249,716


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                              –           –              –             –                –           1,648            –            –        1,648             –        1,648
Lapse of share award                              –           –              –             –                –            (745)           –          745            –             –            –
Repurchase of shares (note 17(a))               (46)          –              –            46                –               –            –       (9,435)      (9,435)            –       (9,435)
Payment of 2021 final dividend                    –           –              –             –                –               –            –     (172,203)    (172,203)            –     (172,203)


Total transactions with owners                  (46)          –              –            46                –             903            –     (180,893)    (179,990)            –     (179,990)


At 31 December 2021                         111,053    1,640,986        12,225        16,992            1,054           6,946        (804)    3,399,553    5,188,005       (21,171)   5,166,834




                                                                                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      33
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (“Interim Financial Statements”) are
                                                   presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have been approved
                                                   for issue by the board of directors on 23 February 2022.

                                                   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.


                                               2 Basis of preparation
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2021 have been prepared in
                                                   accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These Interim
                                                   Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30
                                                   June 2021, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at
                                                   fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

                                                   The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
                                                   30 June 2021, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendments to
                                                   standards as set out below.


                                                   (a) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                                                        The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual reporting
                                                        commencing 1 July 2021.

                                                        HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9           Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
                                                          and HKFRS 16 (Amendments)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                        COVID-19-related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

                                                        The adoption of these amendments to standards have no significant impact on these Interim Financial
                                                        Statements.

                                                        Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected
                                                        total annual earnings.




34
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Basis of preparation (continued)
   (b) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to
       existing standards not yet adopted
      Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have been
      published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2022 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by
      the Group.

      Annual Improvements Project                    Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle1
      HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
      HKAS 1 (Amendments) and HKFRS                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies2
        Practice Statement 2
      HKAS 8 (Amendments)                            Definition of Account Estimates2
      HKAS 12 (Amendments)                           Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                       Single Transaction2
      HKAS 16 (Amendments)                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use1
      HKAS 37 (Amendments)                           Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract1
      HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework1
      HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                   Narrow-scope Amendments1
        (Amendments)
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                        Associate or Joint Venture3
      HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts2
      HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                        Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on
                                                        Demand Clause2
      1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
      2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
      3
           The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.


3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
   (a) Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
      interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

      The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
      required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
      financial statements as at 30 June 2021.

      There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                           35
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
                                                   (b) Fair value estimation
                                                        This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
                                                        values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
                                                        the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
                                                        the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
                                                        the table.

                                                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognized at fair value at 31
                                                        December 2021 and 30 June 2021.

                                                                                                       Level 1               Level 2          Level 3              Total
                                                                                                         $000                  $000             $000               $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value
                                                           through other comprehensive
                                                           income

                                                        At 31 December 2021
                                                          (Unaudited)                                        –               14,123                 –            14,123


                                                        At 30 June 2021
                                                          (Audited)                                          –               16,755                 –            16,755

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
                                                        period.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.

                                                        The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
                                                        asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




36
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting
  The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
  management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
  resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

  The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
  the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
  tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

  An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


  (a) Segment results
                                                Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2021
                                            Hong Kong          Macau     Elimination   Consolidated
                                                 $000           $000            $000           $000

       External revenue                       3,531,908            259,614                 –       3,791,522
       Inter-segment revenue                    221,537              3,603          (225,140)              –


       Total revenue                          3,753,445            263,217          (225,140)      3,791,522


       Timing of revenue recognition
         At a point in time                   1,537,744            231,976          (220,602)      1,549,118
         Over time                            2,215,701             31,241            (4,538)      2,242,404


                                              3,753,445            263,217          (225,140)      3,791,522


       EBITDA                                 1,290,170              6,801                  –      1,296,971
       Depreciation, amortization
         and loss on disposal                   (902,673)           (3,393)                 –       (906,066)


       Operating profit                         387,497              3,408                  –        390,905


       Finance income                                                                                 10,416
       Finance costs                                                                                 (65,808)


       Profit before income tax                                                                      335,513




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                    37
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                              Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                        Hong Kong            Macau        Elimination  Consolidated
                                                                                             $000             $000              $000          $000

                                                        External revenue                3,168,386           75,927               –       3,244,313
                                                        Inter-segment revenue              37,446            2,717         (40,163)              –


                                                        Total revenue                   3,205,832           78,644         (40,163)      3,244,313


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time            1,070,440           38,561         (36,846)      1,072,155
                                                          Over time                     2,135,392           40,083          (3,317)      2,172,158


                                                                                        3,205,832           78,644         (40,163)      3,244,313


                                                        EBITDA                          1,275,556           (2,905)              –       1,272,651
                                                        Depreciation, amortization
                                                          and loss on disposal            (890,293)         (2,344)              1        (892,636)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)           385,263           (5,249)              1         380,015


                                                        Finance income                                                                       18,789
                                                        Finance costs                                                                       (56,377)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                           342,427




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




38
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                 At 31 December 2021 (Unaudited)
                                                Hong Kong                Macau     Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                     $000                  $000           $000               $000

        Segment assets                           11,866,418             101,255           788,681      12,756,354


        Segment liabilities                      (6,892,251)           (111,569)         (585,700)      (7,589,520)

                                                                     At 30 June 2021 (Audited)
                                                 Hong Kong                Macau       Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                      $000                 $000             $000             $000

        Segment assets                               9,784,797          101,969           763,293      10,650,059


        Segment liabilities                      (4,832,965)           (115,212)         (604,774)      (5,552,951)

   There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of
   measurement of segment results.


5 Finance income
                                                                                      Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2021             2020
                                                                                             $000             $000

   Interest income from listed debt securities                                             11,425           10,437
   Credit loss allowance on listed debt securities                                         (4,300)               –
   Interest income from bank deposits                                                       3,202            7,868
   Accretion income                                                                            89              484


                                                                                           10,416           18,789

   During the six months ended 31 December 2021, credit loss allowance of $4,300,000 was recognized to reflect
   the change in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                           39
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               6 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                         31,477             33,751
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Mobile license fee liabilities                                                     22,915              8,744
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                          224                224
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                                   6,884             13,450
                                                   Net exchange loss on financing activities (note 9)                                     4,308                208


                                                                                                                                         65,808             56,377

                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile license fee liabilities, asset retirement obligations and lease
                                                   liabilities due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the
                                                   amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.


                                               7 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging the following:

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net
                                                     – Network costs                                                                    269,509           273,669
                                                     – Short-term and low-value leases                                                   20,710            19,105
                                                     – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                     2,662             4,877
                                                     – Net exchange loss (note 9)                                                         1,265             2,434
                                                     – Others                                                                           194,308           182,290
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                       8,195             4,550




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                                         321,202           331,094
                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  339,846           365,704
                                                   Amortization of mobile license fees                                                  197,562           156,138
                                                   Amortization of customer acquisition costs                                            39,261            35,150
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                   1,648             5,322




40
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




8 Income tax expense
                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Current income tax
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                             79,268            68,321
    Overseas tax                                                                       1,025               931
  (Over)/under-provision in prior years
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                             (1,027)           12,774
    Overseas tax                                                                        (167)                –


  Total current income tax expense                                                    79,099            82,026


  Deferred income tax
  Increase in deferred income tax assets                                              (4,533)            (4,508)
  Increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                          8,870                 68


  Total deferred income tax expense/(benefit)                                          4,337             (4,440)


  Income tax expense                                                                  83,436            77,586

  Income tax expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
  rate expected for the full financial year.


9 Net exchange loss
  The exchange differences charged to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                       $000             $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 7)                                               1,265             2,434
  Finance costs (note 6)                                                               4,308               208


                                                                                       5,573             2,642




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                       41
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
                                                             shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to the Company’s
                                                          shareholders                                                                     22.6              23.8


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company’s
                                                          shareholders                                                                     22.6              23.8


                                                   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                        Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders used in calculating
                                                          basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                      251,383            266,596




42
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share (continued)
   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2021             2020
                                                                                    Number             Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
        the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
        (less shares held for share award scheme)                             1,110,580,570      1,118,446,499
      Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
        Effect of awarded shares                                                      20,422            119,040


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
       ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                             1,110,600,992      1,118,565,539


11 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2021             2020
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2020: 14.5 cents)
         per fully paid share                                                        160,767            161,093

      At a meeting held on 23 February 2022, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
      paid share for the year ending 30 June 2022. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
      payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits
      for the year ending 30 June 2022.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
      of these Interim Financial Statements.


   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2021             2020




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Final dividend of 15.5 cents (2020: 15 cents) per fully paid share             172,203            167,880




                                                                                                                        43
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               12 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                    $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2021                                                       2,679,862
                                                   Additions                                                                                      342,235
                                                   Disposals                                                                                       (8,254)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                               157
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                  (321,202)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2021                                                  2,692,798


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2020                                                       2,704,484
                                                   Additions                                                                                      287,157
                                                   Disposals                                                                                        (4,838)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                                723
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                  (331,094)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2020                                                  2,656,432

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2021, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
                                                   and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $281,648,000.

                                                   At 31 December 2021, buildings with carrying amount of $69,086,000 (30 June 2021: $70,305,000) were
                                                   pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).


                                               13 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                     Mobile
                                                                                                                                                license fees
                                                                                                                                                       $000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2021                                                       3,119,536
                                                   Additions                                                                                    2,145,031
                                                   Amortization                                                                                  (197,562)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2021                                                  5,067,005


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2020                                                       2,872,560
                                                   Amortization                                                                                  (156,138)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2020                                                  2,716,422

                                                   The Group extended the mobile license period of the 1,800 MHz band to 29 September 2036 during the six
                                                   months ended 31 December 2021. As a result of the bid of a block of 15 MHz spectrum at the 850 MHz band
                                                   and 40 MHz spectrum at the 4.9 GHz band, the Group acquired mobile license of $305 million during the six
                                                   months ended 31 December 2021.
44
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Trade receivables
                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2021                2021
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Trade receivables                                                                     374,844           340,636
  Loss allowance                                                                         (9,066)           (8,459)


                                                                                        365,778           332,177

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2021                2021
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    289,384           278,211
  31 – 60 days                                                                           20,975            15,444
  61 – 90 days                                                                            6,695             6,040
  Over 90 days                                                                           48,724            32,482


                                                                                        365,778           332,177

  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
  expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $2,662,000 (2020:
  $4,877,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2021.


15 Trade payables
  An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2021                2021
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    426,092           251,096
  31 – 60 days                                                                           45,932            56,020
  61 – 90 days                                                                            9,251            38,657




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
  Over 90 days                                                                           44,467            68,312


                                                                                        525,742           414,085




                                                                                                                           45
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               16 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                           Unaudited                                      Audited
                                                                                       31 December 2021                                 30 June 2021
                                                                                 Current Non-current              Total         Current Non-current          Total
                                                                                   $000        $000               $000            $000         $000          $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                         –       66,000          66,000                   –      66,000     66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                   55,063         9,527           64,590             77,189      37,003     114,192
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)                –     1,415,011        1,415,011                  –   1,407,768   1,407,768


                                                   Total bank and
                                                     other borrowings             55,063     1,490,538        1,545,601             77,189   1,510,771   1,587,960

                                                   (a)     On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                           US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
                                                           Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will
                                                           rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

                                                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
                                                   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
                                                   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
                                                   rates at the period end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using
                                                   the market price are as follows:

                                                                                                   Level 1            Level 2                Level 3         Total
                                                                                                     $000               $000                   $000          $000

                                                   At 31 December 2021
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                              –                 66,000                  –         66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –                  9,070                  –          9,070
                                                   Guaranteed notes                             1,446,729                      –                  –      1,446,729




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Total                                        1,446,729                 75,070                  –      1,521,799

                                                                                                    Level 1               Level 2            Level 3         Total
                                                                                                      $000                  $000               $000          $000

                                                   At 30 June 2021
                                                   Secured bank borrowings                              –                 66,000                  –         66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –                 35,914                  –         35,914
                                                   Guaranteed notes                             1,461,846                      –                  –      1,461,846


                                                   Total                                        1,461,846             101,914                     –      1,563,760

                                                   At 31 December 2021, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
                                                   June 2021: same).


46
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




17 Share capital
                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                   Shares of
                                                                                  $0.1 each             $000

  Authorized
  At 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2021                                       2,000,000,000           200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2021                                                             1,110,988,601           111,099
  Repurchase of shares (a)                                                        (455,000)              (46)


  At 31 December 2021                                                        1,110,533,601           111,053

  (a)   During the six months ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased and cancelled 455,000
        shares on the SEHK. The Company repurchased 1,794,000 shares in November and December 2021 to be
        cancelled after 31 December 2021. The total amount paid to acquire the 455,000 cancelled shares and the
        1,794,000 repurchased shares of $9,435,000 was deducted from equity attributable to shareholders.


18 Share award scheme
  (a) Movements in share award
                                                                                                    Unaudited

        Number of awarded shares
        Outstanding at 1 July 2021                                                                  1,409,680
        Lapsed                                                                                       (152,520)


        Outstanding at 31 December 2021                                                             1,257,160




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                     47
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                   (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                                  Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                                31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                                       2021               2021
                                                                                                                                       $000               $000

                                                        Fixed assets
                                                           Contracted for                                                             103,587            84,520


                                                   (b) Contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                  Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                                31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                                       2021               2021
                                                                                                                                       $000               $000

                                                        Performance guarantees                                                        798,383         2,388,884
                                                        Financial guarantees                                                           10,913            11,766


                                                                                                                                      809,296         2,400,650


                                               20 Related party transactions
                                                   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 68.72% of the Company’s shares as at
                                                   31 December 2021. The remaining 31.28% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.89% is held by another
                                                   subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong.


                                                   (a) During the six months ended 31 December 2021, the Group had transactions with certain fellow
                                                        subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business. All related party transactions are
                                                        carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions. These
                                                        transactions are not significant to the Group’s Interim Financial Statements.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Key management compensation
                                                        Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key
                                                        management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                        2021             2020
                                                                                                                                        $000             $000

                                                        Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                       11,038            17,474
                                                        Share-based payments                                                              138               924


                                                                                                                                       11,176            18,398


48
                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interim dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2021 (2020:
14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Friday, 18 March 2022 to shareholders whose
names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Wednesday, 9 March 2022.


Closure of register of members
The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Wednesday, 9 March 2022. For determining the entitlement
to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Wednesday, 9 March
2022 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfers
accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 8 March 2022.


Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 31 December 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the
Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                         Number of shares held

                                  Personal                                       Number of
                                  interests                                      underlying                    % of
                                   (held as                                     shares held                  issued
                                 beneficial         Other                      under equity                  voting
     Name of Director               owner)       interests            Total     derivatives          Total   shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              –     5,162,337 1       5,162,337                 –    5,162,337     0.46

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen           437,359               –         437,359                  –     437,359      0.04

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen         116,800 2       11,000 3        127,800            29,200 4    157,000      0.01
                                                                                    (Personal
                                                                                  interests in
                                                                              unvested shares




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
                                                                                 under share
                                                                               award scheme)




                                                                                                                           49
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   Notes:

                                                   1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
                                                        beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                   2.   These shares of the Company represented the vested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share award
                                                        scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

                                                   3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.

                                                   4.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share
                                                        award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.


                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company
                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                                                                   Number of shares held

                                                                                            Personal                                      Number of
                                                                                            interests                                     underlying                   % of
                                                                                             (held as                                    shares held                 issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                     under equity                 voting
                                                        Name of Director                      owner)       interests          Total      derivatives         Total   shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    540,885,186 1   542,653,929                –   542,653,929    18.73
                                                                                                          1,580,000 2

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000               –          1,000                –         1,000     0.00

                                                        David Norman Prince                    2,000               –          2,000                –         2,000     0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,000 3         7,000                –         7,000     0.00

                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,028 4         4,028                –         4,028     0.00

                                                        Notes:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




50
                                                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                           Number of shares held

                                                 Personal                                                      Number of
                                                 interests                                                     underlying                                    % of
                                                  (held as                                                    shares held                                  issued
                                                beneficial                Other                              under equity                                  voting
    Name of Director                               owner)              interests                     Total    derivatives                  Total           shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                –          3,485,000 1           3,485,000                     –          3,485,000                0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                         4,000,000                         –         4,000,000            4,000,000 2         8,000,000                0.34

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                          50,000                         –             50,000                    –            50,000                 0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
          physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
          options are shown below:

                                                                                                                 Number of share options

                                                                                                                                           Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                      Outstanding          Granted       Exercised            Lapsed             at
                                                Exercise                                 at 1 July       during the     during the         during the   31 December
          Name of Director      Date of grant      price       Exercise period*              2021            period         period             period          2021
                                                       $


          Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   22 May 2019        6.69        22 May 2020 to           4,000,000                –               –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                 21 May 2024

          *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2021/22



                                                                                                                                                                         51
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                    (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                        associated corporations:
                                                                                                                                                             Actual % of
                                                                                                                                       Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                                                                       held through        issued voting
                                                         Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


                                                         Splendid Kai Limited                                                                    2,500 1             25.00

                                                         Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25 1             25.00

                                                         Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

                                                         Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

                                                         Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,900 1               20.00

                                                         Note:

                                                         1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                              certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                               interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                               corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
                                               SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
                                               or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
                                               the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK
                                               pursuant to the Model Code.


                                               Share option scheme
                                               On 2 November 2011, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Old Share Option Scheme”) which expired
                                               on 1 November 2021. In order to ensure continuity of a share option scheme for the Company, the shareholders of
                                               the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2021
                                               to approve the adoption of a new share option scheme (the “New Share Option Scheme”). The New Share Option




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval by SEHK on 3 November
                                               2021 and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
                                               the annual general meeting of SHKP held on 4 November 2021 to approve the adoption of the New Share Option
                                               Scheme.

                                               During the six months ended 31 December 2021, no share options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under
                                               the Old Share Option Scheme or the New Share Option Scheme. There were no outstanding share options under any
                                               of the schemes during the said period.




52
                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the
development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired
by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each vesting
period.

Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme during
the six months ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                      Outstanding
                                                           Outstanding     Awarded          Vested         Lapsed              at
                                                              at 1 July   during the     during the     during the    31 December
Awardee           Date of award      Vesting period 1             2021        period         period         period           2021


Directors
Chau Kam-kun,     31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to         29,200             –             –               –         29,200
  Stephen                              31 January 2022

Employees         31 January 2019    31 January 2020 to        485,110             –             –         (52,720)       432,390
                                       31 January 2022

                  28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to       895,370            –-             –         (99,800)       795,570
                                       28 February 2023

Note:

1.   30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest
     on the third anniversary date of the date of award.


Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 31 December 2021, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                           Total number          % of issued
Name                                                                                           of shares        voting shares




                                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555                72.61%

HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      806,916,313                72.66%




                                                                                                                                        53
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
                                                    deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
                                               Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
                                               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
                                               the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


                                               Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
                                               During the six months ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased 2,249,000 shares of the Company on
                                               the SEHK. Of these repurchased shares, 455,000 shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2021 and 1,794,000
                                               shares were cancelled subsequently after 31 December 2021. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                                                                                     Number of                 Price per share
                                                                                                         shares                                                   Aggregate
                                               Month of repurchase                                 repurchased               Highest              Lowest           price paid
                                                                                                                                   $                   $                    $


                                               November 2021                                          1,386,500                  4.32                4.15          5,877,000
                                               December 2021                                            862,500                  4.15                4.10          3,558,000


                                                                                                      2,249,000                                                    9,435,000

                                               The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Save as disclosed above, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2021 was there any purchase, sale or
                                               redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.




54
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board.
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric. All the members of the Committee are Independent
Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise
and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 17 February 2022 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2021 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and
the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2021 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix 16 of
the Listing Rules.


Corporate governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
months ended 31 December 2021, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix
14 of the Listing Rules, except for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are required to retire from
office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in
accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Code
Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, Mr. David Norman
Prince, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-
Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2021
due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining seven Independent Non-Executive Directors
and Non-Executive Directors (representing 64% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the
Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders. Mr. Fung
Yuk-lun, Allen, Executive Director, took the chair of the said meeting pursuant to the Buy-laws of the Company.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2021/22
The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.




                                                                                                                            55
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
                                               Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
                                               during the six months ended 31 December 2021, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
                                               Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin
                                               Company Secretary

                                               Hong Kong, 23 February 2022

                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman),
                                               Mr. TAM Lok-man, Norman (Deputy Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive
                                               Directors are Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David
                                               Norman PRINCE, Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. John Anthony MILLER; Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric, Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine, Mr.
                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny and Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




56
