ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Directors and Corporate Information               2
Financial Highlights                              3
Business Highlights                               4
Chairman’s Statement                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis               10
Corporate Governance Report                      13
Report of the Directors                          25
Directors Profile                                42
Staff Engagement                                 50
Community Engagement                             51
Group Financial Summary                          54
Independent Auditor’s Report                     55
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             60
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   61
Consolidated Balance Sheet                       62
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                 64
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      66
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   68




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                         1
                                               DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



                                               Board of Directors                        Auditors
                                               *    Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond          PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Chairman                           Certified Public Accountants
                                               *    Mr. CHEUNG Wing-yui                  22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                      Deputy Chairman                    10 Chater Road, Hong Kong
                                                    Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen
                                                      Deputy Chairman
                                                    Mr. TAM Lok-man, Norman
                                                                                         Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                      Deputy Chief Executive Officer     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen            Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                               *    Mr. David Norman PRINCE              183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
                                               *    Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas
                                               *    Mr. John Anthony MILLER              Principal Share Registrar
                                               **   Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
                                                                                         MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               **   Mr. NG Leung-sing, JP
                                                                                         4th Floor North, Cedar House
                                               **   Mr. GAN Fock-kin, Eric
                                                                                         41 Cedar Avenue
                                               **   Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine
                                                                                         Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
                                               **   Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny
                                               **   Mr. LEE Yau-tat, Samuel
                                               **   Mr. Peter KUNG                       Principal Bankers
                                                                                         Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                               *    Non-Executive Director
                                               **   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                                                           Corporation Limited
                                                                                         Hang Sang Bank Limited
                                               Company Secretary
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   Legal Advisors to the Company
                                                                                         As to Hong Kong law
                                               Authorised Representatives                Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
                                               Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen
                                               Mr. MAK Yau-hing, Alvin                   As to Bermuda law
                                                                                         Conyers Dill & Pearman




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Registered Office
                                               Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                                                                         Bermuda Resident
                                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda                   Representative
                                                                                         Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                               Head Office and Principal Place           Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                               of Business                               Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

                                               31st Floor, Millennium City 2
                                               378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong
                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong




       2
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                               Year ended or as at 30 June
                                                                      2022             2021          Change

Consolidated profit and loss account
Revenues                                                              6,957            6,720             4%
Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                           423              445            (5%)
Basic earnings per share ($)                                           0.38             0.40            (5%)
Total dividends per share ($)                                          0.30             0.30              –


Consolidated balance sheet
Total assets                                                         12,581          10,650             18%
Current liabilities                                                  (4,091)          (2,660)           54%


Total assets less current liabilities                                 8,490            7,990             6%
Non-current liabilities                                              (3,336)          (2,893)           15%
Non-controlling interests                                                 –               22          (100%)


Net assets                                                            5,154            5,119             1%


Share capital                                                           111              111            (0%)
Reserves                                                              5,043            5,008             1%


Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders               5,154            5,119             1%

                                                                   Year ended 30 June
                                                                      2022            2021           Change

Consolidated cash flows
Net cash inflow from operating activities                             2,036            2,420           (16%)
Interest received                                                        36                38            (5%)
Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                   (712)            (851)          (16%)
Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost                –             (507)         (100%)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost             62              179           (65%)
Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                    (253)            (120)          111%
Dividends paid                                                         (333)            (328)              2%
Repayment of bank borrowings (net)                                      (96)            (223)           (57%)
Principal elements of lease payments                                   (660)            (712)             (7%)
Payment for repurchase of shares                                        (22)              (47)          (53%)
Others                                                                  (12)                (6)        100%




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
Net increase/(decrease) in short-term bank deposits,
  and cash and cash equivalents                                          46             (157)            N/A
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   0                1          (100%)


                                                                         46             (156)            N/A




                                                                                                                    3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Drive for digital transformation to accelerate
                                               5G development in Hong Kong


                                               1. Technology Leadership
                                                    SmarTone 5G LAB unleashes the possibilities of 5G applications in business and daily life, to encourage
                                                    cross-industry collaboration and propel Hong Kong’s emergence as a leading innovation hub. Recently,
                                                    we have added new attractions including smart fitness, AR shooting game, smart interactive learning and smart
                                                    manufacturing. 5G LAB has welcomed approximately 400,000 visitors, and hosted students from more than
                                                    200 schools since its launch.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    SmarTone has been named Best Overall User Experience by an independent industry research firm.
                                                    We are leading in multiple categories, including Video Experience, Games Experience, and Download Speed
                                                    Experience, and being the sole winner in Voice App Experience and Core Consistent Quality. SmarTone is
                                                    constantly investing in our network infrastructure development to ensure every customer has the most spectrum
                                                    resources in Hong Kong and is rated as Consumers’ No.1 Best Preferred 5G Network*.




                                               *   Independent Research by Nuance Tree Research Company.

       4
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovations
  SmarTone Solutions pioneers the development of 5G technology and helps
  enterprises integrate emerging technologies for digital transformations and propel
  Hong Kong to becoming a truly smart city.




                                                     SmartWorks



                            Sma
                               rt T                                                 tel
                                   ran                                            Ho
                                      sp                                       art
                                        or                                   Sm
                                          t




                                       ement
                                   anag
                                  M                                           Sm
                              all
                                                                                arHom
                             M                                                       e
                           t
                                              Sm
                                                ar




  SmarTone Home 5G Broadband offers ultra-fast, easy-to-use, plug-and-play home internet experiences
  for customers without any wiring or installations, ushering in the era of 5G private broadband. The service
  successfully penetrates into households enduring slow speed narrowband connections, customers suffering from
  expensive fees as they are served by a single fixed-line operator, and households needing additional broadband
  connections due to work-from-home demand.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                      5
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy
                                                 With outstanding customer service and professional teamwork, we are proud to be recognised by prestigious
                                                 awards, including Service Talent Award of the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, “The Best
                                                 Mobile Network”, “The Best 5G Home Broadband Service” and “The Best Mobile
                                                 Cyber Security Service” at the e-zone e-brand awards 2022.




                                                 The SmarTone Plus premium membership programme has been delivering a world of prestige
                                                 to customers, including birthday celebrations, selected offers, priority and privileges, refined experiences as well as
                                                 flash surprises.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




       6
                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



4. Digitalisation
  Full digital brand “Birdie“ continues to partner with major brands in the city, offering
  promotions that benefit our customers to elevate its young brand image and customer loyalty.




  SmarTone is embracing the rising need for digitalisation by offering our signature caring services online
  through dedicated WhatsApp channel, website and SmarTone CARE App.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                 7
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               During the year under review, the Company reported a profit attributable to equity holders of $423M, down by 5%
                                               as compared to $445M last year. Nevertheless, discounting the impact of government subsidies, profit for this year
                                               increased by 16% on a year-on-year basis.

                                               Although the mobile market remained very competitive with heavy pressure on pricing, SmarTone’s service revenue
                                               grew by 3% while mobile postpaid exit ARPU rose by 5%. This shows the Company is firmly back on the track of
                                               growth. As of 30 June 2022, the 5G subscription penetration in our postpaid MNO subscriber base increased to
                                               approximately 28%, contributing to the continuous ARPU growth momentum. There are also some early signs of
                                               recovery in our roaming revenues during the last quarter, although the size of the recovery is still small.

                                               The cost-optimization program launched by the Company in recent years has delivered sustainable savings and
                                               enhanced operational efficiency, without sacrificing any service quality. SmarTone will maintain focus on its cost
                                               discipline and re-investing the savings into improving quality and capturing growth opportunities. Our top priority is
                                               to deliver the best network in Hong Kong. Over the last year, there were 14 influential media that ranked SmarTone’s
                                               network as “the best” in Hong Kong. In particular, according to a recent report published by OpenSignal, SmarTone
                                               delivered the best overall user experience out of all Hong Kong operators.

                                               SmarTone’s 5G network provides territory-wide coverage, which extends over major roads, highways and tunnels,
                                               and all MTR lines, including the East Rail Line cross-harbour extension. Apart from major shopping malls, prime office
                                               buildings and premium hotels, coverage has also been extended to major hiking trails and country parks in response
                                               to customer needs. With already over 99% population coverage, SmarTone will enhance its outstanding network
                                               performance via the deployment of 3.5GHz/4.9GHz bands to provide even greater capacity and the 700MHz and
                                               850MHz bands to further improve indoor coverage.

                                               Over the past year, SmarTone’s 5G Home Broadband service has emerged as a growth engine. The success of the
                                               product is based on its ability to tap into three customer segments: 1) households that are suffering from very slow
                                               speeds from narrowband connections, 2) those suffering from expensive fees as they are served solely by one fixed-
                                               line operator, and 3) households needing additional broadband connections due to work-from-home demand.
                                               Our product is simple to use, fast, and cost competitive. It requires no technician installation and provides superior
                                               experience. We believe the product can address a key customer pain point at home.

                                               Customers are at the heart of SmarTone, and the Company strives to continuously elevate customers’ experience.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               In addition to actively soliciting customer feedback, SmarTone has invested to increase the use of machine learning,
                                               artificial intelligence and other advanced predictive analytics tools to develop a deeper understanding of customers’
                                               experience. The Company uses these valuable insights and learnings to make targeted enhancements in areas that
                                               matter most to customers, to improve the way customers are served, and to develop and introduce products and
                                               services that are tailored to customers’ needs.

                                               As the fifth wave of COVID continues to hit Hong Kong, SmarTone has undertaken a number of initiatives to support
                                               Hong Kong’s anti-pandemic work. During the height of the 5th wave of the pandemic, SmarTone proactively built
                                               out its 5G network to provide coverage for all community isolation facilities, which had no network infrastructure. The
                                               team worked intensely “day and night” and completed the most urgent build-out in two weeks. This benefitted not
                                               just SmarTone customers, but all residents who stayed at such facilities, as the Company offered free SIM cards for all.

                                               As part of SmarTone’s support for the “Jockey Club Digital Support Project for the Elderly”, the Company provides
                                               smartphones and a free basic mobile service to help elderly citizens facilitate downloads and use of the “LeaveHomeSafe”
                                               app, as well as help them stay connected with their loved ones and the community. In addition, the Company supports
                                               students from underprivileged families in continuing their studies, seamlessly online, by collaborating with Caritas Youth
                                               and Community Services to offer free data cards, and with the Joint School Information Technology Society (JSIT) to
                                               launch the “eLearning Support Scheme”, powered by SmarTone 5G Home Broadband.
       8
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Dividend
The Board proposed a final dividend per share of 15.5 cents, making full year dividend per share of 30.0 cents.


Outlook
The mobile market continues to be very competitive as players cut prices to maintain market share. Economic
conditions are expected to remain challenging with a distinct possibility of recession. International travel (and hence
roaming) has started to ramp up but remains at a small fraction of pre-pandemic levels. The headwinds are strong.

Above all, spectrum costs remain a major cost for mobile operators. For example, the total amount of spectrum cost
and tax for this financial year is even greater than the Company’s net profit of $423M. In contrast to China where
no spectrum fees are charged, operators in Hong Kong are required to pay spectrum fees. Since 2011, SmarTone
has paid or committed to a total of $7 billion on spectrum fees. The amortization charge for mobile spectrum is still
growing, and we expect the next financial year to be the peak full year impact of amortization for the spectrum bands
acquired and renewed in recent years. Furthermore, in the past such spectrum costs were tax deductible, but the IRD
now regards spectrum costs as capital in nature and not tax deductible. We strongly disagree with this assessment,
as our usage of specific spectrum was finite (usually 15 years), and such spectrum is not transferrable. We believe
this change is an unintended consequence of an administrative action by the Hong Kong Government and should
be reviewed and reversed. Viewed from a macro perspective, excessive taxes and fees will only deter operators from
building the best networks, which are critical to Hong Kong becoming a technology hub.

While the operating environment remains challenging, the Company has shown resilience and is back to growth.
There are significant opportunities as more subscribers move to 5G. There are also growth engines in enterprise
solutions and 5G Home Broadband. The Company will continue to focus on operational efficiency and cost effective
operations.

As a leading mobile operator, SmarTone is committed to delivering exceptional network performance and customer
service to our customers. This will not change. Moving forward, SmarTone will continue to invest in building world-
class digital infrastructure to reinforce Hong Kong’s development as a technology hub and support its integration with
China and the Greater Bay Area.


Appreciation
During the year under review, Mr. Peter Kung has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of
SmarTone. I would like to welcome Mr. Kung to the Board.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hard work during the year.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 2 September 2022

                                                                                                                             9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the year under review, the Group profit attributable to shareholders decreased slightly to $423 million
                                               (2020/21: $445 million). Excluding the receipt of the government subsidies, the underlying Group profit attributable
                                               to shareholders increased by $57 million to $421 million (2020/21: $364 million) mainly due to ongoing 5G customer
                                               uptake driving local mobile revenue growth, strong growth in 5G Home Broadband, and rebound in roaming revenue
                                               from modest recovery in international travel.

                                               Group service revenue increased by 3% to $4,489 million (2020/21: $4,339 million) mainly due to ongoing 5G
                                               customer uptake, strong growth in 5G Home Broadband, and rebound of roaming revenue. Mobile postpaid exit
                                               ARPU increased 5% to $213 (2020/21: $202).

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales increased by $87 million or 4% to $2,469 million when compared with $2,381
                                               million last year, mainly due to strong sales in 5G flagship phones as a result of enhanced customer engagement.

                                               As a result, Group total revenue increased by 4% to $6,957 million (2020/21: $6,720 million).

                                               Hong Kong customer number increased slightly to 2.75 million compared to last year at 2.74 million. Excluding MVNO
                                               customers, the postpaid churn rate was at a low 0.7%, unchanged from last year.

                                               Cost of inventories sold increased by $87 million or 4% to $2,402 million (2020/21: $2,316 million), largely in line
                                               with the corresponding increase in handset and accessory sales.

                                               Staff costs increased by $63 million or 11% to $652 million (2020/21: $589 million) mainly due to the significant
                                               reduction of government subsidy from Employment Support Scheme. Excluding the government subsidies received,
                                               staff costs decreased by 2% as the result of cost-optimization program that delivered recurring savings.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $29 million or 2% to $1,328 million (2020/21: $1,356
                                               million) as the Group continues to benefit from the cost-optimization program that has been implemented to drive for
                                               the most optimal cost level and structure.

                                               Group EBITDA increased by $116 million to $2,575 million (2020/21: $2,460 million).

                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal increased by $46 million or 3% to $1,832 million (2020/21: $1,785




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               million) mainly due to increase in amortization of spectrum utilization fee offset by decrease in right-of-use assets
                                               depreciation driven by rental reduction.

                                               Group operating profit was $744 million, increased by 10% (2020/21: $674 million).

                                               Finance income decreased by $34 million or 95% to $2 million (2020/21: $36 million) mainly due to the increase in
                                               provision for expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost of $31 million.

                                               Finance costs increased by $31 million or 28% to $145 million (2020/21: $114 million) mainly due to higher accretion
                                               expense from spectrum utilization fee offset by lower accretion expense from lease liabilities.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $177 million (2020/21: $153 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of 29.5%
                                               (2020/21: 25.7%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilization fee, certain payments
                                               have been treated as non-deductible, which contributes to the Group effective tax rate higher than 16.5%. The
                                               Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum utilization fee from
                                               the Inland Revenue Department.



10
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the year under review. During the year, the Group was financed by
share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 30 June 2022, the Group recorded
share capital of $111 million, total equity of $5,154 million and total borrowings of $1,511 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances including short-term bank deposits of $2,141
million as at 30 June 2022 (30 June 2021: $2,095 million).

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $1,511 million (30 June 2021: $1,588 million) of
which 96% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. The Group was in a
net cash position with net cash, including financial assets at amortized cost, amounted to $1,021 million as at 30 June
2022 (30 June 2021: $994 million).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $2,036 million and $36 million
respectively during the year ended 30 June 2022. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the year were
payments for purchase of fixed assets, spectrum utilization fee, leases, dividends and repayment of bank borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2023 with internal cash resources.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortized cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortized cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralize such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $68 million as at 30 June 2022 (30 June 2021: $70 million).


Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
accounted for 4% of the Group’s total borrowings at 30 June 2022. The remaining 96% of the Group’s borrowings
are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates in the
future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.




                                                                                                                          11
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 30 June 2022, the Group provided performance and financial guarantees of $762 million (30 June 2021: $2,401
                                               million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,737 full-time employees as at 30 June 2022 (30 June 2021: 1,665), with the majority of them based
                                               in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $652 million for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2020/21: $589 million). Excluding
                                               government subsidies, staff costs were $654 million for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2020/21: $669 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by
                                               certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the year
                                               under review, 202,305 shares were lapsed. 417,805 shares (30 June 2021: 1,409,680) were outstanding as at 30
                                               June 2022.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. No share option was outstanding as at 30 June 2022 (30
                                               June 2021: Nil).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




12
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the
year ended 30 June 2022, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), except
for the following deviations:

Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with a specific term but they are required to retire from
office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting at least once every three
years in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three
years.

Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Code
Provision E.1.2 of the CG Code also provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
meeting. Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, Mr. David Norman
Prince, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric and Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny, Independent Non-
Executive Directors, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2021
due to overseas commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining seven Independent Non-Executive Directors
and Non-Executive Directors (representing 64% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the
Board at the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders. Mr. Fung
Yuk-lun, Allen, Executive Director and Deputy Chairman of the Board, took the chair of the said meeting pursuant to
the Bye-laws of the Company.

The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.


The Board
Roles of Directors
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operation responsibility to the management under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and various Board Committees.


Corporate governance function
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties, which include (i) developing and reviewing
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable
to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                         13
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Composition
                                               The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the management of the Group.

                                               As at 30 June 2022, the Board comprises three Executive Directors, five Non-Executive Directors and seven
                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors. The presence of twelve Non-Executive Directors, of whom seven are
                                               independent, is considered by the Board to be a reasonable balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

                                               The Non-Executive Directors, who offer diversified expertise and experience, contribute significantly to the important
                                               function of advising management on strategy and policy development. They also serve to ensure that the Board
                                               maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as to provide adequate checks and
                                               balances for safeguarding the interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

                                               Except for those relationships disclosed in the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 42 to 49 of this
                                               Annual Report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
                                               each other.

                                               Mr. Peter Kung (“Mr. Kung”) was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from
                                               14 March 2022. Mr. Kung entered into a consultancy agreement with Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a
                                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), in turn the holding company of the Company,
                                               under which he has taken on the role as China Tax Advisor to the SHKP group of companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                               since October 2019 (the “Consultancy”). The Consultancy was renewed on 1 October 2021 and will expire on 30
                                               September 2022, subject to further renewal. The Company is satisfied that Mr. Kung is independent for the reasons as
                                               set out below:

                                               (a)   The scope of services for which Mr. Kung has been providing under the Consultancy and the monthly
                                                     consultancy fee payable to Mr. Kung thereunder are immaterial whether to SHKP Group or the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries (the “SmarTone Group”);

                                               (b)   Mr. Kung has advised that the monthly consultancy fee payable to him under the Consultancy is and will not be
                                                     material to both his personal wealth and current income;

                                               (c)   Mr. Kung has had no executive role in any member of the SHKP Group and the SmarTone Group. His role under
                                                     the Consultancy is merely advisory and does not amount to performing any management or executive function;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               (d)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that he met all other independence guidelines for independent non-executive directors as
                                                     set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and

                                               (e)   Mr. Kung has confirmed that, during his term as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, he will
                                                     not provide any services under the Consultancy which may relate to any affairs of the SmarTone Group and
                                                     will not take part as China Tax Adviser under the Consultancy in any discussions which may involve any affairs
                                                     relating to the SmarTone Group.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or
                                               her independence pursuant to the Listing Rules, and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are
                                               independent.

                                               The Company maintains appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors for their liabilities arising out of
                                               corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




14
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Appointment and re-election of Directors
All Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual
general meeting at least once every three years.

One-third of the Directors, who have served longest on the Board, must retire and be eligible for re-election at each
annual general meeting. As such, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years. To further enhance
accountability, any further appointment of an Independent Non-Executive Director who has served the Company’s
Board for more than nine years will be subject to separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

Directors appointed to fill casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting after their appointment,
and shall be subject to re-election by shareholders.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In order to reinforce their respective independence, accountability and responsibility, and to avoid power being
concentrated in any one individual, the roles of the Chairman is separate from those of the Chief Executive Officer.
Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and defined by the Board in writing. The role of the Chairman
is to ensure that the Board is functioning properly, with good corporate governance practices and procedures. The
role of the Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Executive Directors and the management team, is to manage the
Group’s businesses, including the implementation of major strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board.


Board process
The Board of Directors meets regularly at least four times a year. The Directors participate in person or through
electronic means of communication. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors, a tentative schedule for regular
Board meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year. The Directors are given the
opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion. The finalized agenda and accompanying board papers are
sent to all Directors at least three days prior to the meeting.

During regular meetings of the Board, the Directors discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group
strategy, major acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, approval of major capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters. All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis
of major changes that may affect the Group’s businesses, including relevant rules and regulations. Directors can also
seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense, if necessary.

The Company Secretary records the proceedings of each Board meeting by keeping detailed minutes, including all
decisions by the Board together with concerns raised and dissenting views expressed (if any). All minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on request by any Director.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                             15
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ attendance at Board meetings and general meeting
                                               Four Board meetings and a general meeting were held during the year ended 30 June 2022. The attendance record of
                                               the Directors at the meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                               Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                               during the term of office
                                               Directors                                                                   Board Meetings       General Meeting

                                               Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                  4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman1 (Deputy Chief Executive Officer)                                  2/2                        0/0
                                               Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                  4/4                        1/1

                                               Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                     4/4                        0/1
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                      4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                    2/4                        0/1
                                               Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                    4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                    4/4                        1/1

                                               Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                     4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                          4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                     3/4                        0/1
                                               Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                          4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                   4/4                        0/1
                                               Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                    4/4                        1/1
                                               Mr. Peter Kung2                                                                            1/1                        0/0

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman was appointed Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect
                                                    from 15 November 2021.

                                               2.   Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 14 March 2022.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




16
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ training
All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the business and activities of
the Group. As such, briefing materials are provided to newly appointed Directors to ensure that they are familiar
with the role of the Board, their legal and other duties and responsibilities as Director as well as the business and
corporate governance practices of the Group. The Company Secretary will continuously update all Directors on latest
developments in applicable legal and regulatory requirements as and when necessary.

Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

All Directors have provided to the Company a record of the training they received during the year ended 30 June
2022, which includes attending seminars, giving talks at seminars and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s
business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities.

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

Directors                                                                                         Type of trainings

Executive Directors
Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)                                                                       A, C
Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman (Deputy Chief Executive Officer)                                                           C
Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                                                                                       A, C

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman)                                                                           A, C
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman)                                                                         A, B, C
Mr. David Norman Prince                                                                                          A, C
Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                                                                                          A, C
Mr. John Anthony Miller                                                                                             C

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric                                                                                          A, C
Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                  C
Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                             C
Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine                                                                                  C
Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny                                                                                           C
Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel                                                                                            C
Mr. Peter Kung                                                                                                     C

A:   attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
B:   giving talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings
C:   reading newspapers, journals and/or other materials




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                          17
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Board Committees
                                               The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference, which are of no less exacting
                                               terms than those set out in the CG Code (if applicable).


                                               Board Supervisory Committee (the “BSC”)
                                               The Board has delegated the duties of overseeing management performance, monitoring execution of business plans
                                               and initiatives, and ensuring adherence to corporate objectives to the BSC. Members of the BSC include the Chairman
                                               of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors and senior executives of the Company. Non-
                                               Executive Directors are welcomed to join the BSC at their discretion.

                                               The BSC meets regularly throughout the year to review and monitor the overall strategy implementation as well as
                                               the business operation and financial performance of the Group and to properly inform the Board of the status of such
                                               operations and performance. To facilitate maximum attendance of Directors and members, a tentative schedule for
                                               regular BSC meetings for each calendar year is fixed prior to the commencement of the year.


                                               Remuneration Committee
                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other members
                                               are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen (Executive Director). The
                                               majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

                                               The Remuneration Committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration
                                               policy for all Directors and members of senior management of the Group, as well as reviewing and making
                                               recommendations on the Company’s share incentive schemes, bonus structure and other compensation-related issues.
                                               The Committee consults with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer on its proposals and recommendations,
                                               and also has access to professional advice if deemed necessary by the Committee. The Committee is also provided
                                               with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Remuneration Committee has the delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual
                                               Executive Directors and senior management. The specific terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is
                                               available on the Company’s website.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Remuneration Committee passed three written resolutions for approving
                                               and/or recommending the emoluments payable to Directors and senior management.

                                               Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management
                                               The primary goal of the remuneration policy for Executive Directors and senior management is to enable the Company
                                               to retain and motivate Executive Directors and senior management by linking their compensation with performance as
                                               measured against corporate objectives.

                                               The principal elements of the Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management
                                               include basic salary, discretionary bonus and share incentives. In determining guidelines for each compensation
                                               element, the Company will make reference to market remuneration surveys on companies operating in similar
                                               businesses.

                                               The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, mainly comprising directors’ fees, is subject to annual assessment with
                                               reference to the market standard. Reimbursement is allowed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
                                               the performance of their duties including attendance at Company meetings.



18
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Committee
The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr. David Norman Prince (Non-Executive
Director). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
Company.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Company’s nomination policy,
and making recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors and board succession.
The Committee will also review the size, structure and composition of the Board. The Committee is provided with
sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties. The specific terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is
available on the Company’s website.

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Nomination Committee passed three written resolution for reviewing the
size, structure and composition of the Board and recommending new appointment and re-election of Directors.

The Nomination Committee has reviewed and recommended the re-election of those retiring Directors who offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 2022 Annual General Meeting.

Nomination policy
The Board has formalized its existing practices into a nomination policy. The policy sets out the criteria and procedures
for the selection, appointment and re-election of the directors of the Company so as to ensure that the Board has a
balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the achievement of the corporate goals and
strategic objectives of the Group.

The Nomination Committee shall evaluate potential candidates by considering various factors including, without
limitation, their professional expertise, and their industry and business experience.

The Committee shall also consider (i) the commitment of the potential candidates in devoting sufficient time and
attention to the affairs of the Group; (ii) their potential contribution to board diversity; (iii) any material conflict of
interest or potential material conflict of interest with the Group; and (iv) their independence with reference to the
independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules if the potential candidates will be appointed as independent non-
executive directors of the Company.

In cases of re-election of existing directors who will retire at annual general meetings or general meetings of the
Company, the Committee will review the rotation and retirement of directors and make recommendations to the
Board accordingly.

Board diversity
The Company adopted a board diversity policy for the Group. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits
of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting
the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from
a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional
experience. Candidates for Board appointment will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
benefits of diversity on the Board.




                                                                                                                              19
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               The current Board comprises male and female Directors of different age groups, length of services in the Group,
                                               cultural and educational background, and professional experience (see the section “The Board – Composition” of this
                                               Corporate Governance Report and the biographical details of the Directors set out on pages 42 to 49 of this Annual
                                               Report). The Nomination Committee considers the current composition and structure of the Board as appropriate.

                                               The Nomination Committee monitors the implementation of the board diversity policy and will review the policy, as
                                               appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy.


                                               Audit Committee
                                               The Audit Committee is accountable to the Board and assists the Board in meeting its responsibilities for ensuring
                                               compliance with the financial reporting obligations and corporate governance requirements as well as reviewing the
                                               effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

                                               The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director with professional
                                               accounting expertise) and the other members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing (Independent Non-Executive Director) and Mr.
                                               Gan Fock-kin, Eric (Independent Non-Executive Director). All the members of the Committee are Independent Non-
                                               Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise and
                                               experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

                                               The Audit Committee’s primary duties include ensuring the Group’s financial statements, annual and interim reports,
                                               and the auditor’s report present a true and balanced assessment of the Group’s financial position; reviewing the
                                               Group’s financial control, internal control and risk management systems; reviewing the Group’s financial and
                                               accounting policies and practices; and recommending the appointment and remuneration of external auditor. The
                                               duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its specific terms of reference, which is available on the Company’s
                                               website. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

                                               The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 30 June 2022 to review with management and the
                                               Company’s internal and external auditors the Group’s significant internal controls and financial matters as set out
                                               in the Committee’s terms of reference. The Committee’s review covers the audit plans and findings of internal and
                                               external auditors, external auditor’s independence, the Group’s accounting principles and practices, Listing Rules and
                                               statutory compliance, internal controls, risk management and financial reporting matters (including the interim and
                                               annual financial statements for the Board’s approval).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The attendance record of the members at the Committee meetings is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                        Meetings
                                                                                                                                                   attended/held
                                                                                                                                                  during the term
                                               Directors                                                                                                 of office

                                               Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (Chairman)                                                                                2/2
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing                                                                                                2/2
                                               Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric                                                                                           2/2

                                               The Audit Committee also held a meeting on 26 August 2022 and reviewed the financial statements of the Group
                                               for the year ended 30 June 2022 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and the report of Internal
                                               Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation adopted by the Group
                                               are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found no unusual items that
                                               were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosure of data and explanations shown in
                                               the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied that adequate and effective risk management and internal
                                               control systems have been maintained by the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022.

20
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



External auditor’s independence
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) is the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 30 June 2022. The nature and
ratio of annual fees to external auditor for non-audit services and for audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
Committee. The provision of non-audit services by the external auditor requires prior approval of Audit Committee so as
to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external auditor will not be impaired.

Details of the fees paid or payable to PwC and other audit firms (for miscellaneous services) for the year ended 30
June 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$

Services provided by PwC
  Audit services                                                                                              2,503,000


  Non-audit services
    Taxation                                                                                                    170,000
    Review of interim financial statements                                                                      322,000
    Other assurance services                                                                                    275,000


                                                                                                                767,000


                                                                                                              3,270,000


Services provided by other audit firms
  Audit services                                                                                                 50,000

  Non-audit services
    Other assurance services                                                                                     97,000


                                                                                                                147,000

Before commencement of the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
and for the year ended 30 June 2022, the Committee received written confirmation from PwC confirming that they
are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the requirements of Part 4A of the
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The Committee was satisfied with the findings of their review of the audit fees, process and effectiveness,
independence and objectivity of PwC and had recommended the Board to propose a resolution of their
re-appointment as the Company’s external auditor at the forthcoming 2022 Annual General Meeting.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                              21
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Directors’ and auditor’s responsibilities for the consolidated
                                               financial statements
                                               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
                                               true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
                                               Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
                                               internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
                                               that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
                                               realistic alternative but to do so.

                                               The responsibilities of the auditor for the consolidated financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s
                                               Report on pages 55 to 59 of this Annual Report.


                                               Risk management and internal control systems
                                               The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing its
                                               effectiveness.

                                               The risk management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a comprehensive organizational structure
                                               and delegation of authorities, with responsibilities of each business and operational units clearly defined and
                                               authorities assigned to individuals based on experience and business need.

                                               Control procedures have been designed to safeguard assets against unauthorized use and disposition; ensure
                                               compliance with relevant laws, rules and regulations; ensure proper maintenance of accounting records for provision
                                               of reliable financial information used within the business or for publication; and to provide reasonable assurance
                                               against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

                                               A management-level Risk Management Committee has been set up. The Risk Management Committee, reporting
                                               to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the overall risk management function of the Group. Risk Management




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk management processes in identification, assessment,
                                               treatment and reporting of all risks identified affecting key business processes.

                                               The Group has an Internal Audit team, staffed with five qualified professionals, which is an independent function
                                               reports directly to the Audit Committee and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer. Internal Audit plays an important role
                                               in the risk management and internal control framework and provides independent assurance to the Board as to the
                                               adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems for the Group on an on-going basis. The
                                               work of Internal Audit includes financial and operations reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations
                                               and productivity efficiency and effectiveness reviews. Internal Audit derives its annual audit plan using a risk assessment
                                               methodology and taking into account the business nature of the Group. The plan is reviewed and approved by the
                                               Audit Committee, who ensures that adequate resources are deployed and the plan objectives are adequate to cover
                                               major risks affecting the Group. In addition, there is regular dialogue with the Group’s external auditor so that both
                                               are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.




22
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems and concluded that adequate and effective risk management and internal control
systems have been maintained for the year ended 30 June 2022. The review considered the adequacy of resources,
qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions,
and their training programs and budget. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational
and compliance controls and risk management functions. It was based on a framework which assesses the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems against control environment, risk management, control activities,
information and communication and monitoring activities on all major business and operational processes. The
review also considered (a) the changes, since the last annual review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and
the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (b) the scope and quality of
management‘s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, the work of its internal audit function
and other assurance providers; (c) the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board
which enables it to assess control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management; (d) significant control
failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period and the extent to which they have resulted in
unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had or may in the future have, a material impact
on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and (e) the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial
reporting and Listing Rule compliance.

In respect of the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group’s Code of Conduct for employees
stipulates the prohibition on unauthorized use of inside information of the Company. Employees who are privy or
have access to inside information have also been notified on observing the restrictions pursuant to the Securities and
Futures Ordinance.


Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
Directors
The Group adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ transactions in the securities of
the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that during the year ended 30 June 2022, they had
fully complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.


Shareholders’ rights
Right to convene special general meeting
The Directors, on the requisition of shareholders of the Company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company, forthwith proceed duly to convene a special general meeting of the Company.

The requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the
Registered Office of the Company in Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a
meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them,
may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
months from the said date.




                                                                                                                           23
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                               Right to put enquiries to the Board
                                               Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
                                               Head Office of the Company in Hong Kong or the Registered Office in Bermuda, or by e-mail to ir@smartone.com for
                                               the attention of the Company Secretary.


                                               Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
                                               On the requisition in writing of either (i) any number of shareholder of the Company representing not less than one-
                                               twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the
                                               meeting to which the requisition relates; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, the Company shall, at the expense of
                                               the requisitionists:

                                               (a)   to give to shareholders of the Company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of
                                                     any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and

                                               (b)   to circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to them any statement of not
                                                     more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be
                                                     dealt with at that meeting.

                                               The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company in
                                               Bermuda for the attention of the Company Secretary.


                                               Communication with shareholders
                                               Investor relations
                                               To manage its relationship with investment community, the Group meets regularly with the press and financial
                                               analysts and participates frequently in other conferences and presentations. The Company also communicates to
                                               its shareholders through announcements and annual and interim reports. All such reports and announcements can
                                               also be accessed via the Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of the
                                               management team also respond to inquiries from shareholders and investment community promptly.


                                               Dividend policy




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               The Company seeks to provide stable and sustainable returns to the shareholders. In determining the dividend
                                               amount, the Board will take into account the Group’s earning performance, financial position, investment and funding
                                               requirements, and future prospects. The normal target payout ratio is 75% of the Group’s recurring profit attributable
                                               to shareholders of the year. The Board will review the dividend policy and payout ratio as appropriate from time to
                                               time.




24
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



The Directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2022.


Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are shown in
note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Business review
The Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 9 and the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 10 to 12 of this
Annual Report provide a fair review of the Group’s business for the year and indication of likely future development in
the Group’s business. The discussion thereon forms part of this Report of the Directors.

Further discussion on the Group’s business is set out below:


(i) Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
     As set out in the section “Risk management and internal control systems” of the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 22 to 23, effective risk management framework is in place to provide a consistent approach on the risk
     management process in identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of all the risks which are critical to
     Group’s operations and business.

     The Group is exposed to various risks which may affect its operations and business. The followings are the key
     risks that are considered to be most significant to the Group at the time.

     Competition – The Group is operating in markets with fierce competition, which had led to pricing pressure and
     increased marketing costs.

     Information Technology – The Group requires reliable and effective information technology systems for its key
     business processes in daily operations. Any successful cyber-attack against the systems may cause disruption in
     operations and affect the service to customers.

     Compliance – The Group is operating in the mobile industry which is highly regulated. The Group has to make
     sure that its operations are in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. Contravention to the laws
     and regulations will result in legal penalty, business disruption and/or damage to brand image.

     Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
(ii) Environmental policies and performance
     The Group is committed to environmental protection. It makes efficient use of resources, promotes green
     awareness within the Group, follows eco-friendly management practices and supports community events to
     build a green living environment.




                                                                                                                          25
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               (iii) Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                    The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and risks of non-
                                                    compliance with such requirements. The Group conducts on-going review of newly enacted/revised laws and
                                                    regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to staff. To
                                                    the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects the relevant laws and
                                                    regulations that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022.


                                               (iv) Relationship with employees
                                                    People are the Group’s most valuable asset. The Group believes in communicating with staff and giving them
                                                    training and career development opportunities. It also recognizes good performance. It provides a variety of
                                                    activities for staff to help them achieve a balance between work and life.

                                                    The Group has established good relationship with its employees throughout the years.


                                               (v) Relationship with customers
                                                    The Group strives to deliver outstanding experiences and meaningful value to customers. To ensure continuous
                                                    improvement of the quality of service, the Group pro-actively seeks customer feedback through focus group
                                                    discussions, market surveys, hotlines, social media, online live chat, etc.

                                                    The Group’s superior service has been widely recognized, as evidenced by the service awards received from
                                                    various reputable organizations during the past years.


                                               (vi) Relationship with suppliers
                                                    The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with its suppliers. The Group has stringent
                                                    anti-bribery policy in place and Group’s staff are required to strictly comply with the policy when dealing with
                                                    suppliers.


                                               Results
                                               The results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022 are set out in the consolidated profit and loss account on
                                               page 60.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Dividend
                                               The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $0.155 per share
                                               (2020/21: $0.155 per share). The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of $0.145 per share paid
                                               by the Company during the year (2020/21: $0.145 per share), makes a total dividend for the year of $0.30 per share
                                               (2020/21: $0.30 per share).


                                               Five years financial summary
                                               A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is shown on
                                               page 54.




26
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Distributable reserves
Distributable reserves of the Company at 30 June 2022, calculated under the Company’s Bye-laws and the Bermuda
laws, amounted to $1,117,209,000 (30 June 2021: $1,468,807,000).


Donations
During the year, the Group did not make any charitable or other donations (2020/21: Nil).


Share capital
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are shown in note 35 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

*    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                             ** Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP
      Chairman
                                                             ** Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP
*    Mr. Cheung Wing-yui
      Deputy Chairman                                        ** Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric

     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                 ** Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine
      Deputy Chairman
                                                             ** Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny
     Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman1
      Deputy Chief Executive Officer                         ** Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel

     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                               ** Mr. Peter Kung2

*    Mr. David Norman Prince

*    Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas

*    Mr. John Anthony Miller

*    Non-Executive Director
**   Independent Non-Executive Director

Notes:




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
1.   Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman was appointed Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect
     from 15 November 2021.

2.   Mr. Peter Kung was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 14 March 2022.




                                                                                                                              27
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               In accordance with Bye-law No. 84 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Mr. Chau Kam-kun,
                                               Stephen, Mr. John Anthony Miller, Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric and Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine retire by rotation at
                                               the forthcoming annual general meeting. In accordance with Bye-law No. 83(2), Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman and Mr.
                                               Peter Kung also retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting. Other than Mr. John Anthony Miller and Mrs. Ip
                                               Yeung See-ming, Christine who will not offer themselves for re-election, all remaining retiring Directors, being eligible,
                                               offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

                                               The term of office of the Non-Executive Directors shall be governed by the provisions of Bye-law No. 84 of the
                                               Company’s Bye-laws.

                                               None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement
                                               with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of
                                               compensation, other than statutory compensation.

                                               The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of his or her
                                               independence pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                               (the “Listing Rules”), and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


                                               Directors’ emoluments
                                               The directors’ fees payable to the Directors of the Company are determined by the Board under the authority granted
                                               by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
                                               rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong. Other emoluments, if any, payable to the Directors of the
                                               Company are based on terms of the respective service contracts. Details of the emoluments paid and payable to
                                               the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 are shown in note 42 to the consolidated
                                               financial statements.


                                               Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements
                                               and contracts that are significant in relation to the Company’s
                                               business
                                               Apart from the connected transactions referred to in this report, no other transactions, arrangements and contracts of
                                               significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               company was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material
                                               interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                               Biographical details of Directors
                                               Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 42 to 49.




28
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                 (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
As at 30 June 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to
the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                            Number of shares held

                                     Personal                                      Number of
                                     interests                                     underlying                       % of
                                      (held as                                    shares held                     issued
                                    beneficial          Other                    under equity                     voting
     Name of Director                  owner)        interests           Total    derivatives        Total        shares


     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                –       5,162,3371       5,162,337              –    5,162,337          0.47

     Fung Yuk-lun, Allen              437,359               –          437,359              –     437,359           0.04

     Chau Kam-kun, Stephen            146,000          11,0002         157,000              –     157,000           0.01

     Notes:

     1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
           beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     2.    These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                             29
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
                                                  corporations of the Company
                                                   (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                                                                   Number of shares held

                                                                                            Personal                                      Number of
                                                                                            interests                                     underlying                   % of
                                                                                             (held as                                    shares held                 issued
                                                                                           beneficial         Other                     under equity                 voting
                                                        Name of Director                      owner)       interests         Total       derivatives         Total   shares


                                                        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    545,851,1861   547,619,929                 –   547,619,929    18.90
                                                                                                          1,580,0002

                                                        Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000              –          1,000                 –         1,000     0.00

                                                        David Norman Prince                    2,000              –          2,000                 –         2,000     0.00

                                                        Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,0003         7,000                 –         7,000     0.00

                                                        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,0284         4,028                 –         4,028     0.00

                                                        Notes:

                                                        1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
                                                              beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                        2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                        3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

                                                        4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




30
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



(b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                           Number of shares held

                                                 Personal                                                         Number of
                                                 interests                                                        underlying                                    % of
                                                  (held as                                                       shares held                                  issued
                                                beneficial                Other                                 under equity                                  voting
    Name of Director                               owner)              interests                     Total       derivatives                  Total           shares


    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                –          3,485,0001            3,485,000                        –           3,485,000               0.15

    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                         4,000,000                         –         4,000,000               8,000,0002          12,000,000               0.51

    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                          50,000                         –             50,000                       –             50,000                0.00

    Notes:

    1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
          beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

    2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
          physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
          options are shown below:

                                                                                                                    Number of share options

                                                                                      Outstanding                                             Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                                at            Granted       Exercised            Lapsed             at
                                                Exercise                                    1 July              during         during             during       30 June
          Name of Director      Date of grant      price       Exercise period*              2021             the year       the year           the year          2022
                                                       $


          Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   22 May 2019        6.688        22 May 2020 to          4,000,000                   –               –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                  21 May 2024

                                4 May 2022         6.532         4 May 2023 to                  –            4,000,000              –                 –      4,000,000
                                                                   3 May 2027


          *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                  date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                  part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                                                                         31
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
                                                       associated corporations:
                                                                                                                                                            Actual % of
                                                                                                                                      Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                                                                      held through        issued voting
                                                        Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


                                                        Splendid Kai Limited
                                                          (commenced members’ voluntary liquidation on 15 June 2022)                           2,5001               25.00

                                                        Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 251              25.00

                                                        Tinyau Company Limited                                                                      11              50.00

                                                        Open Step Limited                                                                           81              80.00

                                                        Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,9001                20.00

                                                        Note:

                                                        1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
                                                             certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                   Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2022, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
                                                   interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                                                   corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company
                                                   and the SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which
                                                   they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register
                                                   required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the
                                                   Company and the SEHK pursuant to the Model Code.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




32
                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                        (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share option scheme
On 2 November 2011, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Old Share Option Scheme”) which expired
on 1 November 2021. In order to ensure continuity of a share option scheme for the Company, the shareholders of
the Company passed an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 November 2021
to approve the adoption of a new share option scheme (the “New Share Option Scheme”). The New Share Option
Scheme became effective on 4 November 2021 following the grant of a listing approval by the SEHK on 3 November
2021 and the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of SHKP, the Company’s holding company, at
the annual general meeting of SHKP held on 4 November 2021 to approve the adoption of the New Share Option
Scheme.

During the year ended 30 June 2022, no share options were granted, exercised, canceled or lapsed under the Old
Share Option Scheme or the New Share Option Scheme. There were no outstanding share options under any of the
schemes during the said year.

A summary of the principal terms of the New Share Option Scheme is set out below pursuant to the requirements as
contained in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules:


(a) Purpose
    The purpose of the New Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive to participants to contribute to the Group
    and/or to enable the Group to recruit and/or to retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that
    are valuable to the Group or are expected to be able to contribute to the business development of the Group.


(b) Participants
    Any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including any
    director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who has made valuable contribution to the growth of the
    Group based on his/her work experience, industry knowledge, performance, business connections or other
    relevant factors, will be eligible to participate in the New Share Option Scheme.


(c) Maximum number of shares available for issue
    The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the New Share
    Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the
    shares in issue as at the date of approval of the New Share Option Scheme by the shareholders of the Company.

    The Company may seek approval by the shareholders in general meeting for “refreshing” the 10% limit under
    the New Share Option Scheme. However, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
    options to be granted under all of the New Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
    Company under the limit as “refreshed” must not exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of approval
    of the limit.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
    The limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet
    to be exercised under the New Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must
    not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.

    On 2 September 2022, the number of shares available for issue in respect thereof is 111,098,860 shares which
    represents approximately 10.04% of the issued shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                     33
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               (d) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                                                   The maximum entitlement of each participant under the New Share Option Scheme is that the total number of
                                                   shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to such participant (including both exercised
                                                   and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue. Where any further
                                                   offer of the grant of options to a participant would result in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of
                                                   all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised, canceled and outstanding options)
                                                   in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further offer representing in aggregate over 1%
                                                   of the shares in issue, such further offer of grant must be separately approved by the shareholders in general
                                                   meeting with such participant and his close associates (or his associates if the participant is a connected person)
                                                   abstaining from voting.


                                               (e) Time of exercise of option
                                                   The exercise period of any option granted under the New Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
                                                   Board but such period must not exceed 10 years from the date on which the offer of the grant of the relevant
                                                   option is made.

                                                   Unless otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of offer, there is neither
                                                   any performance target that needs to be achieved by the grantee before an option can be exercised nor any
                                                   minimum period for which an option must be held before the option can be exercised.


                                               (f) Payment on acceptance of option
                                                   An option shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate of the offer letter, comprising acceptance
                                                   of the option, duly signed by the grantee together with a remittance in favor of the Company of $1.00 by way
                                                   of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the secretary of the Company within 28 days from the date
                                                   of offer.


                                               (g) Basis of determining the subscription price
                                                   The subscription price shall be determined by the Board and notified to a participant at the time of offer of
                                                   the option(s) and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the SEHK’s daily
                                                   quotations sheets on the date of offer, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the shares
                                                   as stated in the SEHK’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   and (iii) the nominal or par value of the shares.


                                               (h) Remaining life
                                                   The New Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the
                                                   adoption of the New Share Option Scheme on 2 November 2021.




34
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                    (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 (the “Adoption
Date”) as an incentive arrangement to recognize the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain
suitable personnel for the development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the scheme (the “Scheme Rules”),
shares of the Company will be acquired by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected
employees until the end of each vesting period.

Movements of the awarded shares granted to selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme during the
year ended 30 June 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                     Number of awarded shares

                                                                 Outstanding                                           Outstanding
                                                                           at    Awarded       Vested       Lapsed              at
                                                                       1 July       during      during       during        30 June
Awardee                Date of award             Vesting period1        2021      the year    the year     the year           2022


Directors
Chau Kam-kun, Stephen 31 January 2019         31 January 2020 to        29,200          –      (29,200)           –              –
                                                31 January 2022

Employees              31 January 2019        31 January 2020 to       485,110          –     (427,655)     (57,455)             –
                                                31 January 2022

                       28 February 2020       28 February 2021 to      895,370          –     (332,715)    (144,850)       417,805
                                                28 February 2023

Note:

1.   30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest
     on the third anniversary date of the date of award.

A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:


(a) Purpose and objectives
     The specific objectives of the Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognize the contributions by certain employees
     and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the
     Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


(b) Administration




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
     The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the Scheme
     Rules.




                                                                                                                                     35
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                               (c) Duration
                                                   Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Share
                                                   Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.


                                               (d) Maximum limit
                                                   The total number of shares that may be awarded under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the
                                                   shares in issue (i.e., 1,124,269,277 shares) as at the Adoption Date.


                                               (e) Operation of the Share Award Scheme
                                                   Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any employee
                                                   (excluding any excluded employee as defined in the Scheme Rules) for participation in the Share Award Scheme
                                                   as a selected employee and determine the reference awarded sum for the purchase and/or allocation of awarded
                                                   shares.

                                                   The Board shall cause to be paid to a trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of the reference awarded sums
                                                   and the related purchase expenses. The trustee shall purchase from the market the relevant number of shares in
                                                   accordance with written instructions issued by the Board from time to time and shall hold such shares until they
                                                   are vested in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

                                                   When a selected employee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making
                                                   the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer the
                                                   relevant awarded shares to that selected employee.


                                               (f) Vesting and Lapse
                                                   Subject to any applicable provisions of the Scheme Rules, the awarded shares shall vest in accordance with
                                                   the timetable as set out in the Scheme Rules. 30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second
                                                   anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest on the third anniversary date of the date of
                                                   award. Vesting of the awarded shares will be conditional on the selected employee remaining an employee of
                                                   the Group until and on each of the relevant vesting dates.

                                                   Where the awarded shares do not vest in accordance with the Scheme Rules, the trustee shall hold such shares




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   for the benefit of one or more employees of the Group as it determines in its discretion, after having taken into
                                                   account the recommendations of the Board.


                                               (g) Voting Rights
                                                   The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust.


                                               (h) Termination
                                                   The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date or
                                                   such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect any
                                                   subsisting rights of the selected employees.




36
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                                (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Interests of substantial shareholder
As at 30 June 2022, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                           Total number         % of issued
Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               72.92%

HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      806,916,313               72.97%

Notes:

1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
     held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
     deemed to be interested in 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and deemed
     interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

     In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
     mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
     deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
     SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2022, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than Directors
or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                                     37
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Arrangement to acquire shares or debentures
                                               Saved as disclosed in the sections entitled “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests”, “Share option scheme” and
                                               “Share award scheme” above, at no time during the year, (i) the Directors and chief executive (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for
                                               shares (or warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company, its specified undertakings and its other associated
                                               corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622); and
                                               (ii) was the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries, its parent company or its other associated corporations
                                               a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouse
                                               and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares in, or
                                               debentures of, the Company or its specified undertakings or other associated corporation.


                                               Directors’ interests in competing business
                                               None of the Directors of the Company has interest in any business which may compete with the business of the
                                               Group.


                                               Permitted indemnity provision
                                               The Bye-laws of the Company provide that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
                                               indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all losses or liabilities which
                                               he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, to
                                               the extent permitted by the laws.

                                               The Company has also taken out and maintained Directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance throughout the year,
                                               which provides appropriate cover for certain legal actions that may be brought against its Directors and officers.


                                               Sufficiency of public float
                                               Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, it is
                                               confirmed that there is sufficient public float of the Company’s shares in the market at the date of this report.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




38
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                          (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company repurchased 5,364,500 shares of the Company on the SEHK. Of
these repurchased shares, 5,196,500 shares were cancelled prior to 30 June 2022 and 168,000 shares were cancelled
subsequently after 30 June 2022. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                                 Number of              Price per share
                                                     shares                                            Aggregate
Month of repurchase                            repurchased            Highest             Lowest        price paid
                                                                            $                  $                 $


November 2021                                     1,386,500               4.32              4.15         5,877,000
December 2021                                       862,500               4.15              4.10         3,558,000
February 2022                                        75,500               4.40              4.38           331,000
March 2022                                        2,008,500               4.40              3.99         8,419,000
May 2022                                            863,500               4.06              4.04         3,495,000
June 2022                                           168,000               4.05              4.03           680,000


                                                  5,364,500                                            22,360,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, and except that the trustee of the share award scheme of the Company, pursuant to the
terms of the rules and trust deed of the scheme, purchased on the SEHK a total of 820,000 shares of the Company at
a total consideration of $3,563,000, at no time during the year ended 30 June 2022 was there any purchase, sale or
redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Pre-emptive rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there was no restriction against
such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing shareholders.


Equity-linked agreements
Saved for the share option scheme as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in
the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


Management contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
the Company were entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                                                                        39
                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Major suppliers and customers
                                               The percentages of the Group’s purchases attributable to major suppliers are as follows:

                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier                                               35%
                                               Percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers                                         50%

                                               None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the
                                               Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had an interest in the major suppliers
                                               noted above.

                                               During the year, the Group sold less than 30% of its total goods and services to its five largest customers.


                                               Connected transactions
                                               1.   Certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements also constituted
                                                    connected transactions. The following transactions between certain connected persons (as defined in the Listing
                                                    Rules) and the Group have been entered into and/or are continuing for which relevant announcements, if
                                                    necessary, had been made by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

                                                    (a)   Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP, the controlling shareholder of the Company, have
                                                          leased premises to the Group for use as offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to
                                                          the Group for the installation of base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned
                                                          by them. For the year ended 30 June 2022, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP totaled $118,897,000.

                                                    (b)   Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general insurance
                                                          services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2022, insurance premiums paid and payable were
                                                          $3,294,000.

                                                    (c)   The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the year ended
                                                          30 June 2022, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $7,522,000.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    (d)   The Group provides information and communication technology (ICT) solutions to certain subsidiaries and
                                                          associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization, connectivity and industry-
                                                          specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2022, the revenue received or receivable were $57,176,000.

                                                    The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive
                                                    Directors. The Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that these transactions were entered into in the
                                                    ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; on normal commercial terms or better; and according to the
                                                    agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                                                    Company as a whole.




40
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
     Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”, issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and
     conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group under this section in
     accordance with paragraph 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the
     Company to SEHK.

2.   At 30 June 2022, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary of
     SHKP. The principal activity of the associate is to invest in an equity fund which primarily invests in technology
     related companies in the People’s Republic of China.

The above disclosure of the continuing connected transactions of the Group has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with the Listing Rules.


Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. As recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company, a resolution for their
re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
Company.

On behalf of the Board




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 2 September 2022




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                            41
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond                               Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Raymond Kwok (aged 69) has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company
                                               in October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
                                               Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong
                                               Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
                                               of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
                                               TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
                                               Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
                                               director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

                                               In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                               Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
                                               Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui                      Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Cheung Wing-yui (aged 72) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a
                                               Bachelor of Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of
                                               the CPA Australia. He has been a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo
                                               Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor
                                               in Singapore.

                                               Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
                                               director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
                                               Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a wholly-
                                               owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Cheung is currently a member of Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of Hong
                                               Kong Metropolitan University, a director of the Community Chest of Hong Kong Limited, and an honorary council




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited. He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the
                                               council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited,
                                               a director of Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong
                                               Kong and a member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.

                                               Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
                                               University in 2016.




42
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen                       Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
Mr. Allen Fung (aged 54) was appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company in December 2013 and was
re-designated as Executive Director in August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History)
from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University.
He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in
1993 to 1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997. From 1997 to 2013,
Mr. Fung worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company. He was the
managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally.

Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
(“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, an honorary
secretary of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, a council member and an executive committee member
of The Hong Kong Management Association, and the vice chairman of the board of The Hong Kong Philharmonic
Society Limited. Mr. Fung is a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum
Advisory Committee of the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region.

Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company.


TAM Lok-man, Norman                                  Executive Director & Deputy Chief
Executive Officer
Mr. Norman Tam (aged 49) was appointed Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company in
November 2021.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tam was a vice president of Tencent Cloud International, vice president of JOOX
Music, and the chief executive of WeChat Pay Hong Kong Limited. He is a seasoned entrepreneur and executive
with twenty-plus years of experience in product development, operation management, and startup investment in the
Internet and technology sector.

During his time at Tencent, Mr. Tam developed the international business of various areas including social networks,
online advertising, digital payment, online entertainment and cloud computing. He was also active in driving both B2B
and B2C businesses expansion covering enterprises and mass consumers in his scope of responsibilities.

Prior to Tencent, Mr. Tam worked at two international investment banks and co-founded two Internet startups
on education and gaming. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison with a Bachelor’s degree in




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
Information System and Computer Science.

Mr. Tam is a director of Save the Children Hong Kong.

Mr. Tam is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.




                                                                                                                          43
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen                             Executive Director
                                               Mr. Stephen Chau (aged 61) was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the
                                               Company since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since
                                               1999. He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap
                                               and deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

                                               Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
                                               and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
                                               which is widely recognized for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
                                               service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
                                               to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
                                               support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

                                               Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
                                               Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
                                               UK.

                                               Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
                                               Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
                                               Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

                                               Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
                                               University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of
                                               City University of Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


                                               David Norman PRINCE                          Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince (aged 71) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’
                                               experience of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered
                                               Institute of Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-
                                               executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and the governance and
                                               nomination committee of Adecco SA which is the global leader in human resources services.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000,
                                               he was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it
                                               was acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW
                                               to join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles
                                               for Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

                                               Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




44
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



SIU Hon-wah, Thomas                         Non-Executive Director
Mr. Thomas Siu (aged 69) was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director
of Wilson Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu
had more than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business
operations and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.


John Anthony MILLER                         Non-Executive Director
Mr. John Anthony Miller (aged 72), SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by Sun
Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organization in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning
35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
(1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
degree from London University.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP                    Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li (aged 69), GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.),
was appointed Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of SHINEWING (HK) CPA
Limited.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. Dr. Li was an
independent non-executive director of Hang Seng Bank Limited.

Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, a past
president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-member of the
Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                         45
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP                   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing (aged 73) was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of
                                               China (Hong Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He is also an independent non-
                                               executive director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited, Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. and Grand Brilliance
                                               Group Holdings Limited.

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic
                                               of China.

                                               Mr. Ng was the vice-chairman of Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited from 2002 to 2017, general manager of the
                                               Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from 2005 to 2009, and executive director
                                               and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong from 1990 to 1998. He was the Chinese
                                               Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of the Hong Kong Government Land Fund
                                               from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Program Organization Committee of The Community
                                               Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004
                                               and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1996 to 2004, a member of the
                                               Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway
                                               Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries
                                               from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Ng was also an independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited from 2007
                                               to 2017, and a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited from 2014 to 2018.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.


                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric                  Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan (aged 59) was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president
                                               of eAccess Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                               SoftBank Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
                                               Japan (since 1990).

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.




46
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine                              Independent Non-Executive Director
Mrs. Christine Ip (aged 58) was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater
China strategy. Mrs. Ip was appointed CEO of UOB Hong Kong in 2012 and CEO Greater China in July 2016.

Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
2008.

Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology.

Mrs. Ip was appointed as member of the following committees by various HKSAR government departments:

•    Museum Advisory Committee since October 2016

•    Travel Industry Compensation Fund Management Board since October 2017

•    Council of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts since January 2020

Mrs. Ip was appointed as director of The Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited since November 2021. She was also
appointed as director of M Plus Museum Limited with effect from 1 April 2022.


LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny                           Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Kenny Lam (aged 48) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited and Shui On
Xintiandi Limited.

Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.

Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
Franklin Scholar.




                                                                                                                         47
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LEE Yau-tat, Samuel                      Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Samuel Lee (aged 55) was appointed Director of the Company in April 2021.

                                               Mr. Lee is the chief executive officer of Digital Edge DC. He co-founded the company in 2020 with an aim in
                                               transforming the data center business and building digital infrastructure platforms for businesses in Asia-Pacific. With
                                               more than 25 years of experiences in the IT and telecom industry, Mr. Lee is widely recognized as a dynamic and
                                               forward-looking business leader, with proven track record in driving business growth and expanding the data center
                                               business footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

                                               Prior to joining Digital Edge DC, Mr. Lee was the President of Equinix Asia-Pacific, overseeing the company’s
                                               management, strategy and growth in the region. In this role, he successfully led the growth and expansion of the
                                               company’s business, including its acquisitions of Asia Tone, Bit-isle and Metronode, and the ongoing integration of
                                               the company’s regional operations into its global business. Under his leadership, Equinix’s business in Asia-Pacific had
                                               undergone rapid expansion to become one of the market leaders in the region with more than 40 data centers in 12
                                               markets, and with its revenue to reach US$1 billion. Mr. Lee also held senior management positions at various leading
                                               technology companies, including Pacific Gateway Exchange, Teleglobe International, Intel and Sprint. In addition, he
                                               was the founder of a consulting firm offering strategic consultation services to network providers in Asia. Mr. Lee has
                                               been a senior advisor for Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since September 2019.

                                               Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business from the City University of Hong Kong.


                                               Peter KUNG Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Peter Kung (aged 60) was appointed Director of the Company in March 2022.

                                               Mr. Kung is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He is
                                               currently Vice President of Guangdong’s Association For Promotion of Cooperation between Guangdong, Hong Kong
                                               & Macao and Guangdong-HK-Macao Bay Area Entrepreneurs Union.

                                               Mr. Kung graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1984. He is Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered
                                               Accountants in England and Wales and Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also
                                               Fellow of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and served as its president from 2007 to 2009.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Mr. Kung became a partner of KPMG in 1997, Head of China Tax in Hong Kong and Southern China in 2001, Senior
                                               Partner of KPMG’s Shenzhen office in 2006 and Senior Partner of KPMG’s Southern China region in 2010. He was
                                               Vice Chairman of KPMG China from 2013 to 2017 and Senior Advisor to KPMG China from 2018 to 2019.

                                               Mr. Kung is an independent non-executive director of ORIX Asia Limited and Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited,
                                               a company listed on The Stock Exchange Hong Kong Limited and a member of the board and the audit committee
                                               of eBRAM. He is also a non-executive director and chairman of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. Mr. Kung has been a
                                               China Tax Advisor to Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited since October 2019.




48
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman and Mr. Chau
Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing
Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual
general meetings. The fees are subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed
in Hong Kong.

Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman, Executive Director, entered into an employment contract with the Group for his serving as an Executive
Director and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with no fixed term of service. Mr. Tam is entitled to a basic salary
which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also entitled
to a discretionary performance bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and contributions to the Group. For
the role as a Director of the Company, Mr. Tam will retire and be re-elected by shareholders at the next general meeting of the
Company after his appointment. Thereafter, Mr. Tam will be subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at
annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Tam is entitled to a director’s
fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to
annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a
basic salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at annual general meetings in accordance with the
Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the
authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market
rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The details of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year ended 30 June 2022 are disclosed in note 42 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 30 June 2022 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section of the
Report of the Directors on pages 29 to 32 of this Annual Report.


Senior management
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of senior management of the Group.




                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                                             49
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               Together We Nurture



                                               1. Grooming Talents
                                                 Introduce diversified opportunities for people and career development , including cross-sector
                                                 exchanges for frontline service staff, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions,
                                                 to nurture employees and enable them to explore their personal potential and professional ability to achieve
                                                 all-round development.




                                               2. Caring For Staff




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with online festive delights and
                                                 organise caring activities and initiatives during the pandemic.




50
                                                     COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



Empowering Our Future



1. Caring For The Community
  Sending care and warmth to those in need in the community through various activities to build
  a harmonious society.




  SmarTone supports the “Jockey Club Digital Support Project for the Elderly” , providing
  smartphones and free basic mobile service to elderlies in need through participating non-government
  organisations. Elderly-oriented workshops on smartphone and app usage are also hosted by
  SmarTone’s volunteer team.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                        51
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               2. Anti-pandemic Support
                                                 During the height of the 5th wave of the pandemic, SmarTone proactively built out its 5G network to provide
                                                 coverage for all community isolation facilities, which had no network infrastructure. The team worked
                                                 intensely “day and night” and completed the most urgent build-out in two weeks. This benefitted not just
                                                 SmarTone customers, but all residents who stayed at such facilities, as the Company offered free SIM cards for all.




                                                 The SmarTone team arranged immediate deliveries of 5G Wi-Fi routers and free local data cards to onsite
                                                 frontline healthcare workers, helping them stay in seamless connection with the outside world during
                                                 their anti-pandemic works through SmarTone’s quality and stable 5G network.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 SmarTone is lending full support to customers and frontline healthcare workers and helping them quarantine
                                                 without losing touch by providing extra local data, local voice call, free JOOX VIP music service,
                                                 hmvod standard plan, and Home 5G Broadband service with to-the-door services.




52
                                                            COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



3. Nurturing Talents
  SmarTone continues its “5G STEM Classroom”, offering 5G STEM courses
  with a guided tour at 5G LAB for local school students to experience 5G innovation applications.




4. Supporting Charities
  SmarTone fully supports different charity events in the city with its powerful 5G network and staff,
  including the donation of free data cards and 5G Broadband service to underprivileged students during the
  suspension of face-to-face classes, to give back to the society and uphold social responsibility.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                              53
                                               GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars in millions except per share amounts)



                                                                                                2022      2021          2020      2019      2018

                                               Consolidated profit and loss account

                                               Revenues                                         6,957     6,720         6,986    8,415      9,988

                                               Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders     423       445           379       632       615

                                               Basic earnings per share ($)                      0.38      0.40          0.34     0.56       0.55

                                               Dividends
                                                 Total dividends                                  332       333           331      438        458
                                                 Total per share for the year ($)                0.30      0.30         0.295     0.39       0.41


                                               Consolidated balance sheet

                                               Total assets                                    12,581    10,650        10,432     9,883    10,018
                                               Current liabilities                             (4,091)   (2,660)       (2,874)   (2,673)   (2,497)


                                               Total assets less current liabilities            8,490     7,990         7,558     7,210     7,521
                                               Non-current liabilities                         (3,336)   (2,893)       (2,545)   (2,133)   (2,689)
                                               Non-controlling interests                            –        22            20       (20)      (33)


                                               Net assets                                       5,154     5,119         5,033    5,057      4,799


                                               Share capital                                      111       111           112      112        112
                                               Reserves                                         5,043     5,008         4,921    4,945      4,687


                                               Total equity attributable to the Company’s
                                                 shareholders                                   5,154     5,119         5,033    5,057      4,799




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




54
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) which are set out on pages 60 to 132, comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2022;

•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
     explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 30 June 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                          55
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Key Audit Matters
                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                               the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                               of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                               separate opinion on these matters.

                                               Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to revenue recognition and expected credit loss assessment of
                                               financial assets at amortized cost.

                                               Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                               Revenue recognition                                           Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition
                                                                                                             included, but were not limited to:
                                               Refer to note 2(y) – Summary of significant accounting
                                               policies and note 3(a) – Critical accounting estimates and    •   Testing the relevant IT control environment in
                                               judgements.                                                       which billing and other relevant support systems
                                                                                                                 reside, including changes made to processes and
                                               We focused on this area because the accuracy of                   applications to support of HKFRS 15;
                                               revenue amounts recorded in the consolidated financial
                                               statements is an inherent risk in the telecommunications      •   Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                               industry. Revenue recognition is therefore designated as          assessments on the identification of performance
                                               a significant audit risk.                                         obligations based on the contractual agreements;

                                               Management’s judgement is required to assess the              •   Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                               relative standalone selling price of each performance             judgements and estimates used to determine
                                               obligation and the allocation of revenue among those              the standalone selling price of each performance
                                               different performance obligations in multiple-element             obligation and to allocate revenue to multiple-
                                               contracts. Management has used an in-house developed              element arrangements with reference to observable
                                               application to extract relevant data from the existing            market data;
                                               systems to allocate and recognize revenue under the new
                                               standard.                                                     •   Testing, the key controls over the capture and
                                                                                                                 measurement of revenue transactions and
                                               Significant effort is spent auditing the revenue recognized       performing detailed testing of revenue transactions,




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               because of the high volume of transactions, complexity            on a sample basis, by tracing the transactions from
                                               of the systems, frequent changes to a variety of tariff           the billing systems to supporting documents, such
                                               structures and different types of multiple-element                as underlying invoices, contractual agreements and
                                               contracts.                                                        evidence of cash receipts; and

                                                                                                             •   Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and
                                                                                                                 allocation of total transaction prices to each
                                                                                                                 performance obligation of multiple-element
                                                                                                                 arrangements and the related journal entries
                                                                                                                 posting.




56
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (Continued)
Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Expected credit loss (“ECL”) assessment of financial assets   Our procedures in relation to the ECL assessment of
at amortized cost                                             financial assets at amortized cost included, but were not
                                                              limited to:
Refer to note 2(k) – Summary of significant accounting
policies, note 3(e) – Critical accounting estimates and       •    Obtaining an understanding of management’s
judgements, and note 23 – Financial assets at amortized            process for the ECL assessment;
cost.
                                                              •    Together with the assistance of our internal
As at 30 June 2022, the Group has investments in                   valuation expert;
debt securities which are classified as financial assets
at amortized cost. The related charge to the ECL for               •    Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
financial assets at amortized cost was recognized in the                judgement and estimates used to determine
consolidated profit and loss account.                                   the staging by considering various factors such
                                                                        as the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
The Group assessed whether the credit risk of the debt                  the circumstances concerning the business
securities has increased significantly since their initial              and financial affairs of the underlying debt
recognition and applied a three-stage impairment model                  issuers at the time of initial recognition as well
approach to calculate the ECL. For debt securities that                 as at the end of the reporting period, relevant
are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed                industry information and expected industry
the ECL using a model that incorporated relevant                        outlook; and
assumptions, including probability of default (“PD”)
and loss given default (“LGD”). For debt securities that           •    Assessing the reasonableness and
are classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL                   appropriateness of the selection and
for each debt securities using various scenarios with                   application of models and underlying key
probability weightings given to those different scenarios.              assumptions, including the PD, LGD and
The assumptions also take into account forward-looking                  expected cashflows, the application of multiple
estimates by referencing to macroeconomic factors.                      scenarios and assigned probability in the model
                                                                        by considering the supporting evidence such
We focus on this area since determining the ECL involves                as credit reports issued by credible agencies,
significant management’s judgements and is subject to                   the latest financial information available from
a high degree of inherent uncertainty as to potential                   the debt securities issuers and other relevant
outcomes, which has increased significantly due to the                  information.
recent market condition and volatility of the debt security
market.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                             57
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                               Other Information
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
                                               information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
                                               thereon.

                                               Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                                               form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                                               In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
                                               information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
                                               financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                                               If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
                                               we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


                                               Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
                                               a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
                                               Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                               preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                               error.

                                               In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                               basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                               alternative but to do so.

                                               The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


                                               Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                                               Financial Statements




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
                                               are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                               opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981
                                               of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                                               for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                               conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
                                               arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                               expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                                               As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
                                               scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                                                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                                    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                                                    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


58
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Continued)
•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
     cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
     uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
     consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
     are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
     conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse Ming Yee.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 2 September 2022

                                                                                                                               59
                                               CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                                     Notes               $000              $000

                                               Service revenue and other related service                                            4,488,597         4,338,890
                                               Handset and accessory sales                                                          2,468,688         2,381,418


                                               Revenues                                                                5            6,957,285         6,720,308
                                               Cost of inventories sold                                                            (2,402,302)       (2,315,791)
                                               Cost of services provided                                                             (370,175)         (372,041)
                                               Staff costs                                                             6             (652,017)         (588,682)
                                               Other operating expenses, net                                           9             (957,462)         (984,203)
                                               Depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal                         9           (1,831,707)       (1,785,376)


                                               Operating profit                                                                       743,622           674,215
                                               Finance income                                                          7                1,635            35,853
                                               Finance costs                                                           8             (145,440)         (114,035)


                                               Profit before income tax                                                 9             599,817           596,033
                                               Income tax expense                                                      10            (176,891)         (153,395)


                                               Profit after income tax                                                                422,926          442,638


                                               Profit attributable to
                                               Company’s shareholders                                                                 423,170          444,621
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                                 (244)          (1,983)


                                                                                                                                      422,926          442,638


                                               Earnings per share for profit attributable to Company’s
                                                 shareholders during the year (expressed in cents per share)           14




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 Basic                                                                                   38.2              39.9
                                                 Diluted                                                                                 38.2              39.9




                                               The above consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
60
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                          For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                     $000            $000

Profit for the year                                                               422,926         442,638


Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Currency translation differences                                                  (400)           2,998
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
   Fair value (loss)/gain on financial asset at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                              (561)          12,404


Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                       (961)          15,402


Total comprehensive income for the year                                           421,965         458,040


Total comprehensive income attributable to
Company’s shareholders                                                            422,209         460,023
Non-controlling interests                                                            (244)         (1,983)


                                                                                  421,965         458,040




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22



The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                               61
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               At 30 June 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                              2022        2021
                                                                                                                  Notes       $000        $000

                                               Non-current assets
                                               Fixed assets                                                        16     2,736,212   2,679,862
                                               Customer acquisition costs                                          17        87,608      76,874
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        42,747      68,571
                                               Right-of-use assets                                                 19       917,635     904,627
                                               Interest in an associate                                            21             3           3
                                               Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income    22        16,194      16,755
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23       336,973     422,825
                                               Intangible assets                                                   24     4,904,742   3,119,536
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       130,145     167,485
                                               Deferred income tax assets                                          26         7,468       5,585


                                               Total non-current assets                                                   9,179,727   7,462,123


                                               Current assets
                                               Inventories                                                         27       100,036      57,423
                                               Financial assets at amortized cost                                  23        54,783      64,641
                                               Contract assets                                                     18        88,312     117,342
                                               Trade receivables                                                   25       343,809     332,177
                                               Deposits and prepayments                                            25       243,751     211,331
                                               Other receivables                                                   25        82,402      56,654
                                               Tax reserve certificate                                                      347,796     253,484
                                               Short-term bank deposits                                            28     1,755,049           –
                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                           28       385,467   2,094,884


                                               Total current assets                                                       3,401,405   3,187,936


                                               Current liabilities




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Trade payables                                                      29       239,453    414,085
                                               Other payables and accruals                                         29       723,543    722,367
                                               Contract liabilities                                                30       332,394    304,111
                                               Lease liabilities                                                   31       576,299    546,301
                                               Current income tax liabilities                                               557,318    492,981
                                               Bank and other borrowings                                           32     1,444,812     77,189
                                               Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                33       217,609    102,912


                                               Total current liabilities                                                  4,091,428   2,659,946




62
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                              At 30 June 2022
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                     Notes               $000           $000

Non-current liabilities
Asset retirement obligations                                           34              75,710         67,374
Contract liabilities                                                   30              14,455         24,640
Lease liabilities                                                      31             328,522        351,465
Bank and other borrowings                                              32              66,000      1,510,771
Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                                   33           2,734,426        826,962
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        26             116,807        111,793


Total non-current liabilities                                                       3,335,920      2,893,005


Net assets                                                                          5,153,784      5,097,108


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          35             110,579        111,099
Reserves                                                                            5,043,205      5,007,874


Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                             5,153,784      5,118,973
Non-controlling interests                                                                   –         (21,865)


Total equity                                                                        5,153,784      5,097,108

The financial statements on pages 60 to 132 were approved by the Board of Directors on 2 September 2022 and
were signed on its behalf.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Tam Lok-man, Norman
Director                                         Director




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                 63
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                             2022          2021
                                                                                                                Notes        $000          $000

                                               Cash flows from operating activities
                                               Profit before income tax                                                   599,817       596,033
                                               Adjustments for:
                                                 Depreciation of fixed assets                                    16       639,345       659,709
                                                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             19       668,914       710,775
                                                 Amortization of intangible assets                               24       431,828       325,552
                                                 Amortization of customer acquisition costs                      17        80,373         72,121
                                                 Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                 9        11,247         17,219
                                                 Finance income                                                   7        (1,635)       (35,853)
                                                 Finance costs                                                    8       145,440       114,035
                                                 Share-based payments                                             6         2,284          8,461


                                                                                                                        2,577,613     2,468,052
                                               Changes in working capital
                                                 (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                       (42,613)        2,222
                                                 Decrease in contract assets, trade receivables, deposits,
                                                    prepayments and other receivables                                      21,598       153,029
                                                 (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables, accruals,
                                                    contract liabilities and deferred income                             (152,585)        85,088
                                                 Capitalization of customer acquisition costs                             (91,107)       (71,289)


                                               Cash generated from operations                                           2,312,906     2,637,102
                                                 Interest paid                                                            (73,022)       (85,698)
                                                 Income tax paid                                                         (109,416)     (129,851)
                                                 Purchase of tax reserve certificate                                      (94,312)        (1,122)


                                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                2,036,156     2,420,431




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                 Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                     (711,676)    (850,507)
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                         73          344
                                                 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortized cost               62,128      179,107
                                                 Payment of spectrum utilization fee                                      (252,682)    (119,855)
                                                 (Increase)/decrease in short-term bank deposits                        (1,755,049)     123,316
                                                 Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortized cost                      –     (506,593)
                                                 Interest received                                                          35,568       38,235


                                               Net cash outflow from investing activities                               (2,621,638)   (1,135,953)




64
                                      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                     Notes              $000                $000

Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                    (22,360)             (47,328)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                            (3,563)              (6,785)
  Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                 (8,797)                   –
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                        (96,425)           (222,783)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                               (660,012)           (712,483)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                       (332,853)           (328,405)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (1,124,010)      (1,317,784)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                          (1,709,492)            (33,306)

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                2,094,884            2,127,409
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                  75                  781


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                   28            385,467            2,094,884




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                      65
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                   Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                                                                                     Capital                        share-based                                                  Non-
                                                                                              Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed     compensation      Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                                                                             capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus            reserve      reserve      profits        Total      interests        Total
                                                                                              $000         $000          $000          $000             $000               $000         $000        $000          $000          $000          $000

                                               At 30 June 2020                              112,227    1,640,986        2,453        15,818               997            18,340       (4,073)   3,246,259    5,033,007       (19,882)    5,013,125


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the year                                –           –             –             –                 –                   –          –     444,621      444,621          (1,983)    442,638
                                               Other comprehensive income
                                               Fair value gain on financial asset
                                                 at fair value through other
                                                 comprehensive income                             –           –        12,404             –                 –                   –          –            –      12,404               –      12,404
                                               Currency translation differences                   –           –             –             –                 –                   –      2,998            –       2,998               –       2,998


                                               Total comprehensive income for the year
                                                 ended 30 June 2021                               –           –        12,404             –                 –                   –      2,998     444,621      460,023          (1,983)    458,040


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments (note 6)                      –           –             –             –                 –              8,461           –            –         8,461             –         8,461
                                               Lapse of share option                              –           –             –             –                 –             (7,530)          –        7,530             –             –             –
                                               Lapse of share award                               –           –             –             –                 –             (2,169)          –        2,169             –             –             –
                                               Vesting of share award                             –           –             –             –             6,842           (11,059)           –        4,217             –             –             –
                                               Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))             (1,128)          –             –         1,128                 –                  –           –      (47,328)     (47,328)             –      (47,328)
                                               Purchase of shares for share award scheme          –           –             –             –            (6,785)                 –           –            –        (6,785)            –        (6,785)
                                               Payment of 2020 final dividend                     –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –     (167,312)    (167,312)             –     (167,312)
                                               Payment of 2021 interim dividend (note 15)         –           –             –             –                 –                  –           –     (161,093)    (161,093)             –     (161,093)


                                               Total transactions with owners                (1,128)          –             –         1,128                57           (12,297)           –     (361,817)    (374,057)             –     (374,057)


                                               At 30 June 2021                              111,099    1,640,986       14,857        16,946             1,054             6,043       (1,075)   3,329,063    5,118,973       (21,865)    5,097,108




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




66
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                               For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                    Attributable to the Company’s shareholders
                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                       Capital                  share-based                                                       Non-
                                              Share        Share    Revaluation    redemption     Contributed compensation         Exchange       Retained                  controlling
                                             capital    premium         reserve        reserve        surplus       reserve          reserve        profits        Total      interests       Total
                                               $000         $000           $000           $000           $000          $000             $000          $000         $000           $000        $000

At 30 June 2021                              111,099    1,640,986        14,857        16,946            1,054           6,043        (1,075)     3,329,063    5,118,973       (21,865)   5,097,108


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                –           –              –              –               –                –            –       423,170      423,170           (244)    422,926
Other comprehensive loss
Fair value loss on financial asset
    at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                           –           –           (561)             –               –                –           –               –         (561)            –         (561)
Currency translation differences                   –           –              –              –               –                –        (400)              –         (400)            –         (400)


Total comprehensive income for the year
   ended 30 June 2022                              –           –           (561)             –               –                –        (400)       423,170      422,209           (244)    421,965


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments (note 6)                      –           –              –             –                –            2,284            –              –        2,284             –        2,284
Lapse of share award                               –           –              –             –                –             (976)           –            976            –             –            –
Vesting of share award                             –           –              –             –            3,435           (5,646)           –          2,211            –             –            –
Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))               (520)          –              –           520                –                –            –        (22,360)     (22,360)            –      (22,360)
Purchase of shares for share award scheme          –           –              –             –           (3,563)               –            –              –       (3,563)            –       (3,563)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests
   (note 38)                                       –           –              –              –               –                –            –        (30,906)     (30,906)       22,109       (8,797)
Payment of 2021 final dividend                     –           –              –              –               –                –            –       (172,203)    (172,203)            –     (172,203)
Payment of 2022 interim dividend (note 15)         –           –              –              –               –                –            –       (160,650)    (160,650)            –     (160,650)


Total transactions with owners                  (520)          –              –           520             (128)          (4,338)           –       (382,932)    (387,398)       22,109     (365,289)


At 30 June 2022                              110,579    1,640,986        14,296        17,466              926           1,705        (1,475)     3,369,301    5,153,784             –    5,153,784




                                                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       67
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These
                                                   consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 2 September 2022.

                                                   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.


                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies
                                                   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
                                                   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                                   stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.


                                                   (a) Basis of preparation
                                                        (i)   Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                                                              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                                                              Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
                                                              Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
                                                              historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                                              measured at fair value.

                                                              The Group’s current liabilities exceeded current assets by $690,023,000 as at 30 June 2022. This was
                                                              mainly due to the guaranteed notes of $1,425,684,000 which are maturing in April 2023, contract
                                                              liabilities of $332,394,000 recognized under HKFRS 15 which will gradually reduce over time through




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              the satisfaction of performance obligations under the contract terms and current portion of lease
                                                              liabilities of $576,299,000 where the related right of use assets are classified within non-current assets.
                                                              Taking into account of the Group’s history of cashflows from operations and its expected future
                                                              working capital requirements and available cash and deposit balances, there are sufficient financial
                                                              resources available to the Group to meet its obligations as and when they fall due. Accordingly, these
                                                              consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.




68
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (a) Basis of preparation (continued)
      (ii) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
          The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual
          reporting period commencing 1 July 2021.

          HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9             Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
            and HKFRS 16 (Amendments)
          HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                          COVID-19-related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

          The adoption of these amendments did not have any impact on the amounts recognized in prior
          periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

      (iii) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards
            not yet adopted
          Certain new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations to existing standards have
          been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2022 reporting periods and have not been early
          adopted by the Group.

          Annual Improvements Project                    Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle1
          HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
          HKAS 1 (Amendments) and HKFRS                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies2
            Practice Statement 2
          HKAS 8 (Amendments)                            Definition of Account Estimates2
          HKAS 12 (Amendments)                           Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                           a Single Transaction2
          HKAS 16 (Amendments)                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended
                                                           Use1
          HKAS 37 (Amendments)                           Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract1
          HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework1
          HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                   Narrow-scope Amendments1
            (Amendments)
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                            Associate or Joint Venture3
          HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts2
          HK-Interpretation 5 (2020)                     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                            Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                            on Demand Clause2
          AG 5 (Revised)                                 Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations1




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
          3
               The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.




                                                                                                                        69
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                                                        (i)   Subsidiaries
                                                              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                                              controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                                                              with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
                                                              of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                                                              Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                                                              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies
                                                              are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                                              impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                                                              necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                                                              statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                        (ii) Associates
                                                              Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                                              control. This is generally the case where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                                              Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (iii) below),
                                                              after initially being recognized at cost.

                                                        (iii) Equity method
                                                              Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted
                                                              thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                                              profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                                              in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognized as a
                                                              reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                                              the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further
                                                              losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                              Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                                                              of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                                              provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                                                              investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                                                              Group.

                                                              The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                                              policy described in note 2(j).




70
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
      (iv) Changes in ownership interests
           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
           transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
           between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
           interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity
           attributable to owners of the Company.

           When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
           control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
           fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
           initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
           associate or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
           income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
           assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income
           are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
           applicable HKFRSs.

           If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
           proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
           reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


   (c) Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
      costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
      received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


   (d) Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision maker.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
      The board of the Company has appointed the Group’s senior executive management to assess the financial
      performance and position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions.




                                                                                                                       71
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (e) Foreign currency translation
                                                        (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                                                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                                                              the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                                                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (HK$), which is
                                                              the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                                                              at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                                                              such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                              currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss.

                                                              Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to bank and other borrowings, financial assets at
                                                              amortized cost, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
                                                              consolidated profit and loss account within “finance costs”. All other foreign exchange gains and
                                                              losses are presented in the consolidated profit and loss account on a net basis within “other operating
                                                              expenses, net”.

                                                              Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as financial asset at
                                                              fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                        (iii) Group companies
                                                              The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                                                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                                                              are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                                                              •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date
                                                                   of that balance sheet;




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              •    income and expenses for each profit and loss account and statement of comprehensive income
                                                                   are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                                                   cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                                                   expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

                                                              •    all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                              On consolidation, exchange difference arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                                                              entities are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the associated
                                                              exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                                                              In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                                              includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                                              are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss.




72
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (f) Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization (where
      the estimated useful life is other than indefinite) and impairment losses as described in note 2(j).

      (i)   Spectrum utilization fee
            Spectrum utilization fee represents the payments for using the assigned spectrum to provide
            telecommunication services in Hong Kong within a specified period. The upfront payments and the
            present value of the annual fixed fees payable over the period are recorded as intangible assets,
            together with the related obligations. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the
            remaining assignment period from the date when the asset is ready for its intended use.

            The difference between the discounted value and the total of the minimum annual fee payments
            represents the effective cost of financing and, accordingly, for the period prior to the asset being
            ready for its intended use, is capitalized as part of the intangible asset consistent with the policy for
            borrowing costs as set out in note 2(t). Subsequent to the date when the asset is ready for its intended
            use, such finance costs will be charged to the consolidated profit and loss account in the year in which
            they are incurred.

            Variable annual payments are recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as incurred.


   (g) Fixed assets
      Fixed assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
      Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
      appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
      the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
      accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
      charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values,
      over their estimated useful lives. The principal annual rates are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                                                     Over the lease term
      Buildings                                                                                  Over the lease term
      Network and testing equipment                                                                     10% – 50%
      Computer, billing and office telephone equipment                                               20% – 331/3%
      Other fixed assets                                                                             20% – 331/3%




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
      The cost of the network comprises assets and equipment of the telecommunications network purchased at
      cost. Depreciation of each part of the network commences from the date of launch of the relevant services.

      No depreciation is provided for any part of the network under construction, including the equipment
      therein.

      Other fixed assets comprise motor vehicles, equipment, furniture and fixtures.



                                                                                                                         73
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (g) Fixed assets (continued)
                                                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                        reporting period.

                                                        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                                                        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(j)).

                                                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                                        included in profit or loss.


                                                   (h) Leases
                                                        An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
                                                        determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                                                        time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the
                                                        arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.

                                                        Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the dates at which the
                                                        leased assets are available for use by the Group.

                                                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                                                        (i)   Lease liabilities
                                                              Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                                                              •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                                                              •    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

                                                              •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee,
                                                                   exercising an option to terminate the lease.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                                              measurement of the liability.

                                                              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                                                              determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would
                                                              have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
                                                              environment with similar terms and conditions.




74
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (h) Leases (continued)
       (i)   Lease liabilities (continued)
             To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

             •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the Group as a starting point,
                  adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

             •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                  held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

             •    makes adjustments specific to the lease.

             The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
             rate, which are not included in the lease liability until effective. When adjustments to lease payments
             based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
             use asset.

             Lease payments are allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
             the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
             rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

       (ii) Right-of-use assets
             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

             •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

             •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentive received;

             •    any initial direct costs; and

             •    restoration costs.

             The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives and the lease terms
             on a straight-line basis.

       (iii) Short-term and low-value leases
             Payments associated with short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets and all low-value leases
             are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms as expenses in the consolidated profit and




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
             loss account. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.




                                                                                                                            75
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (i) Customer acquisition costs eligible for capitalization
                                                        The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications services contracts are those costs that would not
                                                        have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These incremental costs are required to be
                                                        capitalized as an asset when incurred, and amortized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated profit and
                                                        loss account over the minimum enforceable contractual period.


                                                   (j) Impairment of non-financial assets
                                                        Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                                                        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
                                                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
                                                        value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                                                        at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
                                                        of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
                                                        suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
                                                        period.


                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets
                                                        (i)   Classification
                                                              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                                              •    those to be measured subsequently at financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                   income; and

                                                              •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

                                                              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                                              contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                                              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              For investments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
                                                              irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
                                                              through other comprehensive income.

                                                              For assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
                                                              payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. The Group reclassifies financial
                                                              assets at amortized cost when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

                                                        (ii) Recognition and derecognition
                                                              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which
                                                              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to
                                                              receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                                              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




76
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      (iii) Measurement
          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that
          are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.

          Financial assets at amortized cost
          Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortized cost depends on the Group’s business
          model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. Interest income from
          these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain
          or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/
          (losses), together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate
          line item in the consolidated profit and loss account.

          Financial assets at fair value
          The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
          has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
          reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
          investment. Investment income from such investments continue to be recognized in profit or loss as
          other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

      (iv) Impairment
          The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses for:

          •    financial assets at amortized cost; and

          •    financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income

          Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, measured based on the
          difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
          flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective
          interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other
          credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                       77
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (k) Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                                                        (iv) Impairment (continued)
                                                             Expected credit losses are recognized in stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
                                                             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, expected credit losses are provided for credit
                                                             losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
                                                             For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                                             recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses that result from all possible default events
                                                             over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default.

                                                             For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                                                             HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the
                                                             receivables.

                                                             The Group considers a financial asset is in default when the Group is unlikely to receive the
                                                             outstanding contractual amounts in full, without recourse by the Group to action such as realizing the
                                                             security (if any is held). A financial asset can be classified as in default but without an allowance for
                                                             credit losses (i.e. no impairment loss is expected) after taking into account the value of collateral held
                                                             by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
                                                             the contractual cash flows. Write-offs can relate to a financial asset in its entirety, or to a portion of it,
                                                             and constitute a derecognition event.


                                                   (l) Offsetting financial instruments
                                                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
                                                        currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle
                                                        on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
                                                        arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
                                                        in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.


                                                   (m) Inventories




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Inventories, comprising handsets and accessories, and purchased parts and materials are stated at the lower
                                                        of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. Net realizable value is the
                                                        estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable selling expenses.


                                                   (n) Trade receivables
                                                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                                                        course of business. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 45 days and therefore are all
                                                        classified as current.

                                                        Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using
                                                        the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 2(j) for a description of the Group’s
                                                        impairment policies.




78
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (o) Contract assets
      Contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements are recognized when the Group has performed
      the service or transferred the good to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before
      payment is due.


   (p) Cash and cash equivalents
      For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
      at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
      investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
      of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


   (q) Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
      deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, the consideration paid, including
      any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
      Company’s shareholders as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary
      shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental
      transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s
      shareholders.

      Shares held for share award scheme are deducted from equity.


   (r) Trade and other payables
      These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
      financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented
      as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are
      recognized initially at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective
      interest method.


   (s) Contract liabilities
      The Group recognizes contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to
      an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group performs a service or transfers a good
      to the customer.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                      79
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (t) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                                                        Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                                                        subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                                                        and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                                                        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction
                                                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                                                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                                                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity
                                                        services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                                                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                                                        cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
                                                        extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets
                                                        transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.

                                                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                                                        settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                                                        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                                                        production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and
                                                        prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                                                        period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                                                        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                                                        on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

                                                        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   (u) Current and deferred income tax
                                                        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
                                                        liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                                                        (i)   Current income tax
                                                              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                                                              enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                              and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                                                              taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                                                              interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
                                                              to the tax authorities.




80
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (u) Current and deferred income tax (continued)
      (ii) Deferred income tax
           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
           affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
           (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
           expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax
           liability is settled.

           Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
           utilize those temporary differences and losses.

           Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying
           amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
           the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
           reverse in the foreseeable future.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
           tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
           Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
           and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
           recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized
           in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


   (v) Provisions
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
      events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
      can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise employee termination payments. Provisions are
      not recognized for future operating losses.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
      settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even
      if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
      be small.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
      to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine
      the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
      the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as
      interest expense.




                                                                                                                           81
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (w)Employee benefits
                                                        (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                                                              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                                                              made for the estimated liability for annual leave arising from services rendered by employees up to the
                                                              balance sheet date.

                                                              Employee entitlements to sick leave, maternity or paternity leave and marriage leave are not
                                                              recognized until the time of leave.

                                                        (ii) Bonus plans
                                                              The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                                                              consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                                                              Group recognizes a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has
                                                              created a constructive obligation.

                                                        (iii) Retirement benefits
                                                              The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes (including Mandatory Provident Funds)
                                                              for its employees, the assets of which are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The
                                                              schemes are generally funded by payments from the relevant group companies.

                                                              Contributions to defined contribution plans, including contributions to Mandatory Provident Funds
                                                              as required under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, are recognized
                                                              as an expense in the consolidated profit and loss account when they are due. Prepaid contributions
                                                              are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is
                                                              available.

                                                              The Group pays fixed contributions and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                                                              contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                                                              employee service in the current and prior periods.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




82
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (w)Employee benefits (continued)
      (iv) Share-based payments
          Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via share award scheme and share
          option scheme. Information relating to these schemes is set out in note 36. The Group operates equity-
          settled, share-based compensation plans under which the Group receives services from employees as
          consideration for equity instruments of the Group.

          Share award scheme
          Under the share award scheme, shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration. The fair
          value of the employee services received in exchange for the award of the shares is recognized as an
          expense with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
          reference to the market value of the shares awarded at the grant date. The total expense is recognized
          over the vesting period which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
          satisfied.

          The grant by the Company of its own shares to employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is
          treated as capital contribution. The market value of the shares awarded at the grant date is recognized
          over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to
          equity in the parent entity financial statements.

          Share option scheme
          The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized
          as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined
          by reference to the fair value of the options granted, including any market performance conditions
          (for example, the entity’s share price) and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excluding the
          impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
          sales growth targets). The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over
          which all of the specific vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period,
          the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-
          market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
          any, in the consolidated profit and loss account with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

          When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
          directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

          The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
          undertakings in the Group is treated as capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
          received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
          an increase to investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity
          financial statements.




                                                                                                                      83
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (x) Contingent assets and liabilities
                                                        A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                                                        only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of
                                                        the Group.

                                                        Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when an
                                                        inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognized.

                                                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                                                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                                                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
                                                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                                                        cannot be measured reliably.

                                                        A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When a
                                                        change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a
                                                        provision.


                                                   (y) Revenue recognition
                                                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
                                                        and services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates and
                                                        discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

                                                        The Group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that
                                                        future economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
                                                        activities as described below. The Group bases its estimates of return on historical results, taking into
                                                        consideration the type of customers, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.

                                                        Revenue is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account as follows:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        (i)   Sales of goods
                                                              Revenue from the sales of goods is recognized when control of the products has been transferred to
                                                              the customer, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and
                                                              title has passed and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                        (ii) Provision of services
                                                              Revenue from services is measured based on the usage of the Group’s telecommunications network
                                                              and facilities and is recognized when the services are rendered. Service revenue in respect of standard
                                                              service plans billed in advance is deferred and included under contract liabilities.

                                                        (iii) Multiple-element arrangements
                                                              The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                              standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                              element provided within the bundled contracts.




84
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
   (z) Interest income
      Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost and financial asset at fair value through other
      comprehensive income calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the consolidated
      profit and loss account as part of “finance income”.

      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
      financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
      financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
      deduction of the loss allowance).


   (aa) Dividend income
      Dividends are recognized as revenue when the right to receive payment is established.


   (ab) Earning per share
      (i)   Basic earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

            •    the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders

            •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
                 excluding shares held for share award scheme.

      (ii) Diluted earnings per share
            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
            take into account:

            •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                 assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


   (ac) Dividend distribution
      Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at
      the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
      the reporting period.


   (ad) Financial guarantee
      A financial guarantee contract requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
      for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the
      terms of a debt instrument. The Group recognizes financial guarantee contract as insurance contract, and
      performs a liability adequacy test at each reporting date by comparing its net liability regarding the financial
      guarantee with the amount that would be required if the financial guarantee would result in a present legal
      or constructive obligation. If the liability is less than its present legal or constructive obligation amount, the
      entire difference is recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account immediately.




                                                                                                                           85
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                                   (ae) Related parties
                                                        For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the
                                                        Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence
                                                        over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the
                                                        party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals
                                                        including key management or other entities.


                                                   (af) Government grants
                                                        Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                                                        the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                                                        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the profit or loss over the period
                                                        necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


                                               3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                                                   The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                                                   equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
                                                   policies.

                                                   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                   including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
                                                   reasonable under the circumstances.


                                                   (a) Revenue recognition
                                                        The amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
                                                        standalone selling prices or estimated fair values of each of the services element and handset device
                                                        element provided within the bundled contracts. The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement
                                                        in relation to estimating the fair value of undelivered element.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (b) Useful lives of fixed assets
                                                        The fixed assets used in the network are long-lived but may be subject to technical obsolescence. The
                                                        annual depreciation charges are sensitive to the estimated economic useful lives the Group allocates to
                                                        each type of fixed assets. Management performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of their
                                                        estimated economic useful lives. Such reviews take into account the technological changes, prospective
                                                        economic utilization and physical condition of the assets concerned. The useful lives are estimated at the
                                                        time the purchases are made after considering the future technology changes, business developments and
                                                        the Group’s strategies. Should there be unexpected adverse changes in the circumstances or events, the
                                                        Group assesses the need to shorten the useful lives and/or make impairment provisions. Indications of these
                                                        unexpected adverse changes include declines in projected operating results, negative industry or economic
                                                        trends and rapid advancement in technology.




86
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  (c) Impairment of fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     The Group performs impairment assessment on fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     when there is any impairment indicator. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use
     calculations or market valuations. These calculations require judgements and estimates.

     Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing whether
     (1) an event has occurred that may affect asset values; (2) the carrying value of cash-generating unit can
     be supported by the net present value of future cash flows from the assets using estimated cash flow
     projections; and (3) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
     selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or
     the growth rate assumption in the cash flows projections, could significantly affect the Group’s reported
     financial condition and results of operations.


  (d) Current and deferred income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
     determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
     were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
     in the period in which such determination is made.


  (e) Expected credit loss (“ECL”) for financial assets at amortized cost
     The measurement of the ECL for financial assets at amortized cost is an area that requires significant
     assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour.

     Significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL. The
     Group assessed whether the credit risk of the financial assets at amortized cost increased significantly since
     their initial recognition, and applied a three-stage impairment model approach to calculate the ECL. For
     financial assets at amortized cost that are classified as stage 1 or stage 2, the Group assessed the ECL using
     a model that incorporated relevant assumptions, including Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given
     Default (“LGD”). For financial assets at amortized cost classified as stage 3, the Group assessed the ECL
     using a discounted cashflow model with probability weightings given to different probable scenarios. The
     assumptions also consider forward-looking estimates by referencing to macro-economic factors.

     Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in note 4.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                        87
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management
                                                   This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
                                                   financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
                                                   context.

                                                   Risk                                    Exposure arising from                             Measurement

                                                   Market risk – foreign exchange          Future commercial transactions                    Cash flow forecasting
                                                                                           Recognized financial assets and liabilities not   Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                             denominated in Hong Kong dollar (HK$)
                                                   Market risk – interest rate             Long-term borrowings at variable rates            Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Market risk – security prices           Investments in equity securities                  Sensitivity analysis
                                                   Credit risk                             Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,     Ageing analysis
                                                                                             financial assets at amortized cost, other       Credit ratings
                                                                                             receivables and contract assets
                                                   Liquidity risk                          Borrowings and other liabilities                  Projected cash flow analysis

                                                   The Group’s treasury policy, approved from time to time by the board of directors, is designed to minimize
                                                   the Group’s exposure to financial risks. The Group’s risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of
                                                   financial markets and seeks to mitigate potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                                                   (a) Financial risk factors
                                                          (i)   Market risk
                                                                The Group’s exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk.
                                                                There has been no change to the manner in which the Group manages and measures such risks.

                                                                Foreign exchange risk
                                                                Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities
                                                                denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant Group entity, primarily
                                                                with respect to the US dollar. Any change in the exchange rates of US dollar to Hong Kong dollar will
                                                                impact the Group’s operating results.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are principally denominated in US dollar. The Group
                                                                currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging.




88
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            Exposure
            The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk of US dollar at the end of the reporting period,
            expressed in Hong Kong dollar, was as follows:

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                           $000               $000

            Financial assets at amortized cost                                          391,756            487,466
            Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income             16,194             16,755
            Trade receivables                                                            55,722             54,961
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                     2,954             77,872
            Bank and other borrowings                                                (1,444,812)        (1,522,117)
            Trade payables                                                              (76,227)          (190,400)
            Other payables and accruals                                                 (35,091)           (37,258)

            Sensitivity
            As shown in the table above, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in US/HK$ exchange rates.
            The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from the United States
            dollar denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                    Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                         $000             $000

            US/HK$ exchange rate – increase 1%*                                         (10,895)           (11,127)
            US/HK$ exchange rate – decrease 1%*                                          10,895             11,127

            *    Holding all other variables constant

            Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from the holding of bank deposits and bank and other
            borrowings. Bank and other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk which is partially offset by bank deposits held at variable rates. Bank and other borrowings
            and financial assets at amortized cost issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
            risk.




                                                                                                                        89
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (i)   Market risk (continued)
                                                              Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)
                                                              The exposure of the Group’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as
                                                              follows:

                                                                                                          2022      % of total              2021          % of total
                                                                                                          $000     borrowings               $000         borrowings

                                                              Variable rate borrowings                  66,000             4%             65,843                4%
                                                              Fixed rate borrowings                  1,444,812            96%          1,522,117               96%


                                                                                                     1,510,812          100%           1,587,960              100%

                                                              An analysis by maturities is provided in note 4(a)(iii). The percentage of total borrowings shows
                                                              the proportion of borrowings that are currently at variable rates in relation to the total amount of
                                                              borrowings.

                                                              Sensitivity
                                                              Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower net interest income from bank deposits and interest expenses
                                                              on bank borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.

                                                                                                                                     Impact on pre-tax profit
                                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                              Interest rates – increase by 100 basis points*                              20,680             20,160
                                                              Interest rates – decrease by 100 basis points*                             (20,680)           (20,160)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              *    Holding all other variables constant

                                                              Price risk
                                                              The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and classified in the
                                                              balance sheet as financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. The financial
                                                              asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net asset
                                                              value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund. The Group
                                                              manages its exposure by closely monitoring the price movements and the change in market conditions
                                                              that may affect the value of the investment.

                                                              At 30 June 2022, if the fair value of the financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                              income had increased or decreased by 10% and all other variables were held constant, the investment
                                                              revaluation reserve of the Group would increase or decrease by approximately $1,619,000 (2021:
                                                              $1,676,000).




90
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk
          Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of financial assets carried
          at amortized cost, and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to
          customers, including outstanding receivables.

          Risk management
          The Group manages its credit risk to non-performance of its counterparties by monitoring their credit
          ratings and setting approved counterparty limits that are regularly reviewed. In accordance with the
          treasury policy, the Group invests its surplus funds by placing deposits with credit worthy banks and
          financial institutions or investing in financial assets at amortized cost in accordance with the mandates as
          approved by the Board of Directors.

          The Group is also exposed to credit risk from its operating activities. The credit periods granted by the
          Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date of invoice. The Group
          does not have a significant exposure to any individual debtor.

          Impairment
          The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

          •    trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunication services and from the provision
               of multiple-element arrangements;

          •    contract assets relating to multiple-element arrangements;

          •    other receivables and deposits; and

          •    financial assets at amortized cost.

          While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
          identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to
          measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables
          and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. Details are set out in note 25.

          The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
          considered by management. Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to
          these contract assets were minimal as at 30 June 2022 and the Group made no write-offs or provision
          for these contract assets during the year.

          Other receivables and deposits are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparties have capacity
          to meet their contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model
          resulted in an immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.




                                                                                                                         91
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            Expected credit loss allowance has been provided for financial assets at amortized cost. The
                                                            measurement of ECL on financial assets at amortized cost reflects:

                                                            •    an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
                                                                 possible outcomes;

                                                            •    the time value of money; and

                                                            •    reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                                                                 reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.

                                                            The Group adopts a “three-stage” model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since
                                                            initial recognition, to estimate the expected credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost. The key
                                                            definition of the three stages is summarised below:

                                                            Stage 1: For financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial recognition or
                                                            that have low credit risk at the reporting date, the expected credit losses are recognized at an amount
                                                            equal to the portions of lifetime expected credit losses that result from default events possible within
                                                            the next 12 months;

                                                            Stage 2: For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
                                                            but there is no objective evidence of impairment, lifetime expected credit losses are recognized and
                                                            interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the asset;

                                                            Stage 3: For financial instruments in default at the end of the reporting period, lifetime expected
                                                            credit losses are recognized and interest income is calculated on the net carrying amount of the asset,
                                                            i.e. gross carrying amount less ECL allowance.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)
                                                            The Group assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                                                            initial recognition on an ongoing basis. The Group sufficiently considers reasonable and supportable
                                                            information, including forward-looking information, which reflects the significant increase in credit
                                                            risk. The major factors considered include regulatory and business environment, external credit rating,
                                                            repayment ability, operation capacity, repayment behaviours, market price etc.




92
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii) Credit risk (continued)
          Impairment (continued)
          Definition of default (Stage 3)
          The Group determines that a financial instrument is credit impaired and in stage 3 by considering
          relevant objective evidence, primarily whether:

          •    contractual payments of either principal or interest are past due for more than 90 days;

          •    there are other indications that the borrower is unlikely to pay, such as when a concession has
               been granted to the borrower for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
               condition; and

          •    there is a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event.

          Maximum exposure and year-end staging
          The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
          Group’s credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was
          available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 30 June. For financial
          assets at amortized cost, the Group also monitored them by using external credit ratings and the
          amounts presented below are gross carrying amounts.

                                             12-month
                                                  ECLs               Lifetime ECLs
                                               Stage 1             Stage 2         Stage 3                  Total
                                                  $000                $000            $000                  $000

          At 30 June 2022
          Financial assets at amortized
             cost                               104,267            212,290           106,199              422,756


          At 30 June 2021
          Financial assets at amortized
             cost                               487,466                   –                 –             487,466




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                     93
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
                                                        (ii) Credit risk (continued)
                                                            Impairment (continued)
                                                            During the year, the following loss allowances were recognized in consolidated profit and loss account
                                                            in relation to the Group’s financial assets measured at amortized costs.

                                                                                                            12-month
                                                                                                                 ECLs                     Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                              Stage 1                   Stage 2                 Stage 3                       Total
                                                                                                                $000                      $000                    $000                        $000

                                                            At 1 July 2021                                                –                       –                      –                          –
                                                            Financial assets at amortized
                                                               cost                                                   86                  3,412                  27,502                     31,000


                                                            At 30 June 2022                                           86                  3,412                  27,502                     31,000

                                                            For the credit-impaired financial assets at amortized cost (stage 3), the impairment loss was estimated
                                                            based on management’s assessment on the eventual shortfall of cash recoverable using a lifetime
                                                            expected credit loss model. The impairment assessment used key inputs based on the most recent
                                                            available financial information of the underlying investment. The assessments on the financial assets at
                                                            amortized cost under Stage 3 involved probability weighted outcomes and calculation of an expected
                                                            value as a whole.

                                                            After calculating the expected values of financial assets at amortized cost under different scenarios, a
                                                            weighted ECL was calculated for the financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                            The below table illustrates the assumptions used in estimating the ECL recorded on financial assets at
                                                            amortized cost under stage 3:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                      Changes
                                                                                                                                         in ECL
                                                                                                                                   recorded in
                                                                                                                                     profit and
                                                                                                                                   loss for the ECL balance
                                                                                                                                   year ended          as at                    Scenario     Payment
                                                            Issuer     Maturity dates     Coupon rate Credit rating Credit rating 30 June 2022 30 June 2022 Scenario          probability    terms
                                                                                                   % 30 June 2022 30 June 2021               $M         $M                             %

                                                            Issuer 1   25 August 2022 –    6.5%–7.5% Caa2           Ba2                  (27.5)        27.5 – Restructuring     5%–60%       1–5 years
                                                                         9 June 2024                                                                        – Straight sale
                                                                                                                                                            – Liquidation

                                                            For other financial assets at amortized cost under stage 1 and stage 2, the coupon rates are ranging
                                                            from 4.5% to 7.9% (30 June 2021: 4.5% to 8.5%), with maturity dates ranging from 1 February
                                                            2023 to 18 August 2025 and credit rating ranging from Baa2 to B3 (30 June 2021: from Aa2 to Ba3).



94
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (iii) Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its obligations when they fall due, resulting
          from amount and maturity mismatches of assets and liabilities.

          The Group employs projected cash flow analysis to manage liquidity risk by forecasting the amount of
          cash required and monitoring the Group’s working capital to ensure that all liabilities due and known
          funding requirements could be met.

          The Group maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash to
          meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the normal course of business.

          The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
          their contractual maturities for financial liabilities.

          The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within
          12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                          Total
          Contractual maturities of                1 year    1 year to   2 years to        Over    contractual    Carrying
          financial liabilities                    or less     2 years      5 years      5 years    cash flows     amount
                                                    $000         $000         $000         $000           $000        $000

          At 30 June 2022
          Trade payables                          239,453           –            –            –       239,453      239,453
          Other payables and accruals             588,516           –            –            –       588,516      588,516
          Bank and other borrowings
            (include interest payable)           1,503,274      3,980       15,746        61,659    1,584,659     1,523,711
          Spectrum utilization fee liabilities     219,636    224,999      708,504     2,329,764    3,482,903     2,952,035
          Lease liabilities                        583,644    276,256       55,606         1,183      916,689       904,821


          Total                                  3,134,523    505,235      779,856     2,392,606    6,812,220     6,208,536


          At 30 June 2021
          Trade payables                          414,085           –            –            –       414,085      414,085
          Other payables and accruals             558,116           –            –            –       558,116      558,116
          Bank and other borrowings
            (include interest payable)            135,850    1,505,958      14,286       67,099     1,723,193     1,601,288




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
          Spectrum utilization fee liabilities    104,881       68,267     215,212      712,934     1,101,294       929,874
          Lease liabilities                       556,382      251,399     104,279        1,162       913,222       897,766


          Total                                  1,769,314   1,825,624     333,777      781,195     4,709,910     4,401,129




                                                                                                                              95
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Financial risk management (continued)
                                                   (b) Capital management
                                                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to:

                                                        •    safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                             shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

                                                        •    maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                                                        The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders, comprising share
                                                        capital and reserves. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure
                                                        optimal capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the
                                                        Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected capital expenditures.

                                                        The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
                                                        total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank and other borrowings as shown in the consolidated balance
                                                        sheet less cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and financial assets at amortized cost.

                                                                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                                                                           $000               $000

                                                        Net cash                                                                      1,021,460           994,390
                                                        Total equity                                                                  5,153,784         5,097,108

                                                        Net debt to equity ratio                                                            N/A                N/A


                                                   (c) Fair value estimation
                                                        This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
                                                        instruments that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
                                                        indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
                                                        financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        each level follows underneath the table.




96
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Financial risk management (continued)
   (c) Fair value estimation (continued)
       The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured and recognized at fair value at
       30 June 2022 and 2021.

                                                     Level 1                Level 2          Level 3              Total
                                                       $000                   $000             $000               $000

       Assets
       Financial asset at fair value
          through other comprehensive
          income (note 22)

       At 30 June 2022                                      –               16,194                 –            16,194


       At 30 June 2021                                      –               16,755                 –            16,755

       There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the year.

       Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
       and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
       market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
       included in level 1.

       Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
       the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable
       market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
       value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

       Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
       included in level 3.

       See note 22(d) for the valuation techniques used to value financial assets measured at fair value. There were
       no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

       All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.


5 Segment reporting
   The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
   management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
   resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

   The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
   the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
   tax, depreciation, amortization and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.




                                                                                                                             97
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


                                                   (a) Segment results
                                                                                                             For the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                              Hong Kong              Macau       Elimination        Consolidated
                                                                                                   $000                $000            $000                 $000

                                                        External revenue                       6,453,157            504,128                 –          6,957,285
                                                        Inter-segment revenue                    438,718              5,590          (444,308)                 –


                                                        Total revenue                          6,891,875            509,718          (444,308)         6,957,285


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time                   2,453,371            452,175          (436,858)         2,468,688
                                                          Over time                            4,438,504             57,543            (7,450)         4,488,597


                                                                                               6,891,875            509,718          (444,308)         6,957,285


                                                        EBITDA                                 2,570,822              4,507                  –         2,575,329
                                                        Depreciation, amortization and
                                                          loss on disposal                     (1,823,970)           (7,737)                 –        (1,831,707)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)                  746,852             (3,230)                 –          743,622


                                                        Finance income                                                                                     1,635
                                                        Finance costs                                                                                   (145,440)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Profit before income tax                                                                        599,817


                                                        Other information
                                                        Additions to fixed assets                704,897              3,546                  –           708,443
                                                        Additions to intangible assets         2,217,034                  –                  –         2,217,034
                                                        Depreciation of fixed assets             636,090              3,255                  –           639,345
                                                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets      665,087              3,827                  –           668,914
                                                        Amortization of intangible assets        431,828                  –                  –           431,828
                                                        Amortization of customer
                                                          acquisition costs                        79,733               640                  –            80,373
                                                        Loss on disposal of fixed assets           11,232                15                  –            11,247
                                                        Impairment loss of trade
                                                          receivables                                 608               676                  –             1,284
                                                        (Reversal of)/impairment loss of
                                                          inventories                              (5,112)                 9                 –            (5,103)




98
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




5 Segment reporting (continued)
   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                          For the year ended 30 June 2021
                                            Hong Kong              Macau        Elimination    Consolidated
                                                 $000               $000              $000            $000

      External revenue                      6,363,855           356,453                  –       6,720,308
      Inter-segment revenue                   284,346             6,634           (290,980)              –


      Total revenue                         6,648,201           363,087           (290,980)      6,720,308


      Timing of revenue recognition
        At a point in time                  2,376,218           287,935           (282,735)      2,381,418
        Over time                           4,271,983            75,152             (8,245)      4,338,890


                                            6,648,201           363,087           (290,980)      6,720,308


      EBITDA                                2,459,628                (37)                –       2,459,591
      Depreciation, amortization and
        loss on disposal                    (1,780,284)           (5,093)                1      (1,785,376)


      Operating profit/(loss)                 679,344             (5,130)                1         674,215


      Finance income                                                                                35,853
      Finance costs                                                                               (114,035)


      Profit before income tax                                                                     596,033


      Other information
      Additions to fixed assets               649,694              2,116                  –        651,810
      Additions to intangible assets          572,528                  –                  –        572,528
      Depreciation of fixed assets            657,071              2,639                 (1)       659,709
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets     709,543              1,232                  –        710,775
      Amortization of intangible assets       325,552                  –                  –        325,552
      Amortization of customer
        acquisition costs                      70,896              1,225                 –          72,121
      Loss/(gain) on disposal of fixed
        assets                                 17,222                 (3)                –          17,219




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
      Impairment loss of trade
        receivables                              6,796              775                  –           7,571
      Impairment loss/(reversal of
        impairment loss) of inventories           953               (494)                –             459

      Sales between segments are carried out in accordance with terms mutually agreed by the relevant parties
      and are eliminated on consolidation.




                                                                                                                99
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               5 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                                                           At 30 June 2022
                                                                                                 Hong Kong                 Macau      Unallocated          Consolidated
                                                                                                      $000                  $000             $000                  $000

                                                        Segment assets                            11,710,180             107,735             763,217             12,581,132


                                                        Segment liabilities                       (6,645,946)           (107,277)           (674,125)            (7,427,348)

                                                                                                                           At 30 June 2021
                                                                                                  Hong Kong                Macau        Unallocated         Consolidated
                                                                                                       $000                 $000              $000                 $000

                                                        Segment assets                             9,784,797             101,969             763,293             10,650,059


                                                        Segment liabilities                        (4,832,965)           (115,212)          (604,774)            (5,552,951)

                                                        The total of non-current assets other than interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value through other
                                                        comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets located in Hong
                                                        Kong is $8,739,930,000 (2021: $6,941,685,000), and the total of these non-current assets located in
                                                        Macau is $79,159,000 (2021: $75,270,000).

                                                        Unallocated assets consist of tax reserve certificate, interest in an associate, financial asset at fair value
                                                        through other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortized cost and deferred income tax assets.

                                                        Unallocated liabilities consist of current income tax liabilities and deferred income tax liabilities.


                                               6 Staff costs




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                 $000                 $000

                                                   Wages and salaries                                                                        584,475               534,500
                                                   Bonuses                                                                                    29,000                11,720
                                                   Contributions to defined contribution plans                                                36,258                34,001
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                        2,284                 8,461


                                                                                                                                             652,017               588,682




100
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




7 Finance income
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                      $000              $000

  Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost                            22,720           23,663
  Interest income from bank deposits                                                  9,737           11,221
  Accretion income                                                                      178              969
  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                        (31,000)               –


                                                                                      1,635           35,853

  During the year ended 30 June 2022, expected credit loss of $31,000,000 was recognized to reflect the change
  in credit risk for the financial assets at amortized cost.

  Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
  effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the year.


8 Finance costs
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                   Notes              $000              $000

  Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                     62,220            65,942
  Accretion expenses
     Spectrum utilization fee liabilities                           33              57,809            21,508
     Lease liabilities                                              31              13,934            24,337
     Asset retirement obligations                                   34                 502               545
  Net exchange loss on financing activities                         13              10,975             1,657
  Loss on disposal of financial assets at amortized cost                                 –                46


                                                                                   145,440           114,035

  Accretion expenses represent changes in the spectrum utilization fee liabilities, lease liabilities and asset
  retirement obligations due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of
  allocation to the amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the year.




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                  101
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               9 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                                         Notes        $000              $000

                                                   Other operating expenses, net
                                                     – Network costs                                                               532,371           559,779
                                                     – Short-term and low-value leases                                              38,761            40,140
                                                     – Impairment loss of trade receivables                                25        1,284             7,571
                                                     – Auditor’s remuneration
                                                        – Audit services                                                             2,553             2,476
                                                        – Non-audit services                                                           864               985
                                                     – Net exchange loss                                                   13        1,844             3,092
                                                     – Others                                                                      379,785           370,160
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                 11,247            17,219
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                            16      639,345           659,709
                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     19      668,914           710,775
                                                   Amortization of spectrum utilization fee                                24      431,828           325,552
                                                   Amortization of customer acquisition costs                              17       80,373            72,121
                                                   (Reversal of)/impairment loss of inventories                            27       (5,103)              459


                                               10 Income tax expense
                                                   This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
                                                   assessable and non-deductible items.


                                                   (a) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                                                      $000              $000

                                                        Current income tax




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                    173,208           135,581
                                                          Overseas tax                                                               2,292             1,571
                                                        (Over)/under-provision in prior years
                                                          Hong Kong profits tax                                                      (1,403)          19,474
                                                          Overseas tax                                                                 (337)               –


                                                        Total current income tax expense                                           173,760           156,626


                                                        Deferred income tax
                                                        Increase in deferred income tax assets                                       (1,883)           (1,444)
                                                        Increase/(decrease) in deferred income tax liabilities                        5,014            (1,787)


                                                        Total deferred income tax expense/(benefit)                                   3,131            (3,231)


                                                        Income tax expense                                                         176,891           153,395


102
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Income tax expense (continued)
   (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax
       payable
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                         $000             $000

      Profit before income tax expense                                                 599,817         596,033


      Tax at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)                              98,970          98,346
      Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating
        taxable income:
        Anti-epidemic fund                                                                (290)        (12,605)
        Interest income                                                                 (3,617)          (3,944)
        Net exchange loss                                                                1,786              260
        Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost                       5,115                –
        Temporary differences/Non-deductible expenses                                   81,478          55,754
      Difference in overseas tax rates                                                   1,039              779
      (Over)/under-provision in prior years                                             (1,740)         19,474
      Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 (4,128)          (3,258)
      Tax loss not recognized                                                              899              892
      Utilization of previously unrecognized tax losses                                 (2,621)          (2,303)


      Income tax expense                                                               176,891         153,395


   (c) Tax losses
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                         $000             $000

      Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized            146,249         177,528


      Potential tax benefit                                                             18,326          23,332

      The unused tax losses were incurred by subsidiaries that are not expected to generate sufficient profits
      in the foreseeable future. For subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the losses can be carried forward
      indefinitely and have no expiry date. For the subsidiary operating in Macau, the losses are subject to an
      expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss arises.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                   103
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               11 Five highest paid individuals
                                                   Of the five highest paid individuals, two (2021: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 42.
                                                   The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2021: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2022               2021
                                                                                                                                          $000               $000

                                                   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              7,419              8,358
                                                   Bonuses                                                                                1,507              1,000
                                                   Retirement scheme contributions                                                          554                510
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                     124                376


                                                                                                                                          9,604            10,244

                                                   The emoluments of the three (2021: three) highest paid individuals are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                                                                    Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                                    Individuals         Individuals

                                                   $2,500,001 – $3,000,000                                                                    1                  1
                                                   $3,000,001 – $3,500,000                                                                    1                  1
                                                   $3,500,001 – $4,000,000                                                                    1                  –
                                                   $4,000,001 – $4,500,000                                                                    –                  1
                                                   $4,500,001 – $5,000,000                                                                    –                  –


                                                                                                                                              3                  3


                                               12 Employee retirement benefits
                                                   The Group participates in two defined contribution retirement schemes, an Occupational Retirement Scheme




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   (“ORSO”) and a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF”), for employees (together the “Schemes”). The assets
                                                   of the Schemes are held separately from those of the Group in funds administered independently of the Group’s
                                                   management.

                                                   Contributions to the ORSO scheme by the Group and the employees are calculated as specified percentages
                                                   of each employee’s basic salary. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s
                                                   contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group. As
                                                   at 30 June 2022, all available forfeited contributions had been utilized by the Group to reduce its contributions
                                                   payable (2021: same).

                                                   The MPF scheme was established under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance in
                                                   December 2000 and the Group’s employees may elect to join the MPF scheme. Both the Group and the
                                                   employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income,
                                                   subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000 (2021: same). Contributions to the scheme vest
                                                   immediately.




104
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




13 Net exchange loss
  The exchange differences charged to the consolidated profit and loss account are included as follows:

                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                          $000              $000

  Other operating expenses, net (note 9)                                                  1,844            3,092
  Finance costs (note 8)                                                                 10,975            1,657


                                                                                         12,819            4,749


14 Earnings per share
  (a) Basic earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

       •    the profit attributable to Company’s shareholders

       •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year and
            excluding shares held for share award scheme (note 36).

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                          Cents            Cents

       Total basic earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders               38.2             39.9


  (b) Diluted earnings per share
       Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
       into account:

       •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
            assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                          Cents            Cents

       Total diluted earnings per share attributable to Company’s shareholders             38.2             39.9




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                      105
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               14 Earnings per share (continued)
                                                   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                        Profit attributable to Company’s shareholders used in calculating
                                                          basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                       423,170           444,621


                                                   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                                                                        Number            Number

                                                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
                                                          denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
                                                          (less shares held for share award scheme)                                1,108,810,921   1,114,587,861
                                                        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
                                                          Effect of awarded shares                                                      126,555           246,177


                                                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
                                                         ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
                                                         diluted earnings per share                                                1,108,937,476   1,114,834,038


                                               15 Dividends
                                                                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                                                                           $000              $000

                                                   Interim dividend, paid, of 14.5 cents (2021: 14.5 cents) per fully paid share        160,650           161,093
                                                   Final dividend, proposed, of 15.5 cents (2021: 15.5 cents) per fully
                                                      paid share                                                                        171,372           172,203




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                        332,022           333,296

                                                   At a meeting held on 2 September 2022, the directors proposed a final dividend of 15.5 cents per fully paid
                                                   share. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements, but will be
                                                   reflected as an appropriation of retained profits for the year ending 30 June 2023.

                                                   The proposed final dividend is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval of these
                                                   financial statements.




106
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




16 Fixed assets
                                                                        Computer,
                                                                             billing
                                                            Network      and office                      Network
                                Leasehold                 and testing    telephone           Other          under
                             improvements     Buildings   equipment     equipment      fixed assets   construction          Total
                                     $000         $000          $000          $000            $000           $000           $000

  At 1 July 2020
  Cost                           264,318      156,357     8,158,013     1,263,397         138,651        198,396      10,179,132
  Accumulated depreciation
    and impairment               (243,948)     (35,045)   (5,994,089)   (1,091,655)      (102,321)         (7,590)    (7,474,648)

  Net book amount                 20,370      121,312     2,163,924       171,742          36,330        190,806       2,704,484

  Year ended 30 June 2021
  Opening net book amount          20,370     121,312     2,163,924       171,742          36,330         190,806      2,704,484
  Exchange differences                253         367              –          186              34                –            840
  Additions                         5,049           –          1,875       95,534          11,942         537,410        651,810
  Reclassifications                      –          –       560,230              –              –        (560,230)              –
  Disposals                            (35)         –        (13,173)          (70)          (786)          (3,499)       (17,563)
  Depreciation (note 9)           (11,738)     (4,347)     (547,244)      (89,258)         (7,122)               –      (659,709)

  Closing net book amount         13,899      117,332     2,165,612       178,134          40,398        164,487       2,679,862

  At 30 June 2021
  Cost                           258,013      157,019     8,482,340     1,152,696         134,762        171,325      10,356,155
  Accumulated depreciation
    and impairment               (244,114)     (39,687)   (6,316,728)    (974,562)        (94,364)         (6,838)    (7,676,293)

  Net book amount                 13,899      117,332     2,165,612       178,134          40,398        164,487       2,679,862

  Year ended 30 June 2022
  Opening net book amount         13,899      117,332     2,165,612       178,134          40,398         164,487      2,679,862
  Exchange differences               (53)         (88)            –           (40)             (5)              –           (186)
  Additions                        3,883            –         2,306        66,221          75,625         560,408        708,443
  Reclassifications                    –            –       539,099             –               –        (539,099)             –
  Disposals                            –            –        (8,922)       (1,478)         (1,129)         (1,033)       (12,562)
  Depreciation (note 9)           (6,726)      (4,358)     (534,752)      (73,185)        (20,324)              –       (639,345)

  Closing net book amount         11,003      112,886     2,163,343       169,652          94,565        184,763       2,736,212




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
  At 30 June 2022
  Cost                           251,883      156,839     8,904,325     1,171,647         201,756        189,133      10,875,583
  Accumulated depreciation
    and impairment              (240,880)      (43,953)   (6,740,982)   (1,001,995)      (107,191)         (4,370)    (8,139,371)

  Net book amount                 11,003      112,886     2,163,343       169,652          94,565        184,763       2,736,212

  At 30 June 2022, buildings with a carrying amount of $67,867,000 (2021: $70,305,000) were pledged as
  security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 32).


                                                                                                                                     107
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               17 Customer acquisition costs
                                                                                                $000

                                                   At 1 July 2020
                                                   Cost                                      195,496
                                                   Accumulated amortization                 (117,790)


                                                   Net book amount                           77,706


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2021
                                                   Opening net book amount                    77,706
                                                   Additions                                  71,289
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                     (72,121)


                                                   Closing net book amount                   76,874


                                                   At 30 June 2021
                                                   Cost                                     169,802
                                                   Accumulated amortization                  (92,928)


                                                   Net book amount                           76,874


                                                   Year ended 30 June 2022
                                                   Opening net book amount                    76,874
                                                   Additions                                  91,107
                                                   Amortization (note 9)                     (80,373)


                                                   Closing net book amount                   87,608




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   At 30 June 2022
                                                   Cost                                     179,157
                                                   Accumulated amortization                 (91,549)


                                                   Net book amount                           87,608




108
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




18 Contract assets
                                           2022                                            2021
                                Current Non-current              Total        Current   Non-current             Total
                                  $000        $000               $000           $000          $000              $000

  Contract assets                88,312         42,747        131,059        117,342         68,571           185,913

  There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of
  customers.


19 Right-of-use assets
  The Group leases various transmission sites, offices, warehouses, retail stores and leased lines. Rental contracts
  are typically made for fixed periods of one to fifteen years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
  and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
  other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
  security for borrowing purposes.

  The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                            $000                $000

  Leasehold land and land use rights                                                      8,413                 9,282
  Transmission sites                                                                    752,312               712,069
  Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 144,158               168,719
  Leased lines                                                                           12,752                14,557


                                                                                        917,635               904,627

  Additions to the right-of-use assets with the corresponding increase in lease liabilities and assets retirement
  obligations during the year ended 30 June 2022 were $667,143,000 (2021: $646,958,000) and $15,036,000
  (2021: $21,702,000) respectively.

  Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account is as follows:

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                            $000                $000

  Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        676                   654




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
  Transmission sites                                                                    561,044               589,121
  Offices, warehouses and retail stores                                                 104,896               118,626
  Leased lines                                                                            2,298                 2,374


                                                                                        668,914               710,775




                                                                                                                         109
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               20 Subsidiaries
                                                   Particulars of the principal subsidiaries at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

                                                                           Place of             Principal activities and                    Particulars of
                                                   Name                    incorporation        place of operation                          issued share capital           Group equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                              2022           2021

                                                   SmarTone (BVI)          The British Virgin   Investment holding in BVI                   1,000 ordinary shares of         100%          100%
                                                     Limited *                Islands (“BVI”)                                                  US$1 each
                                                                                                                                            US$1,000

                                                   SmarTone Mobile         Hong Kong            Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000,000 ordinary shares      100%          100%
                                                     Communications                                handsets and accessories in Hong Kong       of $1 each
                                                     Limited                                                                                $100,000,000

                                                   SmarTone                Hong Kong            Provision of wireless fixed services in     2 ordinary shares of $1 each      100%         100%
                                                     Communications                                Hong Kong                                $2
                                                     Limited

                                                   SmarTone Finance        BVI                  Issuance of guaranteed notes in             1 ordinary share of US$1          100%         100%
                                                     Limited                                        Hong Kong                                  each
                                                                                                                                            US$1

                                                   Birdie Mobile Limited   Hong Kong            Provision of local and international        2 ordinary shares of $1 each      100%         100%
                                                                                                   telecommunications services and mobile   $2
                                                                                                   services and sales of accessories in
                                                                                                   Hong Kong

                                                   SmarTone-               Macau                Provision of mobile services and sales of   100,000 shares of MOP100          100%          72%
                                                     Comunicações                                  handsets and accessories in Macau           each
                                                     Móveis, S.A.                                                                           MOP10,000,000

                                                                           The People’s         Provision of customer support services      Registered capital of            100%          100%




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   廣州數碼通客戶服務
                                                    有限公司#                     Republic of          and telemarketing services in Mainland      $27,400,000
                                                                              China                China

                                                   *      Subsidiary held directly by the Company.
                                                   #
                                                          Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.

                                                   All of the above subsidiaries are limited liability companies.




110
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




21 Interest in an associate
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                               $000               $000

  Share of net assets                                                                              3                  3

  During the year ended 30 June 2022, there is no movement of share of net assets of interest in an associate (2021:
  same).

  Particulars of the associate at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

                     Place of          Principal activities and           Particulars of
  Name               incorporation     place of operation                 issued shares held            Interest held
                                                                                                        2022        2021

  New Top Finance    BVI               Investment holding in BVI          375 ordinary shares of       37.5%     37.5%
    Limited                                                                 US$1 each

  The Group has not disclosed the assets, liabilities, and retained profits of the associate as the amounts are
  immaterial to the Group.

  There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associate.


22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
   income
  (a) Classification of financial asset at fair value through other
      comprehensive income
       Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise:

       •    Equity investments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
            at initial recognition to recognize in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group
            considers this classification to be more relevant.


  (b) Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
      income
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                               $000               $000




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
       Non-current asset
       Unlisted investment                                                                  16,194              16,755

       On disposal of this equity investment, any related balance within the fair value through other comprehensive
       income reserve will be reclassified to retained earnings.




                                                                                                                           111
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               22 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                  income (continued)
                                                   (c) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
                                                        During the year, the following (loss)/gain was recognized in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                                                                                                 $000           $000

                                                        (Loss)/gain recognized in other comprehensive income                                      (561)        12,404


                                                   (d) Fair value and risk exposure
                                                        The Group holds investment in a fund that primarily invests in traded shares, and is denominated in US
                                                        dollars.

                                                        The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
                                                        asset value per unit of the respective fund as determined by the manager of the relevant fund.

                                                        Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in note 4(c).

                                                        For an analysis of the sensitivity of the asset to price risk refer to note 4(a)(i).


                                               23 Financial assets at amortized cost
                                                   Financial assets at amortized cost include the following:

                                                                                             2022                                                 2021
                                                                                  Current Non-current                 Total         Current    Non-current      Total
                                                                                    $000        $000                  $000            $000           $000       $000

                                                   Listed investments               65,053        357,703          422,756           64,641       422,825     487,466
                                                   Less: expected credit




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                           loss allowance          (10,270)        (20,730)        (31,000)                –              –         –


                                                                                    54,783        336,973          391,756           64,641       422,825     487,466

                                                   The fair values of the financial assets at amortized cost are based on quoted market prices.

                                                                                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                                                                                                 $000           $000

                                                   Fair values of financial assets at amortized cost                                           222,036        482,521

                                                   The financial assets at amortized cost are denominated in US dollars and the investments will be held to maturity.




112
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




24 Intangible assets
                                                                                                  Spectrum
                                                                                             utilization fee
                                                                                                       $000

  At 1 July 2020
  Cost                                                                                          4,498,827
  Accumulated amortization                                                                     (1,626,267)


  Net book amount                                                                               2,872,560


  Year ended 30 June 2021
  Opening net book amount                                                                       2,872,560
  Additions                                                                                       572,528
  Amortization (note 9)                                                                          (325,552)


  Closing net book amount                                                                       3,119,536


  At 30 June 2021
  Cost                                                                                          4,956,837
  Accumulated amortization                                                                     (1,837,301)


  Net book amount                                                                               3,119,536


  Year ended 30 June 2022
  Opening net book amount                                                                       3,119,536
  Additions                                                                                     2,217,034
  Amortization (note 9)                                                                          (431,828)


  Closing net book amount                                                                       4,904,742


  At 30 June 2022
  Cost                                                                                          6,986,541
  Accumulated amortization                                                                     (2,081,799)


  Net book amount                                                                               4,904,742




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
  The Group extended the spectrum utilization period of the 1800 MHz band to 29 September 2036 during the
  year ended 30 June 2022. As a result of the bid of a block 15 MHz spectrum at the 850 MHz band, 40 MHz
  spectrum at the 4.9 GHz band and 10 MHz spectrum at the 700 MHz band, the Group acquired $377 million of
  spectrums during the year ended 30 June 2022. These spectrums have expiry dates ranging from 29 December
  2036 to 29 June 2037.

  The Group extended the spectrum utilization period of the 900 MHz band to 11 January 2036 during the year
  ended 30 June 2021.


                                                                                                               113
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               25 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                           2022                                             2021
                                                                                Current Non-current              Total        Current    Non-current           Total
                                                                                  $000        $000               $000           $000           $000            $000

                                                   Trade receivables            350,627                –      350,627        340,636                –      340,636
                                                   Less: loss allowance          (6,818)               –       (6,818)        (8,459)               –       (8,459)


                                                                                343,809                –      343,809        332,177                –      332,177
                                                   Other receivables             82,402                –       82,402         56,654                –       56,654


                                                                                426,211               –       426,211        388,831              –        388,831
                                                   Deposits                      78,949          60,914       139,863         88,761         61,551        150,312
                                                   Prepayments                  164,802          69,231       234,033        122,570        105,934        228,504


                                                   Total trade and
                                                     other receivables          669,962        130,145        800,107        600,162        167,485        767,647

                                                   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

                                                   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits, trade and other
                                                   receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

                                                   The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
                                                   of invoice (2021: same). An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as
                                                   follows:

                                                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000

                                                   Current to 30 days                                                                    269,957           278,211




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   31 – 60 days                                                                           19,284            15,444
                                                   61 – 90 days                                                                            6,902             6,040
                                                   Over 90 days                                                                           47,666            32,482


                                                                                                                                         343,809           332,177

                                                   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of
                                                   customers.

                                                   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                                                   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $1,284,000 (2021:
                                                   $7,571,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the year ended 30 June 2022.




114
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




25 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   The movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                           $000              $000

   At 1 July                                                                              8,459             6,503
   Impairment loss recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account
     (note 9)                                                                              1,284            7,571
   Amounts written off during the year                                                    (2,925)          (5,615)


   At 30 June                                                                             6,818             8,459

   At 30 June 2022, trade receivables of $6,818,000 (2021: $8,459,000) were impaired and fully provided. The
   individually impaired receivables mainly relate to independent customers that were in financial difficulties. The
   ageing of these receivables is as follows:

                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                           $000              $000

   Past due 31 – 60 days                                                                    432               729
   Past due 61 – 90 days                                                                    899               783
   Past due over 90 days                                                                  5,487             6,947


                                                                                          6,818             8,459

   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                       115
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               26 Deferred income tax
                                                   Deferred income tax for the Group’s temporary differences arising from operations in Hong Kong and overseas
                                                   is calculated at 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) and the appropriate current tax rates ruling in the relevant countries
                                                   respectively.

                                                   The movement in deferred income tax (assets)/liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
                                                   offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


                                                   (a) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                                                  Spectrum       Decelerated
                                                                                             utilization fee     depreciation
                                                                                                      assets       allowance        Tax losses             Total
                                                                                                       $000             $000             $000              $000

                                                        At 1 July 2020                               6,405             4,141                 –           10,546
                                                        Recognized in the consolidated
                                                          profit and loss account                   (5,510)           (1,814)           3,258             (4,066)


                                                        At 30 June 2021                                895             2,327            3,258             6,480


                                                        At 1 July 2021                                 895             2,327            3,258             6,480
                                                        Recognized in the consolidated
                                                          profit and loss account                     (895)           (2,245)           4,128               988


                                                        At 30 June 2022                                   –               82            7,386             7,468


                                                   (b) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                                                                                     Accelerated
                                                                                                                                                    depreciation




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                      allowance
                                                                                                                                                           $000

                                                        At 1 July 2020                                                                                  119,985
                                                        Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                           (7,297)


                                                        At 30 June 2021                                                                                 112,688


                                                        At 1 July 2021                                                                                  112,688
                                                        Recognized in the consolidated profit and loss account                                            4,119


                                                        At 30 June 2022                                                                                 116,807




116
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




26 Deferred income tax (continued)
   Deferred income tax assets in the consolidated balance sheet comprise decelerated depreciation allowance and
   tax losses of $7,468,000 (2021: $5,585,000).

   Deferred income tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet comprise spectrum utilization fee assets and
   accelerated deprecation allowance of $116,807,000 (2021: $111,793,000).

   Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realization of the
   related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has not recognized deferred income
   tax assets of $18,326,000 (2021: $23,332,000) in respect of tax losses of $146,249,000 (2021: $177,528,000).
   Under the current tax legislation, unrecognized tax losses of $128,991,000 (2021: $132,446,000) related to the
   subsidiary operating in Macau are subject to an expiry period of three years from the year in which the tax loss
   arises. The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.


27 Inventories
                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                          $000              $000

   Handsets and accessories, at cost                                                    82,648            51,593
   Others, at cost                                                                      22,036            18,945
   Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories                             (4,648)          (13,115)


                                                                                      100,036             57,423

   The Group recognized reversal of impairment loss of $5,103,000 (2021: impairment loss of $459,000) for slow-
   moving and obsolete inventories during the year ended 30 June 2022. The amount has been included in “cost of
   inventories sold” in the consolidated profit and loss account.


28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                          $000              $000

   Cash at bank and in hand                                                            44,024            902,301
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturities of 3 months or less              341,443          1,192,583


   Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated cash flow statement                     385,467          2,094,884
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturities more than 3 months             1,755,049                  –




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
                                                                                    2,140,516          2,094,884


   Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  2,138,767          2,092,899

   There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to bank balances, as the Group has placed deposits with a
   number of banks.




                                                                                                                      117
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               28 Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                                                   (continued)
                                                   Short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                                                         $000              $000

                                                   Hong Kong dollars                                                                 2,132,028       2,008,430
                                                   US dollars                                                                            2,954          77,872
                                                   Renminbi                                                                              3,046           3,677
                                                   Others                                                                                2,488           4,905


                                                                                                                                     2,140,516       2,094,884


                                               29 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                                                         $000              $000

                                                   Trade payables (a)                                                                 239,453            414,085
                                                   Other payables and accruals (b)                                                    723,543            722,367


                                                                                                                                      962,996        1,136,452

                                                   (a)   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                                                         $000              $000

                                                         Current to 30 days                                                           141,516            251,096
                                                         31 – 60 days                                                                  42,727             56,020




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         61 – 90 days                                                                  12,250             38,657
                                                         Over 90 days                                                                  42,960             68,312


                                                                                                                                      239,453            414,085

                                                         The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars which
                                                         accounted for 68% (2021: 54%).




118
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




29 Trade and other payables (continued)
   (b)   An analysis of other payables and accruals is as follows:

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                           $000               $000

         Accrued expenses                                                               423,543           440,921
         Payables for fixed assets                                                      189,481           172,060
         Receipt in advance                                                              85,917            89,553
         Customer deposits                                                               24,602            19,833


                                                                                        723,543           722,367

   The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.


30 Contract liabilities
                                                2022                                       2021
                                     Current Non-current             Total   Current    Non-current           Total
                                       $000        $000              $000      $000           $000            $000

   Contract liabilities
   – Mobile
      telecommunications
      service contracts              332,394      14,455        346,849      304,111         24,640       328,751

   Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
   balance at the beginning of the year amounting to $304 million, was recognized during the year ended 30 June
   2022 (2021: $281 million).


   (i) Unsatisfied long-term fixed price contracts
                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                           $000               $000

         Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term
           contracts that are partially or fully satisfied                             2,593,505        2,937,898

         Management expects that 68% (2021: 70%) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as
         of 30 June 2022 will be recognized as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 32% (2021:




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
         30%) will be recognized as revenue after the year ending 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                        119
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               31 Lease liabilities
                                                                                             2022                                         2021
                                                                                  Current Non-current           Total        Current   Non-current       Total
                                                                                    $000        $000            $000           $000          $000        $000

                                                   Lease liabilities             576,299          328,522    904,821         546,301       351,465    897,766

                                                   Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                                                                                          $000           $000

                                                   At 1 July                                                                            897,766        962,544
                                                   Additions                                                                            667,143        646,958
                                                   Payments for lease liabilities                                                      (673,946)      (736,820)
                                                   Accretion expenses included in the consolidated profit and loss account
                                                     (note 8)                                                                           13,934         24,337
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                    (76)           747


                                                   At 30 June                                                                          904,821        897,766


                                               32 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                             2022                                         2021
                                                                                  Current Non-current           Total        Current   Non-current       Total
                                                                                    $000        $000            $000           $000          $000        $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                          –         66,000     66,000               –        66,000     66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                   19,128                –      19,128         77,189        37,003     114,192




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)        1,425,684                –   1,425,684              –     1,407,768   1,407,768


                                                   Total bank and other
                                                     borrowings                1,444,812           66,000   1,510,812         77,189     1,510,771   1,587,960

                                                   (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                         US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
                                                         Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will
                                                         rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.




120
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




32 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
   The maturity of non-current bank and other borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                          2022               2021
                                                                                          $000               $000

   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                 2,200          1,444,771
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                10,885              9,159
   Over 5 years                                                                         52,915             56,841


                                                                                        66,000          1,510,771

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
   rates at the year end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using the
   market price are as follows:

                                                   Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                     $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2022
   Secured bank borrowings                               –            66,000                  –            66,000


   Total                                                 –            66,000                  –            66,000

                                                    Level 1           Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                      $000              $000               $000              $000

   At 30 June 2021
   Secured bank borrowings                              –             66,000                  –            66,000
   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –             35,914                  –            35,914
   Guaranteed notes                             1,461,846                  –                  –         1,461,846


   Total                                        1,461,846            101,914                  –         1,563,760

   At 30 June 2022, 96% (2021: 96%) of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in US dollars
   and 4% (2021: 4%) are denominated in Hong Kong dollars.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
   At 30 June 2022, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 16) (2021: same).




                                                                                                                       121
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               33 Spectrum utilization fee liabilities
                                                                                                                                       2022         2021
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   At 1 July                                                                         929,874      455,693
                                                   Additions                                                                       2,217,034      572,528
                                                   Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)       57,809       21,508
                                                   Payment                                                                          (252,682)    (119,855)


                                                   At 30 June                                                                      2,952,035      929,874
                                                   Less: spectrum utilization fee liabilities included under current liabilities    (217,609)    (102,912)


                                                   Non-current portion                                                             2,734,426     826,962

                                                   Analysis of the present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities:

                                                                                                                                       2022         2021
                                                                                                                                       $000         $000

                                                   Minimum annual fees payable
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   219,636     104,881
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 933,503     283,479
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  2,329,764     712,934


                                                                                                                                   3,482,903    1,101,294
                                                   Less: future finance charges                                                     (530,868)    (171,420)


                                                   Present value of spectrum utilization fee liabilities                           2,952,035     929,874


                                                   Comprising:




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                     Within 1 year                                                                   217,609     102,912
                                                     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                 870,436     262,613
                                                     Over 5 years                                                                  1,863,990     564,349


                                                                                                                                   2,952,035     929,874




122
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




34 Asset retirement obligations
                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                          $000             $000

  At 1 July                                                                              67,374          49,938
  Additions                                                                              15,036          21,702
  Accretion expenses included in consolidated profit and loss account (note 8)              502              545
  Utilizations                                                                           (7,202)          (4,811)


  At 30 June                                                                             75,710          67,374

  The provision for assets retirement obligations represents the present value of the estimated future costs of
  dismantling and removing property, plant and equipment when they are no longer used and restoring the sites
  and stores on which they are located.

  The Group has been investing in the transmission and distribution network to supply mobile services to customers
  in Hong Kong and Macau. As the Group expects that transmission sites being used for the transmission and
  distribution network will continue to be used to supply mobile services to its customers, the Group currently
  considers it remote that the transmission and distribution network in railways and various tunnels would be
  removed from existing transmission sites. Therefore in accordance with applicable accounting standards, asset
  retirement obligations for these assets have not been recognized by the Group.


35 Share capital
                                                                                       Shares of
                                                                     Notes            $0.1 each            $000

  Authorized
  At 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022                                                2,000,000,000         200,000


  Issued and fully paid
  At 1 July 2020                                                                  1,122,275,101         112,227
  Repurchase of shares                                                 (a)          (11,286,500)         (1,128)


  At 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021                                                 1,110,988,601         111,099
  Repurchase of shares                                                 (a)           (5,196,500)           (520)


  At 30 June 2022                                                                 1,105,792,101         110,579




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22




                                                                                                                     123
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               35 Share capital (continued)
                                                   (a)   During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled 5,196,500 shares on the
                                                         SEHK. The Company repurchased 168,000 shares in June 2022 to be cancelled after 30 June 2022. The
                                                         total amount paid to acquire the 5,196,500 cancelled shares and the 168,000 repurchased shares of
                                                         $22,360,000 was deducted from equity attributable to shareholders.

                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                 shares
                                                                                           repurchased             Price per share               Aggregate
                                                         Month of repurchase              and cancelled           Highest          Lowest         price paid
                                                                                                                                                       $000

                                                         November 2021                        1,386,500             $4.32            $4.15             5,877
                                                         December 2021                          862,500             $4.15            $4.10             3,558
                                                         February 2022                           75,500             $4.40            $4.38               331
                                                         March 2022                           2,008,500             $4.40            $3.99             8,419
                                                         May 2022                               863,500             $4.06            $4.04             3,495
                                                         June 2022                              168,000             $4.05            $4.03               680


                                                                                              5,364,500                                              22,360

                                                         During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company repurchased and cancelled 11,286,500 shares on the
                                                         SEHK. The total amount paid to acquire these cancelled shares of $47,328,000 was deducted from equity
                                                         attributable to shareholders.

                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                  shares
                                                                                            repurchased            Price per share                Aggregate
                                                         Month of repurchase               and cancelled          Highest            Lowest        price paid
                                                                                                                                                        $000

                                                         September 2020                       3,074,500             $4.22            $4.17           12,915




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         October 2020                         1,367,000             $4.20            $4.17            5,730
                                                         November 2020                        4,425,500             $4.24            $4.15           18,562
                                                         December 2020                        1,241,000             $4.23            $4.13            5,198
                                                         January 2021                         1,178,500             $4.19            $4.15            4,923


                                                                                             11,286,500                                              47,328




124
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




36 Share award scheme and share option scheme
  (a) Share award scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 29 June 2018, the Company
     may grant shares to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group. The details of the
     terms of the share award scheme are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme” in the Report of
     the Directors. Below is a summary of the share award issued.

     (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                    2022              2021

           Number of awarded shares
           Outstanding at 1 July                                               1,409,680         3,424,340
           Vested                                                               (789,570)       (1,552,420)
           Lapsed                                                               (202,305)         (462,240)


           Outstanding at 30 June                                                417,805         1,409,680


     (ii) Shares held for share award scheme
                                                                               Number of
                                                                                  shares              $000

           Opening balance at 1 July 2020                                          32,842               155
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                   1,540,000             6,785
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                            (1,552,420)           (6,842)


           Balance at 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021                                20,422                 98
           Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                    820,000              3,563
           Shares utilized under share award scheme                             (789,570)            (3,435)


           Balance at 30 June 2022                                                50,852               226


  (b) Share option scheme
     Pursuant to the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 2 November 2021, the
     Company may grant options to the participants, including directors and employees of the Group, to
     subscribe for shares of the Company. The details of the terms of the share option scheme are disclosed
     under the section “Share option scheme” in the Report of the Directors.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
     No share options were granted, exercised or lapsed during the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021. No
     share option was outstanding at 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).




                                                                                                                125
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               37 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                     Bank         Guaranteed                Lease
                                                                                                borrowings             notes            liabilities           Total
                                                                                                     $000              $000                 $000              $000

                                                   At 1 July 2020                                  400,485         1,401,819            962,544         2,764,848
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                   (222,783)                –                  –          (222,783)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                        –                 –            646,958           646,958
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                         –                 –           (736,820)         (736,820)
                                                   Finance costs                                     2,490             5,949             24,337            32,776
                                                   Exchange differences                                  –                 –                747               747


                                                   At 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021                 180,192         1,407,768            897,766         2,485,726
                                                   Repayment of bank borrowings                    (96,425)                –                  –           (96,425)
                                                   Additions of lease liabilities                        –                 –            667,143           667,143
                                                   Payment for lease liabilities                         –                 –           (673,946)         (673,946)
                                                   Finance costs                                     1,361            17,916             13,934            33,211
                                                   Exchange differences                                  –                 –                (76)              (76)


                                                   At 30 June 2022                                  85,128         1,425,684            904,821         2,415,633


                                               38 Acquisition of non-controlling interests
                                                   On 4 April 2022, the Group acquired the remaining 28% of the issued shares in SmarTone-Comunicações
                                                   Móveis, S.A. at a consideration of $8.8 million.

                                                   The transactions have been accounted for as equity transactions with the non-controlling interests as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired                                (22,109)                    –
                                                   Consideration paid to non-controlling interests                                       (8,797)                    –


                                                   Excess of consideration paid recognized in retained earnings                         (30,906)                    –

                                                   There were no transactions with non-controlling interests during the year ended 30 June 2021.


                                               39 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                   (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000

                                                        Fixed assets
                                                           Contracted for                                                                78,668             84,520




126
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




39 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
   (b) Contingent liabilities
                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                            $000               $000

        Performance guarantees                                                           751,383         2,388,884
        Financial guarantees                                                              10,387            11,766


                                                                                         761,770         2,400,650


40 Related party transactions
   The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 69.02% of the Company’s shares as at 30
   June 2022. The remaining 30.98% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.90% is held by another subsidiary
   of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a company
   incorporated in Hong Kong.


   (a) During the year, the Group had significant transactions with certain fellow subsidiaries and associates of
        SHKP in the ordinary course of business as set out below. All related party transactions are carried out in
        accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions.

                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                            $000               $000

        Rentals for land and buildings and transmission sites (i)                         22,956             22,427
        Depreciation and accretion expenses for land and buildings and
           transmission sites (i)                                                         96,303           103,503
        Insurance expense (ii)                                                             3,294             3,889
        Mobile coverage services (iii)                                                     7,522            14,787
        Enterprise solutions (iv)                                                         57,176            37,166


        (i)   Leases of land and buildings and transmission sites
              Certain subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP have leased premises to the Group for use as
              offices, retail stores and warehouses and have granted licenses to the Group for the installation of
              base stations, antennae and telephone cables on certain premises owned by them.

              For the year ended 30 June 2022, rental and license fees paid and payable to subsidiaries and associated
              companies of SHKP totalled $22,956,000 (2021: $22,427,000).




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
              For the year ended 30 June 2022, depreciation and accretion expenses totalled $96,303,000 (2021:
              $103,503,000).

        (ii) Insurance services
              Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SHKP, provides general
              insurance services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2022, insurance premiums paid and
              payable were $3,294,000 (2021: $3,889,000).



                                                                                                                         127
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               40 Related party transactions (continued)
                                                   (a) (continued)
                                                        (iii) Mobile coverage services
                                                             The Group provides technical services for the properties owned or managed by certain subsidiaries
                                                             and associated companies of SHKP for enhancement of mobile coverage in the properties. For the
                                                             year ended 30 June 2022, the revenue received or receivable by the Group were $7,522,000 (2021:
                                                             $14,787,000).

                                                        (iv) Enterprise solutions
                                                             The Group provides information and communication technology (“ICT”) solutions to certain
                                                             subsidiaries and associated companies of SHKP covering, among others, business digitalization,
                                                             connectivity and industry-specific solutions. For the year ended 30 June 2022, the revenue received or
                                                             receivable were $57,176,000 (2021: $37,166,000).


                                                   (b) At 30 June 2022, the Group had an interest in an associate, the major shareholder of which is a subsidiary
                                                        of SHKP.


                                                   (c) Key management compensation
                                                        No transaction has been entered with the directors of the Company (being the key management
                                                        personnel) during the year other than the emoluments paid to them (being the key management personnel
                                                        remuneration) as disclosed in Note 42. The compensation paid or payable to key management (including
                                                        directors and senior management) for the year ended 30 June 2021 amounted to $25,923,000.


                                                   (d) The balances set out below with SHKP and its subsidiaries and associated companies (the “SHKP Group”)
                                                        (including buildings and estates managed by the SHKP Group) are included within the relevant balance
                                                        sheet items:


                                                                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                                                                            $000              $000




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        Trade receivables (note 25)                                                       41,469            27,001
                                                        Other receivables (note 25)                                                          476                 –
                                                        Deposits and prepayments (note 25)                                                21,892            21,992
                                                        Trade payables (note 29)                                                           1,390               706
                                                        Other payables and accruals (note 29)                                              5,905             4,081

                                                        The balances are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on similar terms to those offered to unrelated parties.




128
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




41 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                              $000             $000

  Non-current asset
  Investments in subsidiaries                                             8,406,600       8,408,680


  Current assets
  Prepayments                                                                   353             399
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              31,245          35,599
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                     305             299


  Total current assets                                                       31,903          36,297


  Current liabilities
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                             5,561,067       5,211,844
  Other payables and accruals                                                 3,093           2,977
  Current income tax liabilities                                                195              72


  Total current liabilities                                               5,564,355       5,214,893


  Net assets                                                              2,874,148       3,230,084


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                             110,579         111,099
  Reserves (Note (a))                                                     2,763,569       3,118,985


  Total equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders                 2,874,148       3,230,084

  The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 2 September 2022 and was
  signed on its behalf.




  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                          Tam Lok-man, Norman




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
  Director                                         Director




                                                                                                        129
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               41 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
                                                   Note (a): Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                          Company
                                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                                        Capital                 share-based
                                                                                            Share   redemption    Contributed compensation      Retained
                                                                                         premium        reserve       surplus        reserve      profits       Total
                                                                                            $000          $000           $000          $000        $000         $000

                                                   1 July 2020                          1,627,190       15,818       740,186         18,339    1,089,172    3,490,705
                                                   Comprehensive income
                                                   Profit for the year                         –             –              –             –        1,209        1,209
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Share-based payments                         –            –             –          8,461            –        8,461
                                                   Lapse of share option                        –            –             –         (7,530)       7,530            –
                                                   Lapse of share award                         –            –             –         (2,169)       2,169            –
                                                   Vesting of share award                       –            –         6,842        (11,059)       4,217            –
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))            –        1,128             –              –      (47,328)     (46,200)
                                                   Purchase of shares for share award
                                                      scheme                                    –            –         (6,785)            –            –       (6,785)
                                                   Payment of 2020 final dividend               –            –              –             –     (167,312)    (167,312)
                                                   Payment of 2021 interim dividend             –            –              –             –     (161,093)    (161,093)


                                                   At 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021      1,627,190       16,946       740,243          6,042     728,564     3,118,985
                                                   Comprehensive income
                                                   Profit for the year                         –             –              –             –         556          556
                                                   Transactions with owners
                                                   Share-based payments                        –             –             –          2,284            –        2,284
                                                   Lapse of share award                        –             –             –           (976)         976            –
                                                   Vesting of share award                      –             –         3,435         (5,646)       2,211            –
                                                   Repurchase of shares (note 35(a))           –           520             –              –      (22,360)     (21,840)
                                                   Purchase of shares for share award
                                                     scheme                                     –            –         (3,563)            –            –       (3,563)
                                                   Payment of 2021 final dividend               –            –              –             –     (172,203)    (172,203)
                                                   Payment of 2022 interim dividend             –            –              –             –     (160,650)    (160,650)




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   At 30 June 2022                      1,627,190       17,466       740,115          1,704     377,094     2,763,569




130
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




42 Benefits and interests of directors
  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
     Details of directors’ emoluments, on a named basis for the year are as follows:

                                                                                         2022                                                2021
                                                                                             Estimated
                                                      Salaries             Retirement      money value
                                                          and                  scheme          of other   Retirement Share-based
                                          Fees    allowances     Bonuses contributions         benefits      benefits  payments     Total    Total
                                          $000           $000       $000          $000             $000         $000        $000    $000     $000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               162              –          –            –                –            –            –      162      162
     Mr. Tam Lok-man, Norman(1)             90          3,140          –           83               47            –            –    3,360        –
     Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen             144          6,061      1,500          606              135            –           53    8,499    7,057
     Ms. Anna Yip(2)                         –              –          –            –                –            –            –        –    4,318
     Mr. Chan Kai-lung, Patrick(3)           –              –          –            –                –            –            –        –    1,852

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond           180              –          –             –                –           –            –     180      180
     Mr. Cheung Wing-yui                   162              –          –             –                –           –            –     162      162
     Mr. David Norman Prince               144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas               144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. John Anthony Miller               144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric, JP*           288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Ng Leung-sing, JP*                288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric*               288              –          –             –                –           –            –     288      288
     Mrs. Ip Yeung See-ming, Christine*    144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lam Kwok-fung, Kenny*             144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144      144
     Mr. Lee Yau-tat, Samuel*              144              –          –             –                –           –            –     144       33
     Mr. Peter Kung*(4)                     42              –          –             –                –           –            –      42        –


                                          2,508         9,201      1,500          689              182            –           53   14,133   15,348


     2021                                 2,306         8,961      2,300          747              134          275          625

     *        Independent Non-Executive Director
     (1)
              Appointed on 15 November 2021
     (2)
              Resigned with effect from 17 August 2020
              Retired with effect from 29 August 2020




                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021/22
     (3)

     (4)
              Appointed on 14 March 2022




                                                                                                                                                     131
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               42 Benefits and interests of directors (continued)
                                                   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                                                        During the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021, no director:

                                                        •   received any emoluments from SHKP, the ultimate holding company of the Company, in respect of
                                                            their services to the Group;

                                                        •   waived any right to receive emoluments; or

                                                        •   received any amounts as inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                        In addition to the above emoluments, directors were granted share awards under the Company’s share
                                                        award scheme. The details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the section “Share award scheme”
                                                        in the Report of the Directors and note 36.


                                                   (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
                                                       contracts
                                                        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                                                        Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                                                        indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


                                               43 Ultimate holding company
                                                   The directors consider the ultimate holding company at 30 June 2022 to be Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, a
                                                   company incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on the main board of SEHK.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




132
