ABOUT US


SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (0315.HK), listed in Hong
Kong since 1996 and a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, is a
leading telecommunications provider with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Macau, offering voice, multimedia and mobile broadband services, as well
as fixed fibre broadband services for both consumer and corporate markets.
SmarTone spearheaded 5G development in Hong Kong since May 2020, with the
launch of its territory-wide 5G services.

SmarTone is your smart partner that delivers a trusted and connected experience
through our high-quality network, people-driven products and services combined
with innovation, passion and understanding of customer needs.

SmarTone differentiates our content, excellent customer service, business and
consumer products for all our Hong Kong customers, allowing them to live and
feel smarter everyday. This strong presence is also backed by expert technical
know-how, over 30 stores across Hong Kong, our 5 core brands and our
innovative business strategies arm.
CONTENTS



About Us
Business Highlights                                         2
Chairman’s Statement                                        6
Management Discussion and Analysis                          8
Directors Profile                                          11
Staff Engagement                                           20
Community Engagement                                       22
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          24
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account             25
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   26
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       27
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             29
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      30
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim
Financial Statements                                       32
Other Information                                          48




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                   1
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               Spearhead 5G and Smart City development in Hong Kong

                                               SmarTone provides nearly full 5G coverage in Hong Kong with the widest coverage* both indoors and outdoors,
                                               to bring a faster, stabler and smoother 5G experience. SmarTone 5G continues to launch new applications to bring
                                               infinite possibilities to daily life and business operations by incorporating different cutting-edge technologies.


                                               1. Technology Leadership

                                                   SmarTone launched its world-class 5G service with the city’s widest network coverage* through Dynamic
                                                   Spectrum Sharing (DSS) to spearhead Smart City development in Hong Kong.




                                                   Sun Hung Kai Properties (SHKP) and SmarTone collaborate to launch 5G Smart Malls, optimising in-mall
                                                   shopping experience and strengthening its operational efficiency.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   SmarTone launched the Home 5G Broadband service, the first in the city that gives customers a hassle-
                                                   free home internet experience. This service delivers 5G ultra-fast speed with an incredibly simple plug-and-play
                                                   setup that allows for immediate service without any installation.




    2                                          *   Based on results obtained from SmarTone’s road test conducted on 3 February 2021. The road test covers major roads including expressways,
                                                   trunk roads, tunnels and bridges in Hong Kong. 5G coverage is defined as spot with received 5G radio signal level not weaker than -95dBm. The
                                                   visual shown is for illustrating the coverage of our 5G network. Coverage may not be available in some locations.
                                                                     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2. Empowering Innovation

  SmarTone Solutions injected the latest technology with 5G into end-to-end enterprise solutions to drive
  the digital transformation of enterprises and development of Smart City.




                                                      SmarTransport Safety Monitoring System




              SmartWorks




                                                                        SmartHotel


  SmarTone 5G Lab unleashes the possibilities of 5G applications in business and daily life, to encourage
  cross-industry collaboration and propel Hong Kong’s emergence as a leading innovation hub.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                               3
                                               BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                                               3. Customer-Centric Strategy

                                                   SmarTone was selected as the “Best Preferred Mobile Service Operator for 5G” in an
                                                   independent market survey. 1 Utilising our powerful network, top quality services driven by innovation,
                                                   intelligence and an all-round knowledge of consumer needs, we developed customised services and experiences
                                                   and differentiate each segment for all customers.




                                                   With outstanding customer service and professional teamwork, we were awarded 9 accolades at the
                                                   2020 Service Talent Award organised by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   A premium membership class has been discovering a world of prestige to customers, including birthday
                                                   celebrations, selected offers, priority and privileges, refined experiences as well as flash surprises.




                                               1
                                                   Independent research by Nuance Tree Research Company

    4
                                                             BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



4. Digitalisation

  Full digital brand “Birdie“ continues to partner with major brands in the city, offering promotions
  that benefit our customers to elevate its young brand image and customer loyalty.




 Award-winning website and online store to offer
 a customer-centric experience.




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
                                                        Chatbot continues to improve
                                                        customer experience and enhance
                                                        efficiency.



                                                                                                           5
                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Business review
                                               During the period under review, the business environment remained challenging. Pandemic-related travel restrictions
                                               continued to significantly impact the roaming business, previously a key earnings driver for the Company. Despite
                                               these difficulties, the Company reported a profit attributable to equity holders of $267M, slightly up from $265M
                                               during the same period last year. This was achieved through the implementation of a series of robust measures to
                                               improve revenues, reduce costs and enhance productivity.

                                               Compared to the July to December 2019 period, which was not afflicted by COVID, current period’s local service
                                               revenue was 3% higher against the prior six-month period. There were a number of growth drivers. First, the
                                               Company was able to both retain customers and increase their base-plan ARPU. Second, the launch of 5G has so far
                                               exceeded expectations, with close to 10% of MNO customers already taking up 5G subscriptions. Third, 5G Home
                                               Broadband has begun to ramp up, providing high-speed connectivity at a low cost, to customers who currently suffer
                                               from low-speed or very high service fees.

                                               Over the last 6 months, in a rapid response to the challenge, the Company has launched a number of initiatives
                                               to reduce cost and improve productivity. These include a reduction in service fees (e.g. backhaul, cell-site rental,
                                               shop rentals), a streamlining of the organisation to enhance productivity, and various measures to improve network
                                               efficiency. Most of these initiatives bring recurring savings for the future, and none has a negative impact on network
                                               quality or the level of customer service. These savings have allowed us to redeploy resources to invest in future
                                               revenues streams.

                                               SmarTone’s goal is to direct new investments to provide the best 5G service in Hong Kong with the aim to be among
                                               the world’s best infrastructures. This we are able to do efficiently because of the full support of our network partner
                                               Ericsson. As of today, the Company’s 5G network provides nearly full coverage of Hong Kong and we continue
                                               to extend coverage to more remote areas, including country parks and hiking trails. We are pleased to have been
                                               selected as the “Best Preferred Mobile Service Operator for 5G” by a recent independent market survey.1

                                               The pandemic has opened up the willingness of many companies to adopt technology, and this has boosted
                                               SmarTone’s Enterprise Solution business. Recently, the Company helped Route 3, a major highway in Hong Kong, to
                                               implement the first 5G “SmarTransport” safety monitoring system for the Tai Lam Tunnel. Taking advantage of the
                                               fast uplink of the 5G network, combined with AI analytics, the system allows for instant identification of intruders
                                               or animals within the tunnel area, triggering appropriate alerts and response. This removes the reliance on physical
                                               monitoring and brings added safety to drivers. In addition, in cooperation with Sun Hung Kai Properties, the Company
                                               also launched 5G “Smart Malls” applications in SHKP’s shopping malls. In Phase one, this has included “Smart
                                               Restrooms” that allows customers to know the queuing time (if any) in advance. It also includes smart 5G robots that




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               clean, inspect and trigger alerts if they spot any suspicious items in the mall. These applications have already been
                                               implemented in MOKO and Metroplaza and have achieved satisfactory results. SmarTone will extend the Smart Malls
                                               service to other mall operators and property managers. Enterprise solutions, especially using 5G, will clearly be an
                                               important growth driver going forward.


                                               Dividend
                                               The Board declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share, the same as the interim dividend for 2019/2020. The
                                               Company’s intention is to continue to pay a dividend equivalent to 75% of profit attributable to equity holders on a
                                               full-year basis.




                                               1
                                                    Independent research by Nuance Tree Research Company

    6
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                            (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Outlook
We anticipate the operating environment will continue to be competitive and challenging. It is unlikely that roaming
revenues will fully recover soon and the economic downturn will likely continue to impact customers’ discretionary
spending. However, with the roll-out of vaccination globally, roaming services will eventually come back. There
is already a promising uptake of 5G amongst consumers, and we expect there will be new applications and
opportunities for 5G in business. These developments will open new revenues streams that SmarTone will focus to
capture.

Measured by the speed and depth of the 5G roll-out, Hong Kong probably ranks number three in the world, behind
only China and Korea. Hong Kong is well ahead of Europe, the US and Singapore in 5G roll-out. We believe this is
important for Hong Kong because 5G is the essential infrastructure for Hong Kong’s drive to become a “smart city”,
and for its further integration with the Greater Bay. SmarTone is proud to play its part in building Hong Kong’s digital
infrastructure and helping Hong Kong to be a leading 5G-enabled city by investing in a world-class 5G network for
Hong Kong. SmarTone is committed to further enhancing our 5G infrastructure, and bringing the best network to our
customers.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continuing
support, and to my fellow directors for their guidance. To our staff, I would like to thank them for their commitment
and professionalism as well as their dedication and hardwork during this challenging period.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman

Hong Kong, 23 February 2021




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                              7
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Review of financial results
                                               During the period under review, the Group profit attributable to equity holders increased slightly to $267 million (first
                                               half of 2019/20: $265 million). There was a substantial decline in roaming revenue as a result of travel restrictions
                                               from COVID-19 but it was offset by successful execution of cost reduction and productivity initiatives.

                                               Group service revenue decreased by 10% to $2,172 million (first half of 2019/20: $2,412 million) mainly due to
                                               the significant decrease in roaming revenue. Mobile postpaid ARPU fell 13% to $196 (first half of 2019/20: $225).
                                               Compared with the second half of 2019/20, Group service revenue increased by $4 million or 0.2%, mainly due to an
                                               increase in local service revenue which was partially offset by the decline in roaming revenue.

                                               Group’s handset and accessory sales fell by $772 million or 42% to $1,072 million when compared with $1,845
                                               million for the same period last year, mainly due to a delay in timing of 5G flagship phones launched in the market.
                                               Compared with the second half of 2019/20, Group’s handset and accessory sales increased by $510 million or 91%
                                               due to the availability of 5G flagship phones.

                                               As a result, Group total revenue decreased by 24% to $3,244 million (first half of 2019/20: $4,257 million) mainly
                                               due to lower handset revenue and roaming revenue.

                                               Hong Kong customer number grew 6% year-on-year to 2.8 million. Postpaid churn rate remained at industry low of
                                               0.8% compared to the same period last year.

                                               Cost of inventories sold fell by $815 million or 44% to $1,039 million (first half of 2019/20: $1,854 million), largely in
                                               line with the corresponding decrease in handset and accessory sales with improved margins for handset sales.

                                               Staff costs fell by $131 million or 34% to $250 million (first half of 2019/20: $382 million) as a result of cost reduction
                                               and productivity initiatives.

                                               Cost of services provided and other operating expenses fell by $65 million or 9% to $683 million (first half of
                                               2019/20: $748 million) primarily due to lower roaming costs, lower network maintenance expenses and a reduction in
                                               sales and marketing costs.

                                               Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal fell by $22 million or 2% to $893 million (first half of 2019/20: $915
                                               million) mainly due to decrease in right-of-use assets depreciation driven by rental reduction offset by increase in
                                               amortisation of customer acquisition costs and spectrum utilisation fee amortisation.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Finance income decreased by $21 million or 53% to $19 million (first half of 2019/20: $40 million) mainly due to
                                               lower bank interest rates.

                                               Finance costs decreased by $6 million or 9% to $56 million (first half of 2019/20: $62 million) mainly due to lower
                                               interest expenses on bank borrowings as the Group reduced its outstanding bank borrowings.

                                               Income tax expense amounted to $78 million (first half of 2019/20: $78 million), reflecting an effective tax rate of
                                               22.7% (first half of 2019/20: 23.1%). In light of the uncertainty of the tax deductibility of the spectrum utilisation
                                               fees, certain payments have been treated as non-deductible, which contributes to the Group effective tax rate higher
                                               than 16.5%. The Group will continue to vigorously defend its position and pursue tax deduction of the spectrum
                                               utilisation fees from the Inland Revenue Department.

                                               Group EBITDA slightly decreased by $1 million to $1,273 million (first half of 2019/20: $1,274 million). Group
                                               operating profit was $380 million, increased by 6% (first half of 2019/20: $359 million).



    8
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources
The Group maintained a strong balance sheet for the period under review. During the period, the Group was financed
by share capital, internally generated funds and bank and other borrowings. As at 31 December 2020, the Group
recorded share capital of $111 million, total equity of $5,077 million and total borrowings of $1,649 million.

The Group’s cash resources remained robust with cash and bank balances of $1,765 million as at 31 December 2020
(30 June 2020: $2,251 million).

As at 31 December 2020, the Group had bank and other borrowings of $1,649 million (30 June 2020: $1,802 million)
of which 96% were denominated in United States dollars and were arranged on a fixed rate basis. The Group was
in a net cash position with net cash, including financial assets at amortised cost, amounted to $630 million as at 31
December 2020 (30 June 2020: $604 million).

The Group had net cash generated from operating activities and interest received of $1,191 million and $18 million
respectively during the period ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s major outflows of funds during the period
were payments for purchase of fixed assets, payment for purchase of financial assets at amortised cost, payments for
leases, payment for dividends, mobile licence fees and repayment of bank borrowings.

The directors are of the opinion that the Group can fund its capital expenditures and working capital requirements for
the financial year ending 30 June 2021 with internal cash resources and available banking facilities.


Treasury policy
The Group invests its surplus funds in accordance with a treasury policy approved from time to time by the board of
directors. Surplus funds are placed in bank deposits and invested in financial assets at amortised cost. Bank deposits
and financial assets at amortised cost are predominantly maintained in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars.

The Group is required to arrange for banks to issue performance bonds and letters of credit on its behalf. The Group
may partially or fully collateralise such instruments by bank deposits to lower the issuance costs.


Charges on assets
Certain Hong Kong dollar denominated bank borrowings were secured by certain assets of the Group and the
carrying amount of the pledged assets amounted to $72 million as at 31 December 2020 (30 June 2020: $73 million).


Interest rate exposure
The Group is exposed to interest rate changes that affect bank borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars
which accounted for 4% of the Group’s total borrowings at 31 December 2020. The remaining 96% of the Group’s
borrowings are fixed rates borrowings. Hence, the Group is well protected from any potential increase in interest rates
in the future. The Group does not currently undertake any interest rate hedging.


Functional currency and foreign exchange exposure




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
The functional currency of the Company is the Hong Kong dollar. The Group is exposed to other currency
movements, principally in terms of certain trade receivables, bank deposits, financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income, financial assets at amortised cost, trade payables and bank and other borrowings
denominated in United States dollars. The Group does not currently undertake any foreign exchange hedging.




                                                                                                                             9
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Contingent liabilities
                                               As at 31 December 2020, the Group provided performance and financial guarantees of $2,749 million (30 June 2020:
                                               $3,121 million).


                                               Employees, share award scheme and share option scheme
                                               The Group had 1,865 full-time employees as at 31 December 2020 (30 June 2020: 1,898), with the majority of
                                               them based in Hong Kong. Total staff costs were $250 million for the period ended 31 December 2020 (first half of
                                               2019/20: $382 million).

                                               Employees receive a remuneration package consisting of basic salary, bonus and other benefits. Bonus payments are
                                               discretionary and depend, inter-alia, on both the Group’s performance and the individual employee’s performance.
                                               Benefits include retirement schemes, medical and dental care insurance. Employees are provided with both internal
                                               and external training appropriate to each individual’s requirements.

                                               A share award scheme was adopted by the Group as an incentive arrangement to recognise the contributions
                                               by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the development of the Group. During the
                                               period under review, 80,300 shares were vested and 306,950 shares were lapsed. 3,037,090 shares (30 June 2020:
                                               3,424,340) were outstanding as at 31 December 2020.

                                               The Group has share option scheme under which the Company may grant options to participants, including directors
                                               and employees, to subscribe for shares of the Company. During the period under review, 3,000,000 share options
                                               were lapsed. No share option was outstanding as at 31 December 2020 (30 June 2020: 3,000,000).




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




10
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Raymond Kwok has been with the Group since April 1992 and was appointed Director of the Company in
October 1996. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University, a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business Administration from The Open
University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is the chairman and managing director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). He is also a director
of Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”) and TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”). SHKP, Cellular 8 and
TFS are the substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is also the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is also a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and a member of the
Council of The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Kwok received a fee of HK$180,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Kwok
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


CHEUNG Wing-yui Deputy Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Cheung Wing-yui was appointed Director of the Company in March 2003. Mr. Cheung received a Bachelor of
Commerce degree in accountancy from The University of New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the CPA
Australia. He has been a practising solicitor in Hong Kong since 1979 and is a consultant of the law firm Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo. Mr. Cheung was also admitted as a solicitor in the United Kingdom and as an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore.

Mr. Cheung is a vice chairman and a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a non-executive
director of Tai Sang Land Development Limited, Tianjin Development Holdings Limited and Transport International
Holdings Limited. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-executive director of Hop Hing Group Holdings Limited and
Agile Group Holdings Limited. He is a non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited, which is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Cheung is currently a member of Sponsorship & Development Fund Committee and a court member of The
Open University of Hong Kong and an honorary council member of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited.
He had held the positions of deputy chairman of the council of The Open University of Hong Kong, director of The
Community Chest of Hong Kong, the deputy chairman of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors Limited, a director of
Po Leung Kuk, the vice chairman of the Mainland Legal Affairs Committee of The Law Society of Hong Kong and a
member of the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance).

Mr. Cheung was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) in 2013.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
Mr. Cheung was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from The Open University of
Hong Kong in 2016.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Cheung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr.
Cheung did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                             11
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen Deputy Chairman & Executive Director
                                               Mr. Allen Fung has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He was re-designated
                                               as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 17 August 2020. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate
                                               degree (Modern History) from Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages
                                               from Harvard University. He was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at
                                               Harvard University in 1993 to 1994 and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996 to 1997.
                                               From 1997 to 2013, Mr. Fung worked in McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting
                                               company. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director
                                               of McKinsey globally.

                                               Mr. Fung is an executive director and a member of the executive committee of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited
                                               (“SHKP”), as well as the chief executive officer of the SHKP group’s non-property related portfolio investments. He
                                               is also a director of certain subsidiaries of SHKP. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision
                                               Holdings Ltd., and a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited. Mr. Fung was a non-executive
                                               director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited).

                                               Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the president of
                                               the Hong Kong Society for the Protection of Children, an honorary secretary of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth
                                               Groups, and a council member and an executive committee member of The Hong Kong Management Association. He
                                               is also a council member of Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund, a member of the board of the Asian Youth Orchestra,
                                               and a member of the board of the Hong Kong Philharmonic Society Limited. Mr. Fung is a board member of the
                                               Hong Kong Tourism Board, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee of the Leisure and Cultural Services
                                               Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                                               Mr. Fung is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He was appointed director of certain
                                               subsidiaries of the Company with effect from 17 August 2020.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Fung received a fee of HK$162,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Fung
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




12
                                                                              DIRECTORS PROFILE



CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen Executive Director
Mr. Stephen Chau was appointed Executive Director of the Company in April 2015. He has been with the Company
since 1993. He joined the Company as Head of Operations and was made Chief Technology Officer since 1999.
He has been responsible for the Company’s information and communications technology strategy, roadmap and
deployment; he has also led the Company in a number of commercial initiatives.

Mr. Chau’s leadership has shaped the Company’s technological innovations, impacting all areas of business operations
and establishing sustainable competitive advantages. He is responsible for the Company’s high performance network,
which is widely recognised for its superior voice and data experience. He is the architect of the Company’s advanced
service platform which enables its many proprietary services, offering differentiation in the marketplace and real value
to customers. Mr. Chau also oversees the evolution of the Company’s industry leading customer management and
support systems enabling frontline staff to provide award-winning customer care.

Mr. Chau has held various senior management positions in telecommunications companies. He is a member of The
Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), UK and a Chartered Engineer of the Institute of Electrical Engineers,
UK.

Mr. Chau is a Board Director of the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company
Limited (ASTRI) and a member of its Technology Review Panel. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the
Communications Association of Hong Kong (CAHK).

Mr. Chau is also a member of the Advisory Committee of the Department of Electronic Engineering of The Chinese
University of Hong Kong, the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of Electrical and Electronic
Engineering of The University of Hong Kong and the Departmental Advisory Committee of the Department of
Electronic Engineering of City University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Chau is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Chau received salaries (including allowances, retirement scheme
contributions and estimated money value of other benefits), bonus, share-based payment and director’s fee of
HK$6,664,000, HK$944,000, HK$480,000 and HK$144,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                              13
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               David Norman PRINCE Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. David Prince was appointed Director of the Company in July 2005. Mr. Prince has over 20 years’ experience
                                               of operating at board level in an international environment. Mr. Prince is a member of the Chartered Institute of
                                               Management Accountants (UK) and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (UK). He is a non-executive
                                               director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also a director of Wilson Group Limited and a consultant of Sun Hung Kai
                                               Real Estate Agency Limited, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited.

                                               Mr. Prince is currently a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and the governance and
                                               nomination committee of Adecco SA which is the global leader in human resources services.

                                               Mr. Prince was group finance director of Cable and Wireless plc. until December 2003 and prior to this, spent some
                                               12 years working in the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia. From 1994 to 2000 he
                                               was finance director and latterly deputy chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited until it was
                                               acquired by PCCW in 2000. He went on to join PCCW plc. as group chief financial officer. In 2002, he left PCCW to
                                               join Cable and Wireless as group finance director. Prior to his time in Hong Kong he held senior management roles for
                                               Cable and Wireless. His early career was spent in the gas, oil and electronic industries within Europe and the USA.

                                               Mr. Prince is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Prince received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Prince
                                               did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               SIU Hon-wah, Thomas Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Thomas Siu was appointed Director of the Company in July 2008. Mr. Siu was the managing director of Wilson
                                               Group, which is a major transport infrastructure services provider in Hong Kong and is wholly-owned by Sun Hung
                                               Kai Properties Limited, and is currently a consultant of Wilson Group. Prior to joining Wilson Group, Mr. Siu had more
                                               than 25 years of experience in telecommunications and IT sectors. His experience covers finance, business operations
                                               and development. Mr. Siu is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

                                               Mr. Siu holds a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge and a PhD degree in Information Systems. He is a
                                               Certified Public Accountant and is a member of the British Computer Society.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Siu received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Siu did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




14
                                                                            DIRECTORS PROFILE



John Anthony MILLER Non-Executive Director
Mr. John Anthony Miller, SBS, OBE, was appointed Director of the Company in November 2010.

Mr. Miller is currently an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited, a company 50%-owned by Sun
Hung Kai Properties Limited.

Mr. Miller was previously a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited, The Kowloon Motor
Bus Company (1933) Limited and RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group Limited). He was
also chairman of Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre Limited, a partly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties
Limited.

Mr. Miller retired from the Civil Service in February 2007 as Permanent Representative of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of China to the World Trade Organisation in Geneva. Key positions held over a career spanning
35 years prior to Mr. Miller’s retirement include Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury (2002–
2004), Director of Housing and Chief Executive of the Housing Authority (1996–2002), Director-General of Trade
(1993–1996), Director of Marine (1991–1993), Information Coordinator in the Chief Secretary’s Office (1989–1991)
and Private Secretary to the Governor (1979–1982). Mr. Miller holds an MPA degree from Harvard University and a BA
degree from London University.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Miller received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Miller
did not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.


LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP              Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr. Eric Li, GBS, OBE, JP, LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., FCPA (Practising), FCA, FCPA (Aust.), was appointed
Director of the Company in October 1996. Dr. Li was the senior partner of Li, Tang, Chen & Co., Certified Public
Accountants (“LTC”). Following the merger of LTC with SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited (“SWHK”), Dr. Li has become
honorary chairman of SWHK with effect from 1 January 2020.

Dr. Li is an independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, Transport International Holdings
Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited, Hang Seng Bank Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings)
Company Limited.

Dr. Li was an independent non-executive director of RoadShow Holdings Limited (now known as Bison Finance Group
Limited).

Dr. Li is a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He was
a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of its Public Accounts Committee, a past
president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former convenor-cum-member of the
Financial Reporting Review Panel.

Dr. Li is also chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Dr. Li received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting as the




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Dr. Li did not receive any other emoluments
during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                           15
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               NG Leung-sing, JP              Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Ng Leung-sing was appointed Director of the Company in June 1997. Mr. Ng is chairman of Bank of China (Hong
                                               Kong) Trustees Limited and a director of BOCHK Charitable Foundation. He has been an independent non-executive
                                               director of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited (since March 2013), Hanhua Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (since June
                                               2013) and Grand Brilliance Group Holdings Limited (since 1 March 2018).

                                               Mr. Ng is a Hong Kong Deputy to the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress, P.R.C.

                                               Mr. Ng was a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (until April 2018), vice-chairman of Chiyu
                                               Banking Corporation Limited (until March 2017), independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation Limited (until
                                               May 2017), general manager of the Bank-wide Operation Department of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from
                                               2005 to 2009, and executive director and general manager of The China and South Sea Bank Limited, Hong Kong
                                               from 1990 to 1998. He was also the Chinese Representative of the Sino-British Land Commission and the trustee of
                                               the Hong Kong Government Land Fund from 1988 to 1997, a member of the Corporate Contribution Programme
                                               Organisation Committee of The Community Chest of Hong Kong from 1992 to 1996, a member of the Legislative
                                               Council of Hong Kong from 1996 to 2004 and from 2012 to 2016, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority
                                               from 1996 to 2004, a member of the Court of Lingnan University from 1999 to 2011, a member of the managing
                                               board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation from 2004 to 2007, and a member of the board of management
                                               of the Chinese Permanent Cemeteries from 2009 to 2015.

                                               Mr. Ng was appointed as the Justice of the Peace in 2001, and was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR
                                               government in 2004.

                                               Mr. Ng is also a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee of
                                               the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Ng received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                                               as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Ng did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.


                                               GAN Fock-kin, Eric Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Eric Gan was appointed Director of the Company in December 2005. Mr. Gan is founder and president of eAccess
                                               Ltd., the fourth mobile operator (EMOBILE brand) in Japan which become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank
                                               Corp in 2013. Mr. Gan is currently an executive vice president of Softbank Corp.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Prior to the establishment of eAccess, Mr. Gan worked as a telecom analyst and managing director for Goldman
                                               Sachs Japan when he was involved in many telecommunication financing deals in Japan/Asia, including the listing of
                                               SmarTone, NTT DoCoMo (one of the world’s largest IPOs), NTT equity tranches and many other telecom related IPO
                                               and advisory projects.

                                               Mr. Gan was born in Hong Kong and graduated from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Gan now lives in
                                               Japan (since 1990).

                                               Mr. Gan is also chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Gan received a fee of HK$288,000 including the fee for acting
                                               as member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Except the above fee, Mr. Gan did not receive any other
                                               emoluments during the said financial year.




16
                                                                             DIRECTORS PROFILE



IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine Independent Non-Executive Director
Mrs. Christine Ip was appointed Director of the Company in November 2012. Mrs. Ip joined United Overseas Bank
Limited (“UOB”) in 2011. She is a Managing Director responsible for developing the Bank’s Greater China strategy.
Mrs. Ip was appointed CEO of UOB Hong Kong in 2012 and CEO Greater China in July 2016.

Mrs. Ip is a seasoned banker with more than 30 years of experience in both Consumer and Corporate Banking, and
she has significant experience in China. Prior to joining UOB, Mrs. Ip has held a range of senior management positions
in product and sales management, customer segment management and risk management in Hong Kong, the United
States, Canada, Singapore and China with Australia and New Zealand Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC.

Mrs. Ip’s achievements have brought her the Asia Retail Congress award for “Best International Retail Banker” in
2008.

Mrs. Ip holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts from The University of Hong Kong and a MBA degree from The Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology.

Mrs Ip was appointed as member of the following committees by various HKSAR government departments:

•    Museum Advisory Committee since October 2016
•    Travel Industry Compensation Fund Management Board since October 2017
•    Environment and Conservation Fund Investment Committee since October 2018
•    Council of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts since January 2020

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mrs. Ip received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mrs. Ip did
not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                            17
                                               DIRECTORS PROFILE



                                               LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny Independent Non-Executive Director
                                               Mr. Kenny Lam was appointed Director of the Company in March 2017.

                                               Mr. Lam is currently chief executive officer of Two Sigma Asia Pacific, Limited and head of the Asia Pacific region of
                                               Two Sigma. Mr. Lam is also an independent director of Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

                                               Mr. Lam was group president of Noah Holdings Limited (Listed on the New York Stock Exchange) until March 2019.
                                               Prior to Noah, Mr. Lam was a global partner at McKinsey & Company based in Hong Kong, a co-Leader of the firm’s Asia
                                               Financial Institutions Practice, and head of its Asia Private Banking and Asset Management Practice. Before McKinsey,
                                               Mr. Lam was with American law firm Shearman & Sterling in New York and Hong Kong.

                                               Mr. Lam is a member of the Asia Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Government of Canada (under the
                                               Asia Pacific Foundation), and a member of the Executive Board for Asia of the Wharton School of the University of
                                               Pennsylvania.

                                               Mr. Lam graduated with a MA (Honours) in Law from Oxford University and magna cum laude with a BS in Finance
                                               from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Joseph Wharton Scholar and a Benjamin
                                               Franklin Scholar.

                                               For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Mr. Lam received a fee of HK$144,000. Except the above fee, Mr. Lam did
                                               not receive any other emoluments during the said financial year.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




18
                                                                                          DIRECTORS PROFILE



Notes:

Saved as disclosed in the Directors’ respective biographical details under this section, the Directors (1) have not held any directorships
in other public listed companies, whether in Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; (2) do not hold any other positions
in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (3) do not have any other relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
or controlling shareholders of the Company.

No service contracts have been signed between the Company and the Directors (except Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen) and there is
no fixed term of their service with the Company. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and the Listing Rules. They are entitled to directors’ fees which
are determined by the Board under the authority granted by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fees are subject to annual
assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’ fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

There is an employment contract entered into between Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen, Executive Director, and a subsidiary of the
Company for his serving as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer. As the Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Chau is entitled to a basic
salary which is subject to review by the Board from time to time with reference to his responsibility and performance. He is also
entitled to a discretionary bonus, the computation of which is based on his performance and profitability of the Group. Mr. Chau
has no fixed term of service with the Company for acting as a director of the Company. Mr. Chau’s appointment as a director of
the Company is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meetings in accordance with the Bye-laws of the
Company and the Listing Rules. Mr. Chau is entitled to a director’s fee which is determined by the Board under the authority granted
by shareholders at annual general meetings. The fee is subject to annual assessment based on prevailing market rate of directors’
fees for companies listed in Hong Kong.

The Directors’ interests in shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations, if any, within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance as at 31 December 2020 are disclosed in the “Directors’ and chief executive’s interests” section on
pages 48 to 51 of this Interim Report.




                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                                19
                                               STAFF ENGAGEMENT



                                               Together We Nurture

                                               SmarTone understands that people are the most valuable assets to the company. We communicate with them,
                                               empower them with training and career development opportunities as well as recognise their performance. We also
                                               encourage work-life balance through a variety of activities.



                                               1. Grooming Talents

                                                   Introduce diversified opportunities for people development, including cross-sector exchanges for frontline
                                                   service staff, influencing skills training as well as lunch & learn sessions.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




20
                                                             STAFF ENGAGEMENT



2. Caring For Staff

  Promotes work-life balance to establish a fun and relaxing workplace with festive delights and
  Happy Friday staff engagement activities.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                      21
                                               COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



                                               Empowering Our Future


                                               SmarTone is dedicated to corporate social responsibility and is actively engaged in a wide range of social service
                                               activities to contribute to the community. SmarTone Volunteer Team was also formed to encourage our staff to give
                                               back to the society.


                                               1. Caring For The Community

                                                   Giving care and warmth to those in need in the community where we serve, making our business more
                                                   meaningful, especially during the pandemic.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   “Be a SmarTizen“ is the new initiative of SmarTone to promote digital intelligence. Through the
                                                   “Be a SmarTizen“ Programme, we aspire every citizen in Hong Kong to be a smart netizen.




22
                                                          COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



2. Supporting Charities

  With our valuable assets, staff and powerful network, we rendered full support to charity events in town.




                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                 23
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




                                               TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                                               SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


                                               Introduction
                                               We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 25 to 47, which comprises the condensed
                                               consolidated balance sheet of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
                                               (together, the “Group”) as at 31 December 2020 and the condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the
                                               condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
                                               and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and a summary
                                               of significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to
                                               be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
                                               Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are
                                               responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong Kong
                                               Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim
                                               financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with
                                               our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
                                               liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


                                               Scope of Review
                                               We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
                                               Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
                                               of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
                                               persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
                                               review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
                                               and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
                                               might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Conclusion
                                               Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
                                               of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
                                               Financial Reporting”.




                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               Certified Public Accountants

                                               Hong Kong, 23 February 2021



24
                                                           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                           PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
                                                                    For the six months ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                        Notes             $000             $000

Service revenue and other related service                                            2,172,158        2,411,972
Handset and accessory sales                                                          1,072,155        1,844,634


Revenues                                                                  4           3,244,313       4,256,606
Cost of inventories sold                                                             (1,038,545)     (1,853,515)
Cost of services provided                                                              (200,280)       (224,947)
Staff costs                                                                            (250,462)       (381,561)
Other operating expenses                                                  7            (482,375)       (522,730)
Depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal                           7            (892,636)       (915,026)


Operating profit                                                                       380,015          358,827
Finance income                                                            5             18,789           39,780
Finance costs                                                             6            (56,377)         (61,950)


Profit before income tax                                                  7            342,427          336,657
Income tax expense                                                        8            (77,586)         (77,823)


Profit after income tax                                                                264,841          258,834


Attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                                          266,596          265,467
Non-controlling interests                                                               (1,755)           (6,633)


                                                                                       264,841          258,834


Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders
  of the Company during the period (expressed in cents per share)        10
  Basic                                                                                    23.8            23.7
  Diluted                                                                                  23.8            23.7




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
The above condensed consolidated profit and loss account should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                                       25
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2020
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                             Unaudited six months
                                                                                                                             ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2020              2019
                                                                                                                                $000              $000

                                               Profit for the period                                                          264,841          258,834


                                               Other comprehensive gain/(loss)
                                               Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Currency translation differences                                               2,765          (1,730)
                                               Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:
                                                  Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value through
                                                    other comprehensive income                                                   5,874             233


                                               Other comprehensive gain/(loss) for the period                                    8,639          (1,497)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period                                      273,480          257,337


                                               Total comprehensive income attributable to
                                               Equity holders of the Company                                                  275,235          263,970
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                       (1,755)           (6,633)


                                                                                                                              273,480          257,337




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED


                                               The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                                               accompanying notes.
26
                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                   As at 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2020
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                 Unaudited          Audited
                                                                               31 December          30 June
                                                                                      2020            2020
                                                                     Notes            $000            $000

Non-current assets
Fixed assets                                                           12         2,656,432       2,704,484
Customer acquisition costs                                                           80,453          77,706
Contract assets                                                                      99,923         139,859
Right-of-use assets                                                               1,011,219         945,204
Interest in an associate                                                                  3               3
Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                     10,225           4,351
Financial assets at amortised cost                                                  449,058               –
Intangible assets                                                      13         2,716,422       2,872,560
Deposits and prepayments                                               14           217,382         123,932
Deferred income tax assets                                                            8,649           4,141


Total non-current assets                                                          7,249,766       6,872,240


Current assets
Inventories                                                                         111,154          59,645
Financial assets at amortised cost                                                   65,484         155,560
Contract assets                                                                     156,540         185,974
Trade receivables                                                      14           369,545         360,682
Deposits and prepayments                                               14           207,944         247,602
Other receivables                                                      14            53,007          47,588
Tax reserve certificate                                                             252,362         252,362
Short-term bank deposits                                                                  –         123,316
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,764,598       2,127,409


Total current assets                                                              2,980,634       3,560,138


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                         15           475,989         451,790
Other payables and accruals                                                         671,283         768,923
Contract liabilities                                                                274,771         280,899
Lease liabilities                                                                   593,862         631,004
Current income tax liabilities                                                      423,673         466,185
Bank borrowings                                                        16           115,516         130,885
Customer prepayments and deposits                                                    46,766          58,445
Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                       61,413          85,924




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
Total current liabilities                                                         2,663,273       2,874,055




                                                                                                                   27
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                               As at 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2020
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                                     2020               2020
                                                                                                                    Notes            $000               $000

                                               Non-current liabilities
                                               Customer prepayments and deposits                                                     13,861            8,952
                                               Asset retirement obligations                                                          61,007           49,938
                                               Contract liabilities                                                                  15,634                –
                                               Lease liabilities                                                                    420,379          331,540
                                               Bank and other borrowings                                             16           1,533,800        1,671,419
                                               Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                       331,583          369,769
                                               Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      113,648          113,580


                                               Total non-current liabilities                                                      2,489,912        2,545,198


                                               Net assets                                                                         5,077,215        5,013,125


                                               Capital and reserves
                                               Share capital                                                         17             111,341          112,227
                                               Reserves                                                                           4,987,511        4,920,780


                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                         5,098,852        5,033,007
                                               Non-controlling interests                                                            (21,637)          (19,882)


                                               Total equity                                                                       5,077,215        5,013,125




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED



                                               The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

28
                                                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                 For the six months ended 31 December 2020
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2020             2019
                                                                                       $000             $000

Cash flows from operating activities                                              1,315,950          827,840
  Income tax paid                                                                  (124,556)          (1,190)


Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         1,191,394          826,650


Cash flows from investing activities
  Payment for purchase of fixed assets                                             (534,635)        (374,043)
  Payment for mobile licence fees                                                   (71,441)          (71,219)
  Decrease in short-term deposits                                                   123,316          173,304
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                      155,046            47,001
  Payment for purchase of financial assets at amortised cost                       (506,593)                –
  Other investing activities                                                         17,924            54,474


Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (816,383)        (170,483)


Cash flows from financing activities
  Payment for repurchase of shares                                                  (42,405)          (21,522)
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                          (4,427)                –
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (156,337)          (67,043)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                             (367,060)        (400,993)
  Dividends paid to the Company’s equity holders                                   (167,880)        (229,894)


Net cash outflow from financing activities                                         (738,109)        (719,452)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                          (363,098)         (63,285)

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                                  287            1,845

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                               2,127,409        1,955,987


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                          1,764,598        1,894,547




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
                                                                                                                    29
                                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2020
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                                                                                 Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                                                                                    Capital                         share-based                                                  Non-
                                                                                             Share        Share   Revaluation   redemption       Contributed      compensation       Exchange     Retained                 controlling
                                                                                            capital    premium        reserve       reserve          surplus             reserve       reserve      profits       Total      interests        Total
                                                                                             $000         $000          $000          $000             $000                $000          $000        $000         $000          $000          $000

                                               At 1 July 2019                              112,453    1,632,371        2,662        15,449             (8,296)           18,720        (1,987)   3,285,791    5,057,163       19,486     5,076,649


                                               Comprehensive income
                                               Profit for the period                             –           –             –              –                 –                    –          –     265,467      265,467         (6,633)    258,834
                                               Other comprehensive loss
                                               Fair value gain on financial asset
                                                 at fair value through other
                                                 comprehensive income                            –           –           233              –                 –                    –          –            –          233             –          233
                                               Currency translation differences                  –           –             –              –                 –                    –     (1,730)           –       (1,730)            –       (1,730)


                                               Total comprehensive income for the period
                                                 ended 31 December 2019                          –           –           233              –                 –                    –     (1,730)    265,467      263,970         (6,633)    257,337


                                               Transactions with owners
                                               Share-based payments                              –           –             –             –                 –              6,341             –            –        6,341             –         6,341
                                               Lapse of share award                              –           –             –             –               250               (250)            –            –            –             –             –
                                               Vesting of share award                            –           –             –             –             4,320             (3,874)            –         (446)           –             –             –
                                               Repurchase of shares                           (369)          –             –           369                 –                  –             –      (21,522)     (21,522)            –       (21,522)
                                               Payment of 2019 final dividend                   83       5,401             –             –                 –                  –             –     (235,378)    (229,894)            –     (229,894)


                                               Total transactions with owners                 (286)      5,401             –           369             4,570              2,217             –     (257,346)    (245,075)            –     (245,075)


                                               At 31 December 2019                         112,167    1,637,772        2,895        15,818             (3,726)           20,937        (3,717)   3,293,912    5,076,058       12,853     5,088,911




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




30
                                                                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                     For the six months ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)


                                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                 Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                                     Capital                   share-based                                                    Non-
                                             Share        Share    Revaluation   redemption      Contributed compensation        Exchange     Retained                  controlling
                                            capital    premium         reserve       reserve         surplus       reserve         reserve      profits        Total      interests       Total
                                              $000         $000           $000          $000            $000          $000            $000        $000         $000           $000        $000

At 1 July 2020                              112,227    1,640,986         2,453        15,818             997           18,340       (4,073)   3,246,259    5,033,007       (19,882)   5,013,125


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                             –           –              –             –                –               –            –     266,596      266,596         (1,755)    264,841
Other comprehensive gain
Fair value gain on financial asset
    at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                          –           –          5,874             –                –               –           –             –        5,874             –        5,874
Currency translation differences                  –           –              –             –                –               –       2,765             –        2,765             –        2,765


Total comprehensive income for the period
   ended 31 December 2020                         –           –          5,874             –                –               –       2,765      266,596      275,235         (1,755)    273,480


Transactions with owners
Share-based payments                              –           –              –             –               –            5,322            –            –        5,322             –        5,322
Lapse of share option                             –           –              –             –               –           (7,530)           –        7,530            –             –            –
Lapse of share award                              –           –              –             –               –           (1,494)           –        1,494            –             –            –
Vesting of share award                            –           –              –             –             356             (652)           –          296            –             –            –
Repurchase of shares (note 17(a))              (886)          –              –           886               –                –            –      (42,405)     (42,405)            –      (42,405)
Purchase of shares for
   share award scheme                             –           –              –             –           (4,427)              –            –            –       (4,427)            –       (4,427)
Payment of 2020 final dividend                    –           –              –             –                –               –            –     (167,880)    (167,880)            –     (167,880)


Total transactions with owners                 (886)          –              –           886           (4,071)         (4,354)           –     (200,965)    (209,390)            –     (209,390)


At 31 December 2020                         111,341    1,640,986         8,327        16,704           (3,074)         13,986       (1,308)   3,311,890    5,098,852       (21,637)   5,077,215




                                                                                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      31
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               1 General information
                                                   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
                                                   are principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sale of handsets and accessories
                                                   in Hong Kong and Macau.

                                                   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its head office and principal
                                                   place of business is 31/F, Millennium City 2, 378 Kwun Tong Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong.

                                                   The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”).

                                                   These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (“Interim Financial Statements”) are
                                                   presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These Interim Financial Statements have been approved
                                                   for issue by the board of directors on 23 February 2021.


                                               2 Basis of preparation
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 31 December 2020 have been prepared in
                                                   accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. These Interim
                                                   Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 30
                                                   June 2020, which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).
                                                   These Interim Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the financial asset at
                                                   fair value through other comprehensive income, measured at fair value, and on a going concern basis.

                                                   The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended
                                                   30 June 2020, as described in those annual financial statements except for the adoption of the amendments to
                                                   standards as set out below.


                                                   (a) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                                                        The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual reporting
                                                        commencing 1 July 2020.

                                                        Conceptual Framework for                     Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
                                                          Financial Reporting 2018
                                                        HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)               Definition of Material
                                                        HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                         Definition of a Business




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and                         Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                                                          HKAS 39 (Amendments)
                                                        HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                        COVID-19-related Rent Concessions

                                                        The adoption of the above amendments to standards have no significant impact on these Interim Financial
                                                        Statements.

                                                        Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected
                                                        total annual earnings.




32
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




2 Basis of preparation (continued)
   (b) New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted
      The following new standards and amendments to standards have been issued but are not yet effective for
      the financial year beginning 1 July 2020 and have not been early adopted.

      Annual Improvements Project                    Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle1
      HKAS 1 (Amendments)                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
      HKAS 16 (Amendments)                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use1
      HKAS 37 (Amendments)                           Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract1
      HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework1
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                        its Associate or Joint Venture3
      HKFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts2
      1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
      2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
      3
           The original effective date of 1 January 2016 has been postponed until further announcement.


3 Financial risk management and financial instruments
   (a) Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
      interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

      The Interim Financial Statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures
      required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
      financial statements as at 30 June 2020.

      There have been no changes in any risk management policies since year end.


   (b) Fair value estimation
      This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair
      values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial statements. To provide an indication about
      the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its financial instruments into
      the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath
      the table.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                             33
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               3 Financial risk management and financial instruments (continued)
                                                   (b) Fair value estimation (continued)
                                                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognised at fair value at 31
                                                        December 2020 and 30 June 2020.

                                                                                                       Level 1               Level 2          Level 3              Total
                                                                                                         $000                  $000             $000               $000

                                                        Assets
                                                        Financial asset at fair value
                                                           through other comprehensive
                                                           income

                                                        At 31 December 2020
                                                          (Unaudited)                                        –               10,225                 –            10,225


                                                        At 30 June 2020
                                                          (Audited)                                          –                4,351                 –              4,351

                                                        There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 and no changes in valuation techniques during the
                                                        period.

                                                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives
                                                        and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                                                        market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                                                        included in level 1.

                                                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                                                        the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                                                        market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                                                        value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                                                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                                                        included in level 3.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                        The financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is stated at fair value based on the net
                                                        asset value per unit of the respective funds as determined by the managers of the relevant funds.

                                                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2.




34
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting
  The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
  management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
  resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

  The CODM examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective based on the location in which
  the sale originated. The CODM measures the performance of its segments based on earnings before interest,
  tax, depreciation, amortisation and loss on disposal (“EBITDA”) and operating profit.

  An analysis of the Group’s segment information by geographical segments is set out as follows:


  (a) Segment results
                                                Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2020
                                            Hong Kong          Macau     Elimination   Consolidated
                                                 $000           $000            $000           $000

       External revenue                       3,168,386             75,927                 –       3,244,313
       Inter-segment revenue                     37,446              2,717           (40,163)              –


       Total revenue                          3,205,832             78,644           (40,163)      3,244,313


       Timing of revenue recognition
         At a point in time                   1,070,440             38,561           (36,846)      1,072,155
         Over time                            2,135,392             40,083            (3,317)      2,172,158


                                              3,205,832             78,644           (40,163)      3,244,313


       EBITDA                                 1,275,556             (2,905)                 –      1,272,651
       Depreciation, amortisation
         and loss on disposal                   (890,293)           (2,344)                 1       (892,636)


       Operating profit/(loss)                  385,263             (5,249)                 1        380,015


       Finance income                                                                                 18,789
       Finance costs                                                                                 (56,377)


       Profit before income tax                                                                      342,427




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                    35
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               4 Segment reporting (continued)
                                                   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                              Unaudited six months ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                        Hong Kong            Macau        Elimination  Consolidated
                                                                                             $000             $000              $000          $000

                                                        External revenue                4,110,086         146,520                –       4,256,606
                                                        Inter-segment revenue              95,901           2,841          (98,742)              –


                                                        Total revenue                   4,205,987         149,361          (98,742)      4,256,606


                                                        Timing of revenue recognition
                                                          At a point in time            1,843,658           95,954         (94,978)      1,844,634
                                                          Over time                     2,362,329           53,407          (3,764)      2,411,972


                                                                                        4,205,987         149,361          (98,742)      4,256,606


                                                        EBITDA                          1,274,026             (173)              –       1,273,853
                                                        Depreciation, amortisation
                                                          and loss on disposal            (892,551)        (22,479)              4        (915,026)


                                                        Operating profit/(loss)           381,475          (22,652)              4         358,827


                                                        Finance income                                                                       39,780
                                                        Finance costs                                                                       (61,950)


                                                        Profit before income tax                                                           336,657




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




36
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




4 Segment reporting (continued)
   (b) Segment assets/(liabilities)
                                                                At 31 December 2020 (Unaudited)
                                                 Hong Kong              Macau     Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                      $000                $000           $000               $000

        Segment assets                            9,337,651            106,968           785,781       10,230,400


        Segment liabilities                      (4,495,472)          (120,392)         (537,321)       (5,153,185)

                                                                    At 30 June 2020 (Audited)
                                                 Hong Kong               Macau       Unallocated      Consolidated
                                                      $000                $000             $000              $000

        Segment assets                            9,903,860            112,101           416,417       10,432,378


        Segment liabilities                       (4,719,152)         (120,336)         (579,765)       (5,419,253)

   There are no differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of
   measurement of segment results.


5 Finance income
                                                                                     Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                            $000             $000

   Interest income from listed debt securities                                            10,437             9,522
   Interest income from bank deposits                                                      7,868            28,839
   Accretion income                                                                          484             1,419


                                                                                          18,789            39,780

   Accretion income represents changes in the rental deposits due to passage of time calculated by applying an
   effective interest rate method of allocation to the amount of rental deposits at the beginning of the period.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                           37
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               6 Finance costs
                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                   Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                         33,751             41,905
                                                   Bank charges for credit card instalment                                                    –                618
                                                   Accretion expenses
                                                      Mobile licence fee liabilities                                                      8,744              7,135
                                                      Asset retirement obligations                                                          224                920
                                                      Lease liabilities                                                                  13,450             17,456
                                                   Net exchange loss/(gain) on financing activities (note 9)                                208             (6,084)


                                                                                                                                         56,377             61,950

                                                   Accretion expenses represent changes in the mobile licence fee liabilities, asset retirement obligations and lease
                                                   liabilities due to passage of time calculated by applying an effective interest rate method of allocation to the
                                                   amount of the liabilities at the beginning of the period.


                                               7 Profit before income tax
                                                   Profit before income tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                   Other operating expenses
                                                     – Network costs                                                                    273,669           299,844
                                                     – Short-term and low-value leases                                                   19,105            15,389
                                                     – Impairment loss of trade receivables (note 14)                                     4,877              6,683
                                                     – Net exchange loss/(gain) (note 9)                                                  2,434             (1,598)
                                                     – Others                                                                           182,290           202,412




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                       4,550              4,421
                                                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                                         331,094           342,954
                                                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  365,704           394,811
                                                   Amortisation of mobile licence fees                                                  156,138           142,735
                                                   Amortisation of customer acquisition costs                                            35,150            30,105
                                                   Share-based payments                                                                   5,322              6,341




38
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




8 Income tax expense
                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2020             2019
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Current income tax
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                              68,321             72,890
    Overseas tax                                                                          931                720
  Under-provision in prior years
    Hong Kong profits tax                                                              12,774                535


  Total current income tax expense                                                     82,026             74,145


  Deferred income tax
  (Increase)/decrease in deferred income tax assets                                     (4,508)              249
  Increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                               68             3,429


  Total deferred income tax expense                                                     (4,440)            3,678


  Income tax expense                                                                   77,586             77,823

  Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average annual income tax
  rate expected for the full financial year.


9 Net exchange loss/(gain)
  The exchange differences charged/(credited) to the condensed consolidated profit and loss account are included as
  follows:

                                                                                  Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2020             2019
                                                                                         $000             $000

  Other operating expenses (note 7)                                                      2,434            (1,598)
  Finance costs (note 6)                                                                   208            (6,084)


                                                                                         2,642            (7,682)




                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                         39
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               10 Earnings per share
                                                   (a) Basic earnings per share
                                                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                                                        •    the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                        •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and excluding
                                                             shares held for share award scheme.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of the
                                                          Company                                                                          23.8              23.7


                                                   (b) Diluted earnings per share
                                                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                                                        into account:

                                                        •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                                                             assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

                                                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of
                                                          the Company                                                                      23.8              23.7


                                                   (c) Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                                                                          $000             $000

                                                        Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company used in
                                                          calculating basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share          266,596            265,467




40
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




10 Earnings per share (continued)
   (d) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2020             2019
                                                                                    Number             Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as
        the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share
        (less shares held for share award scheme)                             1,118,446,499      1,121,567,316
      Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
        Effect of awarded shares                                                     119,040            597,188


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
       ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                             1,118,565,539      1,122,164,504


11 Dividends
   (a) In respect of the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2020             2019
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Interim dividend declared of 14.5 cents (2019: 14.5 cents)
         per fully paid share                                                        161,093            162,643

      At a meeting held on 23 February 2021, the directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per fully
      paid share for the year ending 30 June 2021. The interim dividend declared is not reflected as a dividend
      payable in these Interim Financial Statements, but will be reflected as an appropriation of retained profits
      for the year ending 30 June 2021.

      The interim dividend declared is calculated based on the number of shares in issue at the date of approval
      of these Interim Financial Statements.


   (b) Attributable to prior year paid in the period
                                                                                 Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2020             2019




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
                                                                                        $000             $000

      Final dividend of 15 cents (2019: 21 cents) per fully paid share               167,880            235,378




                                                                                                                        41
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               12 Fixed assets
                                                                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                   $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2020                                                      2,704,484
                                                   Additions                                                                                     287,157
                                                   Disposals                                                                                      (4,838)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                              723
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                 (331,094)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2020                                                 2,656,432


                                                   Opening net book amount at 30 June 2019                                                     2,839,714
                                                   Changes in accounting policies                                                                 (10,088)


                                                   Restated opening net book amount at 1 July 2019                                             2,829,626
                                                   Additions                                                                                     149,808
                                                   Disposals                                                                                       (4,808)
                                                   Exchange differences                                                                              (174)
                                                   Depreciation                                                                                 (342,954)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2019                                                 2,631,498

                                                   During the six months ended 31 December 2020, major fixed assets acquired by the Group included network
                                                   and testing equipment, including network under construction amounting to $264,925,000.

                                                   At 31 December 2020, buildings with carrying amount of $71,525,000 (30 June 2020: $72,744,000) were
                                                   pledged as security for bank borrowings of the Group (note 16).


                                               13 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                   Mobile




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                              licence fees
                                                                                                                                                     $000

                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2020                                                      2,872,560
                                                   Amortisation                                                                                 (156,138)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2020                                                 2,716,422


                                                   Opening net book amount at 1 July 2019                                                      2,764,958
                                                   Additions                                                                                     133,033
                                                   Amortisation                                                                                 (142,735)


                                                   Closing net book amount at 31 December 2019                                                 2,755,256

42
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




14 Trade and other receivables
                                         Unaudited                                     Audited
                                     31 December 2020                                30 June 2020
                               Current Non-current              Total        Current Non-current              Total
                                 $000        $000               $000           $000         $000              $000

  Trade receivables            377,726                –      377,726        367,185                –      367,185
  Loss allowance                (8,181)               –       (8,181)        (6,503)               –       (6,503)


                               369,545                –      369,545        360,682                –      360,682
  Other receivables             53,007                –       53,007         47,588                –       47,588


                               422,552              –        422,552        408,270               –       408,270
  Deposits                      85,813         68,318        154,131        100,097          56,887       156,984
  Prepayments                  122,131        149,064        271,195        147,505          67,045       214,550


  Total trade and
    other receivables          630,496        217,382        847,878        655,872        123,932        779,804

  The credit periods granted by the Group to its customers generally range from 15 days to 45 days from the date
  of invoice. An ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of provision, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                         2020                2020
                                                                                         $000                $000

  Current to 30 days                                                                    328,526           296,730
  31 – 60 days                                                                           13,180            20,578
  61 – 90 days                                                                            5,679             5,479
  Over 90 days                                                                           22,160            37,895


                                                                                        369,545           360,682

  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
  expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. This resulted in a loss of $4,877,000 (2019:
  $6,683,000) for the impairment of its trade receivables during the six months ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                           43
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               15 Trade payables
                                                   An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                                                   31 December          30 June
                                                                                                                                          2020            2020
                                                                                                                                          $000            $000

                                                   Current to 30 days                                                                    344,250       133,442
                                                   31 – 60 days                                                                           67,637       118,872
                                                   61 – 90 days                                                                           20,345        86,998
                                                   Over 90 days                                                                           43,757       112,478


                                                                                                                                         475,989       451,790


                                               16 Bank and other borrowings
                                                                                          Unaudited                                      Audited
                                                                                      31 December 2020                                 30 June 2020
                                                                                Current Non-current              Total         Current Non-current        Total
                                                                                  $000        $000               $000            $000         $000        $000

                                                   Secured bank
                                                     borrowings                        –        66,000         66,000                –       66,000     66,000
                                                   Unsecured bank
                                                     borrowings                 115,516         64,012        179,528          130,885      203,600     334,485
                                                   Guaranteed notes (a)               –      1,403,788      1,403,788                –    1,401,819   1,401,819


                                                   Total bank and
                                                     other borrowings           115,516      1,533,800      1,649,316          130,885    1,671,419   1,802,304

                                                   (a)   On 8 April 2013, SmarTone Finance Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                                                         US$200 million, 3.875% guaranteed notes due April 2023, which are listed on The Stock Exchange of
                                                         Hong Kong Limited. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and will




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.




44
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




16 Bank and other borrowings (continued)
   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings included under current liabilities approximate their fair
   values, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair values of the bank borrowings included under
   non-current liabilities as estimated by discounting their future cash flows at the prevailing market borrowing
   rates at the period end date for similar borrowings and the fair values of guaranteed notes as calculated using
   the market price are as follows:

                                                  Level 1           Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                    $000              $000              $000              $000

   At 31 December 2020
   Secured bank borrowings                              –            66,000                  –           66,000
   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –            62,052                  –           62,052
   Guaranteed notes                             1,471,893                 –                  –        1,471,893


   Total                                        1,471,893          128,052                   –        1,599,945

                                                   Level 1           Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                     $000              $000              $000              $000

   At 30 June 2020
   Secured bank borrowings                              –           66,000                   –           66,000
   Unsecured bank borrowings                            –          199,932                   –          199,932
   Guaranteed notes                             1,477,389                –                   –        1,477,389


   Total                                        1,477,389          265,932                   –        1,743,321

   At 31 December 2020, secured bank borrowings are secured by certain buildings of the Group (note 12) (30
   June 2020: same).


17 Share capital
                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                     Shares of
                                                                                    $0.1 each              $000

   Authorised
   At 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2020                                         2,000,000,000           200,000


   Issued and fully paid
   At 1 July 2020                                                               1,122,275,101           112,227
   Repurchase of shares (a)                                                        (8,867,000)             (886)




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
   At 31 December 2020                                                          1,113,408,101           111,341

   (a)     During the six months ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased and cancelled 8,867,000
           shares on the SEHK. The Company repurchased 1,241,000 shares in December 2020 to be cancelled after
           31 December 2020. The total amount paid to acquire the 8,867,000 cancelled shares and the 1,241,000
           repurchased shares of $42,405,000 was deducted from equity attributable to equity holders.
                                                                                                                        45
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               18 Share option scheme and share award scheme
                                                   (a) Share option scheme
                                                        (i)   Movements in share options
                                                                                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                                                                                      Average
                                                                                                                                 exercise price         Numbers of
                                                                                                                                     per share        share options

                                                              At 1 July 2020                                                           $14.28            3,000,000
                                                              Cancelled or lapsed                                                      $14.28           (3,000,000)


                                                              At 31 December 2020                                                            –                   –

                                                              At 31 December 2020, no share option was outstanding (2019: 3,000,000).

                                                        (ii) Terms of unexpired and unexercised share options at balance sheet date
                                                                                                                                    Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                                                  31 December              30 June
                                                                                                                                         2020                 2020
                                                                                                                   Exercise price   Number of           Number of
                                                              Date of grant         Exercise period                    per share share options        share options

                                                              25 July 2016          25 July 2017 to 24 July 2021        $14.28                    –     3,000,000


                                                        (iii) Details of share options exercised
                                                              No share option was exercised during the six months ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


                                                   (b) Share award scheme
                                                        (i)   Movements in share award
                                                                                                                                                        Unaudited




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                              Number of awarded shares
                                                              Outstanding at 1 July 2020                                                                3,424,340
                                                              Vested                                                                                      (80,300)
                                                              Lapsed                                                                                     (306,950)


                                                              Outstanding at 31 December 2020                                                           3,037,090




46
                          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




19 Commitments and contingent liabilities
  (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                     2020               2020
                                                                                     $000               $000

      Fixed assets
         Contracted for                                                             150,150           119,543


  (b) Contingent liabilities
                                                                                Unaudited             Audited
                                                                              31 December             30 June
                                                                                     2020               2020
                                                                                     $000               $000

      Performance guarantees                                                      2,736,701         3,107,181
      Financial guarantees                                                           12,706            13,588


                                                                                  2,749,407         3,120,769


20 Related party transactions
  The Group is controlled by Cellular 8 Holdings Limited, which owns 68.55% of the Company’s shares as at
  31 December 2020. The remaining 31.45% of the shares are widely held, of which 3.87% is held by another
  subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”). The ultimate holding company of the Group is SHKP, a
  company incorporated in Hong Kong.


  (a) During the six months ended 31 December 2020, the Group had transactions with certain fellow
      subsidiaries and associates of SHKP in the ordinary course of business. All related party transactions are
      carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions. These
      transactions are not significant to the Group’s Interim Financial Statements.


  (b) Key management compensation
      Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key
      management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                               Unaudited six months ended
                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                      2020             2019




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
                                                                                      $000             $000

      Salaries, bonuses and other short-term employee benefits                       17,474            21,289
      Share-based payments                                                              924             1,231


                                                                                     18,398            22,520

                                                                                                                      47
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interim dividend
                                               The Directors declared an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the six months ended 31 December 2020 (2019:
                                               14.5 cents). The interim dividend will be paid in cash on or about Thursday, 18 March 2021 to shareholders whose
                                               names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 9 March 2021.


                                               Closure of register of members
                                               The record date for entitlement to the interim dividend is Tuesday, 9 March 2021. For determining the entitlement
                                               to the interim dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Tuesday, 9 March
                                               2021 during which no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfers
                                               accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar in Hong Kong,
                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
                                               Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 8 March 2021.


                                               Directors’ and chief executive’s interests
                                               As at 31 December 2020, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
                                               shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
                                               of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock
                                               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
                                               or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
                                               recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
                                               pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
                                               Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the
                                               Company and the SEHK, were as follows:


                                               1. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                        Number of shares held

                                                                                 Personal                                     Number of
                                                                                 interests                                    underlying                      % of
                                                                                  (held as                                   shares held                    issued
                                                                                beneficial         Other                    under equity                    voting
                                                    Name of Director               owner)       interests           Total    derivatives          Total     shares




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                    Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond             –      5,162,3371       5,162,337               –     5,162,337       0.46

                                                    Fung Yuk-lun, Allen           437,359              –         437,359                –      437,359        0.04

                                                    Chau Kam-kun, Stephen          65,700 2       11,000 3        76,700           80,300 4    157,000        0.01
                                                                                                                                 (Personal
                                                                                                                               interests in
                                                                                                                                 unvested
                                                                                                                             shares under
                                                                                                                              share award
                                                                                                                                  scheme)




48
                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                             (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



  Notes:

  1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
       beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

  2.   These shares of the Company represented the vested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share award
       scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.

  3.   These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of Mr. Chau Kam-kun, Stephen.

  4.   These underlying shares of the Company represented the unvested awarded shares granted under the Company’s share
       award scheme. Details of the scheme are shown in the section entitled “Share award scheme”.


2. Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the associated
   corporations of the Company
  (a) Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)
                                                  Number of shares held

                                           Personal                                      Number of
                                           interests                                     underlying                   % of
                                            (held as                                    shares held                 issued
                                          beneficial         Other                     under equity                 voting
       Name of Director                      owner)       interests          Total      derivatives         Total   shares


       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743    528,346,686 1   528,615,429                –   528,615,429    18.24
                                                            80,000 2

       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                  1,000               –          1,000                –         1,000     0.00

       David Norman Prince                    2,000               –          2,000                –         2,000     0.00

       Siu Hon-wah, Thomas                        –          7,000 3         7,000                –         7,000     0.00

       Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,028 4         4,028                –         4,028     0.00

       Notes:

       1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SHKP by virtue of him being a
             beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

       2.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

       3.    These shares in SHKP were held jointly by Mr. Siu Hon-wah, Thomas and his spouse.

       4.    These shares in SHKP were held by the spouse of Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric.




                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                49
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                   (b) SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)
                                                                                                              Number of shares held

                                                                                                    Personal                                                      Number of
                                                                                                    interests                                                     underlying                                    % of
                                                                                                     (held as                                                    shares held                                  issued
                                                                                                   beneficial                Other                              under equity                                  voting
                                                       Name of Director                               owner)              interests                     Total    derivatives                  Total           shares


                                                       Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                                –          3,485,000 1           3,485,000                     –            3,485,000              0.15

                                                       Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                         4,000,000                         –         4,000,000            4,000,000 2           8,000,000              0.34

                                                       Chau Kam-kun, Stephen                          50,000                         –             50,000                    –              50,000               0.00

                                                       Notes:

                                                       1.    Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares in SUNeVision by virtue of him being a
                                                             beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                       2.    These underlying shares of SUNeVision represented the share options (being regarded for the time being as unlisted
                                                             physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these share
                                                             options are shown below:

                                                                                                                                                                    Number of share options

                                                                                                                                                                                              Cancelled/   Outstanding
                                                                                                                                         Outstanding          Granted       Exercised            Lapsed             at
                                                                                                   Exercise                                 at 1 July       during the     during the         during the   31 December
                                                             Name of Director      Date of grant      price       Exercise period*              2020            period         period             period          2020
                                                                                                          $


                                                             Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   8 March 2016       2.45        8 March 2017 to          4,000,000                –       (4,000,000)               –              –
                                                                                                                    7 March 2021

                                                                                   22 May 2019        6.69         22 May 2020 to          4,000,000                –                –                –      4,000,000
                                                                                                                     21 May 2024




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                             *       The share options of SUNeVision can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the
                                                                     date of grant, up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in
                                                                     part of the grant from the third anniversary of the date of grant.




50
                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION
                                                              (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



     (c) Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond had the following interests in shares of the following
         associated corporations:
                                                                                                              Actual % of
                                                                                        Actual shares          interests in
                                                                                        held through        issued voting
          Name of associated corporation                                                 corporation                shares


          Splendid Kai Limited                                                                    2,500 1             25.00

          Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25 1             25.00

          Tinyau Company Limited                                                                       11             50.00

          Open Step Limited                                                                            81             80.00

          Vivid Synergy Limited                                                           963,536,900 1               20.00

          Note:

          1.   Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of
               certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the
SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK
pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2020/21



                                                                                                                                    51
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Share option scheme
                                               The Company operates a share option scheme, which was adopted on 2 November 2011 and become effective on
                                               8 December 2011 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company granted/may
                                               grant options to participants, including Directors and employees of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the
                                               Company.

                                               Movements of the share options granted to the participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme during the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Number of share options

                                                                                                                                                               Cancelled/    Outstanding
                                                                                                              Outstanding      Granted       Exercised            Lapsed              at
                                                                              Exercise                           at 1 July   during the     during the         during the    31 December
                                               Grantee      Date of grant        price    Exercise period1           2020        period         period             period           2020
                                                                                     $


                                               Director
                                               Anna Yip     25 July 2016         14.28      25 July 2017 to     3,000,000            –               –         (3,000,000)            –-
                                                                                              24 July 2021

                                               Note:

                                               1.    The share options can be exercised up to one-third of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant, up to two-thirds
                                                     of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant from the third anniversary
                                                     of the date of grant.

                                               Other than the share options stated above, no share options had been granted by the Company to other participants
                                               pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, no other share options were granted, exercised,
                                               cancelled or lapsed during the period.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




52
                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                  (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Share award scheme
A share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 29 June 2018 as an incentive
arrangement to recognise the contributions by certain employees and to attract and retain suitable personnel for the
development of the Group. Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, shares of the Company will be acquired
by a trustee at the cost of the Company and be held in trust for selected employees until the end of each vesting
period.

Movements of the awarded shares granted to the selected employees pursuant to the Share Award Scheme during
the six months ended 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                 Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                       Outstanding
                                                            Outstanding     Awarded          Vested         Lapsed              at
                                                               at 1 July   during the     during the     during the    31 December
Awardee            Date of award         Vesting period1           2020        period         period         period           2020


Directors
Anna Yip           29 June 2018           29 June 2019 to        43,600             –              –        (43,600)             –
                                            29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019     31 January 2020 to        84,000             –              –        (84,000)             –
                                         31 January 2022

Chan Kai-lung,     29 June 2018           29 June 2019 to        29,200             –        (29,200)             –              –
  Patrick                                   29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019     31 January 2020 to        51,100             –        (51,100)             –              –
                                         31 January 2022

Chau Kam-kun,      29 June 2018           29 June 2019 to        29,200             –              –              –         29,200
  Stephen                                   29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019     31 January 2020 to        51,100             –              –              –         51,100
                                         31 January 2022

Employees          29 June 2018           29 June 2019 to       563,840             –              –        (30,560)       533,280
                                            29 June 2021

                   31 January 2019     31 January 2020 to     1,023,890             –              –        (55,090)       968,800
                                         31 January 2022

                   28 February 2020   28 February 2021 to     1,548,410             –              –        (93,700)     1,454,710




                                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
                                        28 February 2023

Note:

1.    30% of the awarded shares shall vest on the first and second anniversary date of the date of award and the balance shall vest
      on the third anniversary date of the date of award.



                                                                                                                                         53
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Interests of substantial shareholder
                                               As at 31 December 2020, the interests or short positions of the persons, other than Directors or chief executive of the
                                               Company, in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                               the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
                                               by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                               Long positions in shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                          Total number         % of issued
                                               Name                                                                                           of shares       voting shares


                                               Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”)1                                                    806,362,555               72.42%

                                               HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited (“HSBCCI”)2                                                      806,916,313               72.47%

                                               Notes:

                                               1.   TFS Development Company Limited (“TFS”) and Cellular 8 Holdings Limited (“Cellular 8”, a wholly owned subsidiary of TFS)
                                                    held 43,162,883 shares and 763,199,672 shares in the Company respectively. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, TFS was
                                                    deemed to be interested in the 763,199,672 shares in the Company held by Cellular 8. Accordingly, TFS had interests and
                                                    deemed interests in an aggregate of 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                                    In addition, TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fourseas Investments Limited (“Fourseas”) which in turn is a wholly-owned
                                                    subsidiary of SHKP. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO, SHKP and Fourseas were also deemed to be interested in the above-
                                                    mentioned 806,362,555 shares in the Company.

                                               2.   As HSBCCI is entitled to control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of SHKP, HSBCCI is
                                                    deemed to have interest in the 806,362,555 shares of the Company held indirectly by SHKP for the purpose of Part XV of the
                                                    SFO.

                                               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
                                               Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of
                                               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
                                               the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED




54
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                           (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




Purchase, sale or redemption of shares
During the six months ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased 10,108,000 shares of the Company on
the SEHK. Of these repurchased shares, 8,867,000 shares were cancelled prior to 31 December 2020 and 1,241,000
shares were cancelled subsequently after 31 December 2020. Details of the repurchases were as follows:

                                                 Number of               Price per share
                                                     shares                                             Aggregate
Month of repurchase                            repurchased             Highest             Lowest        price paid
                                                                             $                  $                 $


September 2020                                    3,074,500                4.22              4.17       12,915,000
October 2020                                      1,367,000                4.20              4.17        5,730,000
November 2020                                     4,425,500                4.24              4.15       18,562,000
December 2020                                     1,241,000                4.23              4.13        5,198,000


                                                 10,108,000                                             42,405,000

The Directors considered that the repurchases could lead to an enhancement of the Company’s earnings per share.
Save as disclosed above, and except that the trustee of the share award scheme of the Company, pursuant to the
terms of the rules and trust deed of the scheme, purchased on the SEHK a total of 1,040,000 shares of the Company
at a total consideration of $4,427,000, at no time during the six months ended 31 December 2020 was there any
purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the Company’s shares.


Review of interim results
An Audit Committee has been established by the Company to provide advice and recommendations to the Board.
The chairman of the Committee is Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric (with professional accounting expertise) and the other
members are Mr. Ng Leung-sing and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric. All the members of the Committee are Independent
Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Committee members possess appropriate business or financial expertise
and experience to provide relevant advice and recommendations to the Company.

The Audit Committee held a meeting on 17 February 2021 and reviewed the interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 31 December 2020 as well as the report of the Risk Management Committee and
the report of Internal Audit. The Committee was satisfied that the accounting policies and methods of computation
adopted by the Group are appropriate and in line with the market participants in Hong Kong. The Committee found
no unusual items that were omitted from the financial statements and was satisfied with the disclosures of data and
explanations shown in the financial statements. The Committee was also satisfied with the risk management and
internal control measures adopted by the Group.

The interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2020 have not been audited but have been
reviewed by the Company’s external auditor.

The financial information disclosed in this interim report complies with the disclosure requirements of Appendix 16 of




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2020/21
the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                            55
                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                                               (Financial figures are expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                               Corporate governance
                                               The Company is committed to building and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Throughout the six
                                               months ended 31 December 2020, the Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements set
                                               out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix
                                               14 of the Listing Rules, except for the following deviations:

                                               Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term.
                                               Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not appointed with specific term but they are required to retire from
                                               office by rotation and are subject to re-election by shareholders at annual general meeting once every three years in
                                               accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws. As such, no Director has a term of appointment longer than three years.

                                               Code Provision A.6.7 of the CG Code provides that independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
                                               directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Mr.
                                               David Norman Prince, Non-Executive Director, and Mr. Gan Fock-kin, Eric, Independent Non-Executive Directors,
                                               were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 4 November 2020 due to overseas
                                               commitments or other prior engagements. The remaining eight Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-
                                               Executive Directors (representing 80% of all independent non-executive and non-executive members of the Board at
                                               the time) attended the said meeting in person to listen to the views expressed by the shareholders.

                                               The Board will continue to monitor and review the Company’s corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
                                               with the CG Code.


                                               Compliance with model code for securities transactions by
                                               Directors
                                               The Group adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
                                               Directors’ transactions in the securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiry, each Director had confirmed that
                                               during the six months ended 31 December 2020, they had fully complied with the required standard set out in the
                                               Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance.




                                               By order of the Board
                                               Mak Yau-hing, Alvin




SMARTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                               Company Secretary

                                               Hong Kong, 23 February 2021

                                               As at the date of this report, the Executive Directors of the Company are Mr. FUNG Yuk-lun, Allen (Deputy Chairman)
                                               and Mr. CHAU Kam-kun, Stephen; Non-Executive Directors are Mr. KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman), Mr.
                                               CHEUNG Wing-yui (Deputy Chairman), Mr. David Norman PRINCE, Mr. SIU Hon-wah, Thomas and Mr. John Anthony
                                               MILLER; Independent Non-Executive Directors are Dr. LI Ka-cheung, Eric, JP, Mr. NG Leung sing, JP, Mr. GAN Fock-kin,
                                               Eric, Mrs. IP YEUNG See-ming, Christine and Mr. LAM Kwok-fung, Kenny.




56
