Contents
2

Corporate Information

3

Financial Highlights

4

Corporate Profile

8

Awards

10

Key Financial Information

12

Chairman’s Statement

14

Operations Review

20

Management Discussion and Analysis

24

Group Capital Resources and Liquidity

26

Risk Factors

28

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

37

Information on Directors

46

Information on Senior Management

47

Report of the Directors

60

Corporate Governance Report

79

Independent Auditor’s Report

84

Consolidated Income Statement

85

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

86

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

88

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

89

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

90

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

155

List of Principal Subsidiaries

156

Financial Summary

157

Glossary

160

Information for Shareholders

Corporate Information

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Chairman and Non-executive Director

CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman)

FOK Kin Ning, Canning, BA, DFM, FCA (ANZ)

LAN Hong Tsung, David
WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna

Co-Deputy Chairmen and Non-executive Directors
LUI Dennis Pok Man, BSc

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

WOO Chiu Man, Cliff, BSc

LAN Hong Tsung, David (Chairman)
FOK Kin Ning, Canning

Executive Director
KOO Sing Fai, BSc
Chief Executive Officer
Non-executive Directors
LAI Kai Ming, Dominic, BSc, MBA
(also Alternate to FOK Kin Ning, Canning and
Edith SHIH)

CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry

NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Note)
FOK Kin Ning, Canning (Chairman)
LUI Dennis Pok Man
WOO Chiu Man, Cliff
KOO Sing Fai

Edith SHIH, BSE, MA, MA, EdM, Solicitor, FCIS, FCS(PE)

LAI Kai Ming, Dominic

MA Lai Chee, Gerald, BCom, MA
(Alternate to LAI Kai Ming, Dominic)

Edith SHIH

Independent Non-executive Directors
CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry, BSc, MSc
(also Alternate to WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna)
LAN Hong Tsung, David, GBS, ISO, JP
WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna, PhD, DBE, JP

CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry
LAN Hong Tsung, David
WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna

COMPANY SECRETARY
Edith SHIH, BSE, MA, MA, EdM, Solicitor, FCIS, FCS(PE)

AUDITOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Note:

2

Established on 1 January 2019

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Financial Highlights

2018 (1)
HK$ million

2017
HK$ million

Change

Revenue (2)
Service revenue
Hardware revenue

7,912
3,662
4,250

6,752
3,853
2,899

+17%
-5%
+47%

EBITDA (2)
Service EBITDA (2)
EBIT (2)

1,157
1,108
339

1,267
1,209
398

-9%
-8%
-15%

Profit attributable to shareholders from recurring operations
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries and other items (3)

404
–

222
4,544

+82%
-100%

Profit attributable to shareholders

404

4,766

-92%

Recurring earnings per share (in HK cents) (4)
Earnings per share (in HK cents)
Special interim dividend per share (in HK cents)
Final dividend per share (in HK cents)
Full year dividend per share (in HK cents)

8.38
8.38
80.00
3.20
86.30

4.61
98.90
–
4.55
8.45

+82%
-92%
N/A
-30%
+921%

Notes:
(1)
The Group had changed its accounting policies with effect from 1 January 2018 as a result of adopting IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In previous
reporting years, the incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications service contracts were recognised in the consolidated income statement when incurred.
Under IFRS 15, certain incremental costs are required to be capitalised as an asset when incurred, and amortised over the enforceable contract period. Please refer
to Note 2(c)(ii)-(iii) of this annual report for further details.
(2)
The comparative figures of these items were extracted from recurring operations.
(3)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries and other items in 2017 included disposal gain of the fixed-line business of HK$5,614 million, one-off after tax and non-controlling
interests accelerated depreciation charges of HK$1,391 million for certain 2G and 3G mobile telecommunications fixed assets, and profit after taxation from
discontinued operations of HK$321 million.
(4)
Recurring earnings per share was calculated based on the profit attributable to shareholders from recurring operations of HK$404 million (2017: HK$222 million)
divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares issued.

2018 Annual Report

3

Corporate
Profile and
Awards
The Group is primarily engaged in provision
of advanced mobile services under the 3 brand
in Hong Kong and Macau.

Corporate
Profile
HTHKH continues to invest
in mobile communications
to reinforce its industry
leadership.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings
Limited (HTHKH; stock code: 215) and its subsidiaries
(together referred to as “the Group”) is one of the
leading telecommunications operators in Hong Kong
and Macau, holding more than 30 years’ industry
experience. In October 2017, the Group disposed of
its fixed-line interests to focus on mobile business.
Proceeds from the transaction enable HTHKH to
continue investing in mobile, thereby reinforcing its
industry leadership and ensuring a strong financial
position. HGC Global Communications Limited is a
key supplier of fixed-line services to HTHKH after the
disposal of fixed-line interests. The two entities maintain
a co-operative commercial relationship.
HTHKH is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
and features in various Hang Seng indexes such as
the Composite Index, Composite Industry Index –
Telecommunications, Composite LargeCap & MidCap
Index, Composite MidCap Index, Composite MidCap &
SmallCap Index, Corporate Sustainability Benchmark
Index, SCHK HK Companies Index, SCHK ex-AH Companies
Index, Stock Connect Hong Kong Index and Stock
Connect Hong Kong MidCap & SmallCap Index.

6

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

3 Hong Kong unveils its “3.OneWorld” strategy to redefine mobile communications.

Corporate Profile

3 Hong Kong pursues a customer-centric philosophy.

The Group is primarily engaged in provision of advanced
mobile services in Hong Kong and Macau under the
3 brand. 3 Hong Kong is the only local operator to own
blocks of spectrum across the 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz,
2300 MHz and 2600 MHz bands.
3 Hong Kong provides cutting-edge data, voice and
roaming services, as well as an NB-IoT network that
extends throughout Hong Kong and is ready to carry
commercial applications. The Group draws on a
worldwide ecosystem to build IoT platforms for homes,

The 3LIVE flagship store offers customers a wide variety of telecoms products and
services.

cities and industries, while helping them build their own
IoT applications.
Close ties between 3 entities and the CKHH Group, as
well as relationships with other global carriers, help us
to develop value-for-money roaming packages offering
extensive overseas coverage.
3 Macau provides territory-wide 4G LTE service and is
one of Macau’s largest mobile telecommunications
service providers.

2018 Annual Report

7

Awards
Corporate

Operations

15 Years Plus Caring Company

Asia’s Telecom Excellence Awards - Best Operator of the Year

The Hong Kong Council of Social Service

CMO Asia

9th Asia's Best Employer Brand Awards - Asia's Best
Employer Brand

Award for Excellence in Branding and Marketing
• Award for Brand Excellence in Telecom Services
• Brand Revitalisation Award

Employer Branding Institute, World HRD Congress & Stars of the
Industry Group

Charter on External Lighting: Platinum Award
Environment Bureau

Eco-healthy Workplace Awards Labelling Scheme
World Green Organisation

Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification – Energywi$e
Certificate – Excellence
Environmental Campaign Committee

Indoor Air Quality Certificate: Good Class
Environmental Protection Department

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Green Office Awards Labelling Scheme
World Green Organisation

Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme: Gold Award
Hong Kong Internet Registration Corporation Limited and
Office of the Government Chief Information Officer

8

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

CMO Asia

CAHK STAR Awards
• Innovative Enterprise: Silver Award
• Smart City Award: Bronze Award
• Best Brand Campaign: Certificate of Merit
• Best Mobile Network Operator: Certificate of Merit
• Digital Marketing: Certificate of Merit
Communications Association of Hong Kong

Awards

e-brand Awards (DIGI Category)
• The Best of Mobile Broadband Service
• The Best of Mobile Gaming Telecoms Operator
• The Best of NB-IoT Telecoms Operator
e-zone

Family Top Brand: Quality Life Brand - Mobile
Communications for Families
family.ESDlife

Hong Kong Brand Leadership Awards
• Award for Brand Excellence in Telecom Services Sector
• Brand Revitalisation Award
• Effective use of Marketing Communication Award
CMO Asia

Hong Kong Design Awards – Services – Corporate
• User-centricity for Three.com.hk: Gold Award
Driven x Design

Hong Kong Design Awards – Digital – New Service or
Application
• Disrupt Telcos with MO: Gold Award
Driven x Design

Hong Kong Digital Brand Awards - Outstanding Mobile
Broadband Service
Metro Broadcast and The Chamber of Hong Kong
Computer Industry

Hong Kong Leaders' Choice - Excellent Brand of Mobile
Telecommunications Service
Metro Finance

Metro Awards for Brand Excellence - Excellence in Telecoms
Products and Services
Metro Daily and Metro Prosperity

Metro Awards for Service Excellence - Excellence in Telecoms
Products and Services
Metro Daily and Metro Prosperity

Mob-Ex Awards: My3 App
• Best E-commerce App: Gold Award
• Best User Experience: Gold Award
• Best Reform of App: Silver Award
• Best App - Branded Content: Bronze Award
• Best App - Creative Design: Bronze Award
Marketing Magazine

Stevie Awards - The International Business Awards:
3 Hong Kong’s 3GAMER Campaign
• Marketing Campaign of the Year - Internet / Telecom:
Bronze Award
The Stevies

Stevie Awards - The International Business Awards:
3 Hong Kong’s Fun Sharing Data Campaign
• Branded Utility of the Year: Gold Award
• Small-Budget Marketing Campaign of the Year
(<US$3 million / €5 million): Bronze Award
• Communications or PR Campaign of the Year Marketing - Consumer Services: Bronze Award
• Communications or PR Campaign of the Year New Product Launch: Bronze Award
The Stevies

Stevie Awards - The International Business Awards:
3 Hong Kong Customer Service Team’s Strive to Deliver
Superior Services
• Customer Service Team of the Year: Silver Award
The Stevies

Stevie Awards - The International Business Awards:
3 Hong Kong’s Privileged Customer Services
• Customer Service Department of the Year: Bronze Award
The Stevies

Mob-Ex Awards: Website of 3 Hong Kong
• Most Innovative Mobile Site: Bronze Award
Marketing Magazine

Platinum Brand: Mobile Telecom Service
PC3mag.com and IT Pro magazine

ROI Awards – Products Category – Service Design
(Interaction Design, Experience Design and Service
Process Design)
• 3 Hong Kong's 3GAMER Campaign: Silver Award
• 3 Hong Kong website experience upgrade:
Bronze Award
ROI Festival Organisation Committee

Stevie Awards - The International Business Awards:
3 Hong Kong’s Cross-Month and Auto-Refill Top-Up
Data Services
• Branded Utility of the Year: Bronze Award
• Communications or PR Campaign of the Year Marketing - Consumer Services: Bronze Award
• Communications or PR Campaign of the Year New Product Launch: Bronze Award
The Stevies

The Best of the Greater Bay Area Awards - Excellence in
Telecom Products and Services
Metro Daily and Metro Prosperity

2018 Annual Report

9

Key Financial Information

Service Revenue

Hardware Revenue

(in HK$ millions)

(in HK$ millions)

4,250
3,853

3,662

2,899

2017

2018

2017

Profit Attributable to Shareholders of
the Company from Recurring Operations

EBITDA

(in HK$ millions)

(in HK$ millions)

2018

1,267
1,157

404

222

2017

10

2018

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

2017

2018

Key Financial Information

Mobile Key Performance Indicators
Customer base — Postpaid and Prepaid

3,328K

Postpaid
1,487K

1,499K

2017

2018

1,841K

1,777K

2017

2018

3,276K

Prepaid

2017

2018

Blended Postpaid Gross ARPU

Postpaid Churn

230

2017

219

2018
2017

2018

Blended Postpaid Net ARPU
1.3%

1.3%

197

186

2017

2018

2018 Annual Report

11

Chairman’s Statement

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as
“the Group”) are pleased to announce annual results for 2018. The Group remained resilient in a challenging operating
environment, delivering satisfactory performance and revenue growth, while making progress with digital transformation for
efficiency enhancement. The launch of innovative local and roaming products and services, together with deployment of the
latest information and online platform technologies, enhanced overall customer experience and improved operational efficiency.

Results
Group revenue amounted to HK$7,912 million in 2018, a 17% increase compared with HK$6,752 million in 2017. Demand for
new smartphones remained strong throughout the year with handset revenue growing 47% from HK$2,899 million in 2017 to
HK$4,250 million in 2018.
Net customer service margin remained under pressure, partially compensated by improvements in operational efficiency and
stringent control over spending. EBITDA decreased by 9% to HK$1,157 million in 2018.
EBIT decreased by 15% to HK$339 million in 2018, primarily driven by the same EBITDA factors noted above, together with
additional amortisation of capitalised incremental costs after adoption of the IFRS 15 accounting standard since 1 January 2018.
The decrease was partly offset by lower depreciation expense subsequent to an accelerated depreciation exercise involving
certain 2G and 3G mobile telecommunications fixed assets in 2017.
Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$404 million, a decrease of 92% compared with HK$4,766 million in 2017. Excluding
the gain on disposal of subsidiaries and other items of HK$4,544 million in 2017, with the additional benefits of interest income,
the profit attributable to shareholders increased by 82%, while recurring earnings per share was 8.38 HK cents in 2018 (2017:
4.61 HK cents).
As of 31 December 2018, the total number of customers in Hong Kong and Macau was approximately 3.3 million (2017:
approximately 3.3 million), of which 46% (2017: 45%) was postpaid customers. Monthly churn rate of postpaid customers
remained stable at 1.3% in 2018 (2017: 1.3%) in a fiercely-competitive market. Blended postpaid gross ARPU decreased by 5%
from HK$230 in 2017 to HK$219 in 2018.

Dividends
The Board resolved to declare a one-off special interim dividend of 80.00 HK cents (2017: Nil) per share payable on Friday,
24 May 2019 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company at close of business on
Wednesday, 15 May 2019, being the record date for determining shareholders’ entitlement to the special interim dividend.
Further, the Board recommended payment of a final dividend of 3.20 HK cents (2017: 4.55 HK cents) per share for the year ended
31 December 2018. The proposed final dividend will be payable on Friday, 24 May 2019, following the approval of shareholders
at the Annual General Meeting of the Company, to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the
Company at close of business on Wednesday, 15 May 2019, being the record date for determining shareholders’ entitlement to
the proposed final dividend. Combined with the interim dividend of 3.10 HK cents per share and the special interim dividend of
80.00 HK cents per share, the full year dividend amounts to 86.30 HK cents per share.

12

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Chairman’s Statement

Outlook
The Group acquired spectrum resources in the 900 MHz band and 1800 MHz band in 2018 as part of continued efforts to enhance
network quality and the overall customer experience. Looking ahead, the Group will continue deploying the latest technologies
to further improve spectrum efficiency, while ensuring customers enjoying smooth and reliable mobile service, coinciding with
the ongoing surge in demand for mobile data.
The Group’s digitalisation initiatives have been designed to streamline and automate business operations, processes and
competencies, and they will be progressively deployed in 2019 and remain a priority of the Group over the next few years.
The Group will continue to utilise advanced digital technologies to further enhancing customer experience, while generating
incremental revenues and savings in operation.
Pressure on tariff pricing persists as competition is expected to remain keen. The Group will therefore focus on broadening
revenue base by opening up new digital services and IoT revenue streams. The Group will continue to collaborate with
CKHH Group telecommunications operations in Europe and Asia, as well as with other top-notch telecommunications, internet
and technology partners, in order to enhance its procurement capability and develop innovative roaming packages to generate
sustainable returns for shareholders over the long term.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Board of Directors and all staff members for their dedication,
professionalism and contributions.

FOK Kin Ning, Canning
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 February 2019

2018 Annual Report

13

4

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Operations
Review
3 Hong Kong promotes Hong Kong as a smart city
in preparation for the 5G era and a new digital
internet economy.

Annual Report 2018

5

Operations
Review
The lives of our customers will become increasingly
more digital in the new era of 5G. Eager to capitalise
on this opportunity, 3 Hong Kong is transforming into a
digitally-enabled organisation to improve the overall
customer experience as part of a masterplan to drive
take-up of subscriptions and revenue growth.

Digital Transformation
A digital transformation project has been designed to
streamline and automate internal business processes.
Key areas covered include customer relationship
management, omni-channel and intelligent marketing
campaigns, sophisticated product catalogue and order
management, enterprise business workflows, digital
commerce with convergent billing, comprehensive data
analytics and enhanced security.
This transformational journey will enable 3 Hong Kong
to respond swiftly to market demands for provision of
lifestyle-enhancing services. Advancements in analytics
will provide 3 Hong Kong with real-time, predictive and

actionable insights, enabling the Group to demonstrate
even greater agility when responding to dynamic
customer needs.

Promoting Hong Kong as a Smart City
3 Hong Kong promotes Hong Kong as a smart city in
preparation for the 5G era and a new digital internet
economy. Mobile payment has become a global trend at
a time when 3 Hong Kong is keen to reap the benefits of
FinTech applications and services. In 2018, for example,
3 Hong Kong offered an eWallet payment facility in
collaboration with a global technology and financial
services company. This collaboration now provides a
secure and simple everyday facility that grants customers
hassle-free convenience.
In 2018, 3 Hong Kong entered into strategic co-operation
with a global technology company to develop an
ecosystem that underpins Hong Kong’s new digital
internet economy. The move adds impetus to Hong Kong’s
development as a smart city. 3 Hong Kong’s competitive

A four-phase digital transformation project will transform our business operations and enable 3 Hong Kong to achieve an even greater degree of interaction with customers.

16

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Operations Review

advantage in terms of branding, sales channels and
operational experience – coupled with a vast pool of
big data from a large-scale customer base – will help
produce applications for enterprises of all sizes, as well
as consumer customers.
The cloud platform collaboration with this global
technology company will help enterprises transform
their operations, while creating new business models,
opening up fresh revenue streams and generating more
opportunities. This will also help accelerate Hong Kong’s
journey to smart city status.

Propagating a New Digital Internet
Economy Ecosystem
The IoT concept is crucial to the development of our
industry. And 3 Hong Kong’s NB-IoT network now extends
throughout Hong Kong and is ready for commercialised
applications, following activation in 2017. The Group
draws on a worldwide ecosystem in order to build IoT
platforms for homes, cities and industries. In 2018,
3 Hong Kong joined hands with solution partners to roll
out related NB-IoT solutions for several smart buildings
and construction companies.
3 Hong Kong collaborates with start-ups and other
sources of talent to develop and promote enterprise IoT
solutions with the aim of building an IoT ecosystem. In
fact, 3 Hong Kong launched the 3Innocity programme
with a view to bringing together innovative technology
research companies to accelerate development of
related applications. 3 Hong Kong selected projects with
market potential and provided companies concerned
with network, technology and promotional support. This
arrangement also nurtures start-ups in the development
of innovative loT solutions.
In 2018, 3 Hong Kong hosted the Hong Kong Smart
Enterprise Digital Summit, which was themed “digital
transformation and smart city development”. This saw
executives and industry leaders from commercial sectors
joining forces to exchange ideas and experience in
deploying IoT and big data solutions.

3 Hong Kong supports 3Innocity projects, enabling companies and researchers to
reap the benefits of NB-IoT networking.

Network Excellence
3 Hong Kong is committed to re-farming spectrum
to maximise efficiency. Re-farming of the 2100 MHz
band was completed in 2018 to enhance 4.5G network
capacity and coverage. This helps satisfy ever-increasing
demand for data service. 3 Hong Kong is now the
only local operator to own blocks of spectrum across
the 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and
2600 MHz bands.
The existing 4.5G service run by 3 Hong Kong took a
major step towards the 5G era with official activation
of 5CC (Component Carrier) carrier aggregation (CA)
network technology. This combines spectrum across
3 Hong Kong’s five spectrum bands alongside deployment
of advanced technologies such as 4×4 MIMO (Multi-Input
Multi-Output), Massive MIMO and 256QAM (Quadrature
Amplitude Modulation). Network speed and coverage
were enhanced, plus a boost to spectrum efficiency.

2018 Annual Report

17

Operations Review

In 2018, 3 Hong Kong upgraded existing network
architecture, as the industry moved steadily towards 5G
and the era of IoT. 3 Hong Kong completed 5G outdoor
network trials in the 3.5 GHz and 28 GHz bands and
was the first to make a live outdoor broadcast via a 5G
network in Hong Kong.
Construction of a “telco cloud” began at the end of 2016,
as part of 3 Hong Kong’s core network architecture. This
will enable flexible deployment of network resources and
in accordance with the types of services being utilised
by customers with differing needs. 3 Hong Kong’s “telco
cloud” is highly resilient and capable of providing even
greater network stability.
3 Hong Kong was the first operator to announce
completion of a network to serve the local section of
the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge (HZMB). Our 4.5G
network covers the bridge’s deck and surrounding
facilities, and was ready to provide high-speed mobile
service the moment traffic began to roll. In addition,
3 Hong Kong completed network deployment for local
section of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express
Rail Link.
In 2018, the Group acquired spectrum resources in the 900 MHz
band and 1800 MHz band for a total consideration of
HK$2,040 million. This acquisition represented the Group’s
effort in continuous network infrastructure enhancement,
while ensuring customers continue to enjoy smooth and
stable mobile service, coincide with the surging mobile
data usage and demands.

A Passion for Customer Service
A succession of campaigns and initiatives in 2018
promoted 3 Hong Kong’s premium mobility experience.
The same customer-centric philosophy is exemplified by
the online and digital support we offer. Our My3 mobile

3 Hong Kong is the first to announce completion of a 4.5G network to serve the local
section of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge.

18

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

3 Hong Kong completes successful 5G outdoor trials
in the 3.5 GHz and 28 GHz bands, and conducts Hong
Kong’s first live 5G outdoor broadcast.

application and company website were revamped to
offer more user-friendly features that facilitate a closer
rapport with customers, while simplifying the process of
finding services.

Pioneering Tariff Packages
In order to meet the needs of frequent travellers in
mainland China and Macau, 3 Hong Kong launched
the mainland China-HK-Macau plan to share data
entitlements throughout these areas. The plan also
includes worry-free cross-border use of WhatsApp and
WeChat so customers can stay connected.
In 2018, 3 Hong Kong joined forces with a local FinTech
pioneer to launch the 3Money New Phone and Cash Plan.

Network deployment for the local section of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong
Express Rail Link completes promptly to provide high-speed mobile service the
instant it is needed by travellers.

Operations Review

A 24-hour online application process via mobile handset
enables 3 Hong Kong customers to subscribe to tariff
plans that come complete with designated smartphone
models – but without having to make payment upfront.
At the same time, customers can opt for a cash loan
of up to double the total contract value. The package
introduces a new consumer financing solution by
combining a conventional purchasing experience with an
innovative FinTech facility.

Tailored Roaming Packages
Close ties between 3 entities and CKHH Group, as well
as relationships with other global carriers, are helping
3 Hong Kong to develop value-for-money roaming
packages offering extensive overseas coverage.
Customers can stay connected with friends and family as
if physical boundaries did not exist.

In a move to accommodate travellers, 3 Hong Kong
introduced a variety of roaming packages such as
Roam-in-Command to cover popular destinations.
Customers can now roam hassle-free while in Europe,
Asia Pacific, the USA and Canada. 3 Hong Kong also
launched the 3RoamLite Pass for low-usage travellers
seeking budget mobile data options.
In 2018, 3 Hong Kong launched an in-flight roaming pass
that enables customers to stay online even in air travel.

Macau Developments
3 Macau continues to launch innovative data offerings, as
well as appealing roaming solutions to attract yet more
of the city’s high-value smartphone users. Examples
included tri-city (Macau-HK-China) pool sharing plans.

3 Hong Kong is committed to developing and launching
roaming products and services that meet customer needs
in an ever-changing market. In this regard, the Group
activated an NB-IoT roaming capability to meet demand
created by rising export sales activity among corporate
customers. Devices with NB-IoT chips embedded can be
connected in countries where NB-IoT roaming-enabled
networks are available. This now allows enterprises to
explore business opportunities overseas.

New tariff plans enable data entitlements to be shared throughout mainland China,
Hong Kong and Macau to create a seamless communications experience.

December 2018 saw continued enhancement of 4G LTE
coverage serving all major hotels, casinos, business districts
and other busy locations including the HZMB.
3 Macau is committed to continuous improvement of
customer service and network quality – preparing the
way for subscription growth and higher volumes of local
and roaming traffic in future.

3Money’s “New Phone and Cash Plan” enables customers to get a new
flagship handset and cash loan – all in one go.

2018 Annual Report

19

Management Discussion and Analysis

Financial Summary – Excluding Gain on Disposal of Subsidiaries and Other Items

20

2018
HK$ million

2017
HK$ million

Change

Revenue
Net customer service revenue
– Local service revenue
– Roaming service revenue
Hardware revenue
– Bundled sales revenue
– Standalone handset sales revenue

7,912
3,662
2,980
682
4,250
667
3,583

6,752
3,853
3,176
677
2,899
750
2,149

+17%
-5%
-6%
+1%
+47%
-11%
+67%

Net customer service margin
Net customer service margin %

3,318
91%

3,573
93%

-7%
-2% points

Standalone handset sales margin

49

58

-16%

CACs
Less: Bundled sales revenue

(827)
667

(1,027)
750

+19%
-11%

CACs (net of handset revenue)

(160)

(277)

+42%

Operating expenses and staff costs
Operating expenses and staff costs as a % of
net customer service margin

(2,123)

(2,153)

+1%

64%

60%

-4% points

EBITDA
Service EBITDA
Service EBITDA margin %

1,157
1,108
30%

1,267
1,209
31%

-9%
-8%
-1% point

Depreciation and amortisation

(768)

(822)

+7%

EBIT
Service EBIT

339
290

398
340

-15%
-15%

CAPEX (excluding spectrum licences)
EBITDA less CAPEX

(522)
635

(533)
734

+2%
-13%

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Management Discussion and Analysis

Hardware revenue (HK$ million)
Revenue increased by 17% to HK$7,912 million in 2018.
Hardware revenue increased by 47% to HK$4,250 million in
2018, primarily due to higher demand for new smartphones.
Service revenue decreased by 5% to HK$3,662 million in
2018, mainly the result of intense market competition in
local data tariff pricing which led to a 6% decline in local
service revenue. Roaming revenue improved by 1% to
HK$682 million with the launch of more innovative roaming
data packages in 2018, which led to 24% increase in the
roaming data revenue, substantially offset by the decrease
of roaming voice revenue.

4,250
+47%
2,899

2017

2018

Service revenue (HK$ million)

3,853

-5%

3,662

677

682

3,176

2,980

2017

2018
Roaming service revenue
Local service revenue

Key cost items (HK$ million)
CACs, staff costs and other operating expenses decreased by
3% to HK$2,627 million in 2018, reflecting the favourable
effect on capitalisation of certain incremental costs after
adoption of IFRS 15 accounting standard as well as the
Group’s continued focus on efficiency enhancement and
stringent expenditure control, partially offset by increase in
roaming and other variable costs.

2,710

2017

-3%

2,627

2018

2018 Annual Report

21

Management Discussion and Analysis

Service EBITDA (HK$ million) and
EBITDA margin %
Service EBITDA decreased by 8% to HK$1,108 million in
2018, broadly in line with the lower local service revenue
which resulted from keen market competition in local data
tariff packages. Service EBITDA margin was 30% in 2018,
slightly decreasing by 1% from 2017.

31%

30%
-8%

1,209

1,281
1,108

2017

2018

Service EBITDA

Service EBITDA margin

Depreciation and amortisation excluding the one-off accelerated depreciation charge in 2017 decreased from HK$822 million
in 2017 to HK$768 million in 2018. The change was mainly the result of decrease in depreciation charges after the accelerated
depreciation exercise for certain 2G and 3G mobile telecommunications fixed assets in 2017, partially offset by additional
amortisation charges of capitalised incremental costs of HK$172 million after adoption of the IFRS 15 accounting standard.
EBIT was HK$339 million in 2018, a 15% decrease compared with HK$398 million reported in 2017.

Key Performance Indicators

22

2018

2017

Change

Number of postpaid customers (‘000)
Number of prepaid customers (‘000)

1,499
1,777

1,487
1,841

+1%
-3%

Total customers (‘000)

3,276

3,328

-2%

Postpaid customers to the total customer base (%)
Postpaid customers’ contribution to
the net customer service revenue (%)
Monthly churn rate of postpaid customers (%)

46%

45%

+1% point

90%
1.3%

90%
1.3%

–
–

Postpaid gross ARPU (HK$)
Postpaid net ARPU (HK$)
Postpaid net AMPU (HK$)

219
186
169

230
197
181

-5%
-6%
-7%

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Management Discussion and Analysis

As of 31 December 2018, the total number of customers in Hong Kong and Macau was approximately 3.3 million (2017:
approximately 3.3 million), of which 46% (2017: 45%) was postpaid customers. Monthly churn rate of postpaid customers
remained stable at 1.3% in 2018 (2017: 1.3%) in a fiercely-competitive market. Blended postpaid gross ARPU decreased by 5%
from HK$230 in 2017 to HK$219 in 2018.

Net Interest and Other Finance Costs
Net interest and other finance income amounted to HK$193 million in 2018 compared with expense of HK$60 million in 2017.
The increase in net interest and other finance income was mainly the result of interest income generated from the cash proceeds
subsequent to disposal of the fixed-line business together with savings from interest and other finance costs after repayment
of bank borrowings in early 2018. As of 31 December 2018, the Group recorded a net cash position of HK$9,555 million (2017:
HK$9,817 million), after settlement of transaction costs of the disposal of the fixed-line business and final dividend related to
fixed-line contribution in 2017.

Capital Expenditure
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment in 2018 amounted to HK$522 million (2017: HK$533 million), focusing
on digital transformation project and the long-term investment in quality enhancement and capacity expansion on our advanced
4.5G mobile network. Capital expenditure in 2018 accounted for 14% (2017: 14%) of service revenue.

Capex (HK$ million)

Summary of spectrum investment
as of 31 December 2018

Spectrum band

Bandwidth

Year of expiry

900 MHz

10 MHz

2026

900 MHz

16.6 MHz

2021#

1800 MHz

23.2 MHz

2021#

2100 MHz

29.6 MHz

2031

2300 MHz

30 MHz

2027

2600 MHz

30 MHz*

2024

2600 MHz

10 MHz*

2028

900 MHz

15.6 MHz

2023

1800 MHz

28.8 MHz

2023

2100 MHz

10 MHz

2023

Hong Kong

533

522

14%

14%

Macau

2017

2018
capex over service revenue

* Shared under 50/50 joint venture - Genius Brand Limited
#
After the spectrum auction and licence renewal in 2018, the licence
period of the existing 16.6 MHz in 900 MHz band has been extended
from November 2020 to January 2021 to align with the new spectrum
assignment period. Accordingly, the Group will hold 10 MHz in
900 MHz band and 30 MHz in 1800 MHz band from 2021 to 2036.

2018 Annual Report

23

Group Capital Resources and Liquidity

Treasury Management
The Group’s treasury function sets financial risk management policies in accordance with policies and procedures that are
approved by the Executive Director, and which are also subject to periodic review by the Group’s internal audit function. The
Group’s treasury policies are designed to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates on the Group’s
overall financial position and to minimise the Group’s financial risks. The Group’s treasury function operates as a centralised
service for managing financial risks, including interest rate and foreign exchange risks, and for providing cost-efficient funding to
the Group and its companies. It manages the majority of the Group’s funding needs, interest rate, foreign currency and credit risk
exposures. The Group uses interest rate and foreign currency swaps and forward contracts as appropriate for risk management
purposes only, for hedging transactions and for managing the Group’s assets and liabilities’ exposure to interest rate and foreign
exchange rate fluctuations. It is the Group’s policy not to enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. It is also the
Group’s policy not to invest liquidity in financial products, including hedge funds or similar vehicles.

Cash management and funding
The Group operates a central cash management system for all of its subsidiaries. In general, financing is mainly derived from
operating income to meet funding requirements of the operating subsidiaries of the Group. The Group regularly and closely
monitors its overall cash position and determines when external source of finance is needed.

Foreign currency exposure
The Group runs telecommunications operations principally in Hong Kong, with transactions denominated in Hong Kong dollars.
The Group is exposed to other currency movements, primarily in terms of certain trade receivables or payables and bank deposits
denominated in United States dollars, Macau Patacas, Renminbi, Euros and British pounds.

Credit exposure
The Group’s holdings of surplus funds with financial institutions expose the Group to credit risk of counterparties. The Group
controls its credit risk to non-performance by its counterparties through monitoring their share price movements and credit
ratings as well as setting approved counterparty credit limits that are regularly reviewed.

24

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Group Capital Resources and Liquidity

Capital and Net Debt
As at 31 December 2018, the Group recorded share capital of HK$1,205 million and total equity of HK$16,147 million.
As at 31 December 2018, the net cash of the Group was HK$9,555 million (2017: HK$9,817 million), 99% of which was
denominated in Hong Kong dollars with remaining in various other currencies. As at 31 December 2017, the cash and cash
equivalents of the Group amounted to HK$13,717 million and the bank loan of HK$3,900 million under loan facilities maturing
in 2019 was fully prepaid in January 2018.

Charges on Group Assets
As at 31 December 2018, same as prior year, except for all of the shares of a joint venture owned by the Group which were
pledged as security in favour of the joint venture partner under a cross share pledge arrangement, no material asset of the Group
was under any charge.

Borrowing Facilities Available
The Group has no committed borrowing facilities as at 31 December 2018 (2017: HK$900 million available but not drawn).

Radio Spectrum
During the year ended 31 December 2018, Hutchison Telephone Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, acquired
10 MHz in the 900 MHz band and 10 MHz in the 1800 MHz band for a total consideration of HK$960 million through auction.
Together with 20 MHz in the 1800 MHz band obtained by exercising a right of first refusal offered by the Communications
Authority of Hong Kong with a consideration of HK$1,080 million, the Group acquired 40 MHz in total in the 900 MHz band and
1800 MHz band for a total consideration of HK$2,040 million through auction and licence renewal for the provision of mobile
telecommunications services in Hong Kong for a period of 15 years from 2021.

Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2018, the Group provided performance and other guarantees of HK$5 million (2017: HK$5 million).

Commitments
As at 31 December 2018, the Group had total capital commitments of property, plant and equipment amounting to
HK$396 million (2017: HK$444 million) and telecommunications licences of HK$2,040 million (2017: Nil).
As at 31 December 2018, the Group had total operating lease commitments for building and other assets amounting to
HK$265 million (2017: HK$335 million).
A subsidiary of the Group acquired various blocks of spectrum bands for the provision of telecommunications services in
Hong Kong, certain of which over various assignment years up to year 2021. The licence fees for these spectrum bands were
charged on 5% of the network revenue or the Appropriate Fee (as defined in the Unified Carrier Licence), whichever is greater.
The net present value of the Appropriate Fee has already been recorded as licence fee liabilities.

2018 Annual Report

25

Risk Factors

The business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group are subject to various business risks and uncertainties. The
factors set out below are those that the Group believes could result in the financial condition of the Group or results of operations
differing materially from expected or historical results. There may be other risks in addition to those shown below which are not
known to the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

Market Economy
The Group operates principally in Hong Kong. As a result, the financial condition of the Group and results of operations may be
influenced by the general state of a local market or economy in the region. Any significant or protracted worsening of the present
financial and economic climate within Hong Kong and/or other areas, could result in a change to customer spending or usage
behaviour, which could have an adverse impact on the business, results of operations and financial performance of the Group.

Highly-competitive Market
The Group faces significant competition. Aggressive tariff plans and customer acquisition strategies adopted by competitors
may impact on pricing plans, customer acquisition and retention costs, rate of customer growth and retention prospects –
hence, the service revenue the Group receives as a major provider of mobile telecommunications services. Risk of competition
from alternative sources of mobile telecommunications services now, or in the future, could materially and adversely affect the
financial performance and growth prospects of the Group.

Strategic Partners
The Group conducts some of its businesses through non wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures, in which it shares control
(in whole or in part) and has formed strategic alliances with certain leading international companies, government authorities
and other strategic partners. There can be no assurance that any of these strategic or business partners will wish to continue
their relationships with the Group into the future, or that the Group will be able to pursue its stated strategies with respect to its
non-wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures and the markets in which they operate. Furthermore, other investors in the
non-wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures of the Group may undergo a change of control or financial difficulties, which
may affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

Impact of Regulatory Decisions
The Group is permitted to provide telecommunications services and operate networks only under licences granted by regulatory
authorities in individual countries/areas. All these licences have, historically, been issued for fixed terms and subsequently
renewed. However, further renewals may not be guaranteed, or the terms and conditions of these licences may be changed when
renewed. All these licences contain regulatory requirements and carrier obligations regarding the way the Group must conduct
business, and such requirements may cover network quality and coverage. Failure to meet these requirements could result in
damage awards, fines, penalties, suspension or other sanctions including, ultimately, revocation of the licences. Decisions by
regulators regarding the granting, amendment or renewal of licences held by the Group, or other parties (including spectrum
allocation to other parties or relaxation of constraints with respect to the technology or specific service that may be deployed
in the given spectrum band), could result in the Group facing unforeseen competition, and could adversely affect the financial
condition and results of operations of the Group.

26

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Risk Factors

Accounting
The International Accounting Standards Board has issued, and may in the future issue more new and revised standards and
interpretations. Such factors may require adoption of new accounting policies. There can be no assurance that the adoption of
new accounting policies or new IFRS will not have a significant impact on the financial condition and results of operations of
the Group.

Rapid Technological Changes
The global telecommunications industry is characterised by rapid increases in the diversity and sophistication of the technologies
and services offered. As a result, the Group may face increasing competition from technologies currently being developed, or
which may be developed in the future, by both existing competitors as well as new market entrants. The development and
application of new technologies involve time, substantial cost and risk. The technologies employed may become obsolete or
be subject to intense competition from new technologies in the future. Impairment of any of assets could adversely affect
the financial condition and results of operations of the Group. If the Group fails to develop, or obtain timely access to, new
technologies and equipment, or if the Group fails to obtain the necessary licences and spectrum to provide services using these
new technologies, the Group may lose customers and market share and become less profitable.

Network Performance
Some elements of networks of the Group, such as switching and data platforms, perform critical functions for broad sectors
of network operations. Damage to such critical elements may cause an entire sector of network coverage to be rendered
non-functional and, as a result, the Group may not be able to provide mobile telecommunications services to a substantial
proportion of customer base. In the event that the Group is unable to provide mobile telecommunications services to a substantial
proportion of its customers for an extended period of time, its business and results of operations will be materially and
adversely affected.

Natural Disasters
Some of the Group’s assets and projects, and many of the Group’s customers and suppliers are located in areas at risk of damage
from floods and other major natural disasters and the occurrence of any of these events could disrupt the Group’s business and
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
Although the Group has not experienced any major structural damage to the Group’s facilities, there can be no assurance that
those natural disasters will not occur and result in major damage to the Group’s facilities, which could adversely affect the Group’s
financial condition and results of operations.

Past Performance and Forward-looking Statements
The performance and the results of operations of the Group contained within this annual report are historical in nature, and
past performance is no guarantee for the future results of the Group. Any forward-looking statements and opinions contained
within this annual report are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties.
Actual results may differ materially from expectations presented in such forward-looking statements and opinions. The Group,
the Directors, employees and agents of the Group assume (a) no obligation to correct or update the forward-looking statements
or opinions contained within this annual report; and (b) no liability in the event that any of the forward-looking statements or
opinions do not materialise.

2018 Annual Report

27

Environmental,
Social and
Governance
Report
The Group acknowledges the importance of sound
environmental, social and governance practices
in terms of employees, customers, suppliers and
anti-corruption measures, as well as environmental
and community matters.

38

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Annual Report 2018

39

Environmental,
Social and
Governance Report
About this Report
This ESG report provides an annual update of sustainability
performance progress in respect of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2018. It has been brought up to date
to reflect the interests of various stakeholders. Additional
quantitative data and detailed ESG requirements, as well
as internal policies and programmes, have been included
to illustrate key initiatives that have positive impact on
the community and environment. This report is prepared
in accordance with Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing
Rules and ESG Reporting Guide issued by the Stock Exchange
in 2015, and should be read in conjunction with the
Corporate Governance Report section of this annual report.

Approach to ESG Strategy and
Reporting
Our approach to ESG represents alignment with the
long-term strategic development, and enhancement of
shareholder value. Key issues are identified, prioritised
and addressed in a way that demonstrates transparency
and accountability.
As one of the leading mobile telecommunications
operators in Hong Kong and Macau, the Group
acknowledges the importance of sound ESG practices
in daily operations. The Board and senior management
provide strategic direction, establish sustainability policy
and objectives, oversee corporate governance matters
and monitor progress.
Total full-time employees by gender,
employment type and age group
200
150

50

30

Stakeholder Engagement and
Material Assessment
The Group maintains ongoing dialogue with key
stakeholders including employees, shareholders,
investors, customers, business partners, suppliers,
professional institutions, non-government organisations,
authorities and media partners. The Group collects views
from stakeholders on a frequent basis via a variety of
channels such as meetings, workshops, surveys and
feedback programmes.
ESG compliance and how the Group benefits the
community are among key stakeholder interests.
Important aspects vary and range from sourcing practices
and environmental emissions through to employment and
operating practices, as well as community involvement.
Material aspects identified are reviewed periodically and
the Board is updated as and when appropriate.
The six sections set out in this report summarise the
Group’s commitments to employees, customers and
supply chain entities, as well as to anti-corruption,
environmental and community matters. Key initiatives
and activities have been included in each section to
highlight efforts made in enhancing long-term value
for stakeholders.

Commitment to Our People

100

0

The ESG working group was formed to formulate and
translate policy into action, while facilitating exchange
of best practices throughout internal cost centres and
divisions. Heads of cost centres and divisions then
incorporate such initiatives into operations and processes.
They also collect and analyse data, evaluate performance
and report major issues periodically.

20-29

30-39

40-49

50-59

60 and
above

Managers - Male

Managers - Female

Non - managers - Male

Non - managers - Female

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Our employees are key to consistent delivery of quality
and reliable services. Effective talent management is
integral to our prospects for long-term success. The Group
aspires to be an employer-of-choice through effective
talent acquisition, systematic training and provision of an
inclusive working environment.

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Recruiting, engaging and retaining talent
Our success depends heavily on attracting, retaining and
motivating suitable talent in competitive labour markets.
The Group works closely with educational institutions
to recruit the calibre of young talent able to support the
Group’s growth.
As of 31 December 2018, the Group employed 1,180
full-time staff members, and is committed to complying
with employment guidelines and regulations including
Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. Every aspect of
employment is subject to a stringent internal review
process involving a well-defined monitoring procedure
to verify a candidate’s personal information in order
to prevent misrepresentation and any form of forced
labour. An employment contract comes complete with
easily-understood terms and conditions, and each individual
is well briefed before taking up employment with us. Our
code of ethics requires staff to comply with applicable
government and regulatory laws, rules, codes and regulations.
The Group adopts equal employment-opportunity
policies and runs programmes to ensure employees
are hired, promoted and assigned on the basis of skill
and ability. The Group is committed to providing all
employees with a positive, respectful and safe working
environment, free of discrimination and harassment.
The selection process affords equal opportunities to all
persons subscribing to a commitment to excellence, and
is carried out with a neutral approach to race, colour,
gender or religious belief. This non-discrimination policy
continues throughout a staff member’s career and
applies to all employment matters including placement,
transfer, promotion and compensation.

practices. The Group upholds labour standards and our
policies strictly prohibit use of child or forced labour, and
rigorous measures and audits are undertaken to prevent
such practices from occurring in our operations.

Investing in training and development
The Group ensures employees at every level are
developed and motivated to deliver against our
commitments to stakeholders. Each division develops
training programmes to meet specific business needs.
Training includes orientation, information-exchange
sessions, workshops and internal/external courses.
Employees are entitled to various subsidies and
sponsorships in respect of job-related training courses to
encourage lifelong learning.
Employees are encouraged to take part in work-life
balance activities and community service. These include
employee outings, sports events and community
volunteering activities.
In 2018, the Group won “9th Asia’s Best Employer Brand
Awards – Asia’s Best Employer Brand”, demonstrating
commitment to retention of talent and motivating
employees to build careers within the Group.

Valuing our employees
The Group respects the rights of employees in expressing
their views, and has established various channels to
facilitate a two-way flow of communication. The Group
conducts regular seminars and activities to share views
and collect ideas. Feedback from employees through
our many channels help enhance talent management
Staff take part in The Green Earth’s Country Parks Plantation Enrichment Project to help protect
the countryside.

2018 Annual Report

31

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Promoting well-being, health and safety
The Group cares about the well-being of its employees
and promotes the work-life balance concept, while
providing a range of paid-leave entitlements. Where
operational needs allow, many businesses are exploring
and offering greater flexibility in terms of managing
work and free time for staff members.
The Group strives to create a safe workplace for all
employees. Safety training programmes are provided
based on nature of work, and safety standards are
applied consistently throughout the workplace.
Employees are able to access health and safety
information posted on the intranet, which offers
hyperlinks to external sites. A list of first aid helpers is
maintained throughout offices, along with information
to help employees understand how to handle health and
safety issues.
A robust system protects consumers and safeguards their privacy.

Regulatory compliance
The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses
are operated in compliance with local laws, rules and
regulations. Regulatory frameworks within which the
Group operates are analysed and monitored, internal
policies are prepared and updated accordingly.
Tailor-made workshops are also conducted where
necessary so as to strengthen the awareness and
understanding of the internal controls and compliance
procedures of the Group.

Commitment to Our Customers

The Group maintains a range of customer communications
channels such as customer service centres, social
networking pages, focus group studies and smartphone
applications, so that feedback can be collected and acted
upon. The Group treats customer feedback with due
care and in a timely manner. Any customer complaints
are handled efficiently and investigated to identify and
rectify root causes. Records are kept as to how complaints
are handled and whether improvements resulted, and
measures are in place to review outcomes. The Group
also fosters a culture of continuous improvement by
benchmarking and publishing service performance details
on a regular basis. Service levels are gauged according
to performance pledges, then published periodically on
the website.

Building trust through reliability and quality

Protecting our customers

The Group won a number of service awards in 2018,
reflecting the importance it attaches to customer
satisfaction. These accolades applaud frontline staff for
adopting helpful and sincere attitudes when serving
customers. The 24/7 online 3iChat customer interface
uses emoticons to create a friendly rapport, while the
eSelf-service initiative has blossomed into a swift, simple
and good-natured customer experience.

Protecting consumers and safeguarding their privacy are
top priorities. The Group is committed to complying with
data privacy laws and regulations including Hong Kong
Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. Such commitment
to protecting the personal information of customers
is well supported by corporate strategies and policies.
A robust system is in place to control the collection,
access, updating, security and retention of data received.

During the year, the Group was not aware of any
non-compliance with laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to employment,
occupational health and safety, or labour standards.

32

Improving the customer experience

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Additionally, the Group develops an internal platform
with links to operational guidelines and handbooks, and
issues periodic reminders to customer-facing employees,
while running workshops to emphasise the importance
of protecting personal data.

with major business partners. This encompasses working
relationships with suppliers of goods and services to
ensure business is being conducted only with legally,
financially and technically-sound entities.

The Group was not aware of any incidents of
non-compliance with laws and regulations that have
a significant impact on the Group concerning product
responsibility during the year.

The Group adheres to international best practices and
conducts fair and unbiased tender processes in dealings
with vendors. When selecting suppliers, the Group takes
factors into account such as quality of products and
services, past performance, financial standing, capacity
assessment and reputation including track records in
handling social and environmental matters. The Group
expects suppliers to observe the same environmental,
social, health and safety and governance considerations
when carrying out their own operating practices.
Procurement teams are trained to apply these policies
and procedures when assessing suppliers, while
tendering procedures are always communicated carefully
to vendors. The Group also provides stakeholders,
including vendors, with procedures such that they can
report any suspected impropriety.

Supply Chain Management

Anti-corruption

The Group is supported by a wide range of suppliers and
contractors. Internal policies are implemented in close
collaboration with the business partners. Through regular
dialogue and cooperation, the Group and its partners are
able to deliver sustainable value to all our stakeholders.

Our anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy sets out
standards of conduct for all employees to follow. The
Group has also established procedures for reporting
possible improprieties relating to matters of financial
reporting, internal control and other matters. The aim is
to encourage employees – and those who deal with the
Group (eg customers, suppliers, creditors and debtors)
– to report any suspected impropriety, misconduct or
malpractice within the Group. These procedures aim
to provide reporting channels and guidance, while
reassuring “whistleblowers” they will be protected
against any unfair treatment. Cases will be followed up
independently by an internal auditor and reported to the
Audit Committee and senior management.

Regulatory compliance
The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses
are operated in compliance with local laws, rules and
regulations. Regulatory frameworks within which the
Group operates are analysed and monitored, internal
policies are prepared and updated accordingly.
Tailor-made workshops are also conducted where
necessary so as to strengthen the awareness and
understanding of the internal controls and compliance
procedures of the Group.

Sourcing responsibly and engaging suppliers
The Group addresses supply chain challenges through
risk management, responsible sourcing, supplier
engagement and oversight.

Approach to supply chain management
Purchasing policy and business partner evaluation policy,
as well as various procedures, provide direction and
guidelines on evaluation and engagement when dealing

Staff learn to make their own terrariums at a lunchtime workshop in preparation for an exhibition in the Hutchison Telecom Tower lobby, where staff members vote for their
favourite displays.

2018 Annual Report

33

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Secondary school students visit HTHKH to learn about the telecoms industry and careers during a business-school partnership programme.

Regulatory compliance
The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses
are operated in compliance with local laws, rules and
regulations. Regulatory frameworks within which the
Group operates are analysed and monitored, internal
policies are prepared and updated accordingly.
Tailor-made workshops are also conducted where
necessary so as to strengthen the awareness and
understanding of the internal controls and compliance
procedures of the Group.
During the year, the Group was not aware of any breach
of laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
the Group relating to anti-corruption.

Commitment to Our Environment
Optimising use of resources
The Group’s environment-protection policy details a
commitment to minimising the negative impact of
business activities on the environment, while supporting
protection initiatives.
The Group demonstrated a keen sense of community
spirit by running the Recycling of Handsets and
Accessories Programme and placing recycling boxes at
3Shops to encourage the public to recycle or reuse old
handsets and accessories. The programme launched in
2012, since when the handsets and accessory items have
been collected.
The Group contributed to the Computer Recycling
Programme run by the Environmental Protection
Department. Items fit for reuse have since been donated
to people in need.

34

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

The Group was awarded an Excellence Level for both
Wastewi$e certificate and Energywi$e certificate. The
Green Office status had been conferred on the Group
under the auspices of the World Green Organisation’s
Green Office Awards Labelling Scheme for many
consecutive years.
The Group continues to encourage customers to opt for
electronic billing by email or SMS, as part of a long-term
strategy to reduce consumption of paper.
Helping to protect the environment ranks as one of
our top commitments to society. The Group organised
a tree-planting scheme in 2018 and sought to boost
biodiversity and maintain woodland by planting native
tree seedlings. Employees were encouraged to support
the Country Parks Plantation Enrichment Project run
by The Green Earth and the Agriculture, Fisheries and
Conservation Department.
In December 2018, the Group initiated “Greening the
Office” - a terrarium workshop and mini-plant project to
raise environmental awareness among staff. Staff took
part in a lunchtime workshop and created their own
terrariums. Other staff members casted votes for their
favourite displays and were given free mini-potted plants
to “green” their office and living areas.
The use of electricity was reduced by 12%, from
125,791,648 kwh in 2017 to 111,277,682 kwh in 2018
as a result of retirement of certain aged equipment and
decrease in locations of premises after implementation of
internal efficiency enhancement initiatives.

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Regulatory compliance
The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses
are operated in compliance with local laws, rules and
regulations. Regulatory frameworks within which the
Group operates are analysed and monitored, internal
policies are prepared and updated accordingly.
Tailor-made workshops are also conducted where
necessary so as to strengthen the awareness and
understanding of the internal controls and compliance
procedures of the Group.
The Group was not aware of any non-compliance of
laws and regulations that has a significant impact on
the Group relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges
into water and land, and generation of hazardous and
non-hazardous waste during the year.

A student immerses
herself in an interactive
demonstration of
artificial intelligence at
the 3LIVE flagship store.

Cash and in-kind donations benefitting community projects
in Hong Kong and Macau under the subject headings of
community, education, youth and the elderly during 2018
amounted to approximately HK$1.4 million, in which
HK$1.3 million was made to charitable organisations.

HTHKH volunteers visit an elderly centre and hand out festive gift packs to
senior citizens.

Commitment to Our Community
The Group engages in a wide range of philanthropic
efforts to benefit the community. Such initiatives include
employee volunteerism, education and health care. In line
with sound corporate governance practice, donations and
contributions are subject to internal compliance guidelines
and controls in order to safeguard stakeholder interests.
The Group has maintained “Caring Company” status –
granted by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service – for
a long period of time. The Group has adopted a public
engagement and donation policy to encourage service
to the community through voluntary staff efforts and by
way of cash and in-kind donations.

The Group has made in-kind donations to the benefit of a
diversity of needy individuals by drawing on the strength
of its superior mobile network and technology expertise.
In 2018, the Group supported the Hong Kong Jockey Club
Online Youth Emotional Support Project, a text-based
online-crisis support initiative that targets youth. The
Group also supported fundraising programmes run by
charitable organisations such as Save the Children Hong
Kong, Sheng Kung Hui St. Christopher’s Home and the
Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui Welfare Council. The Group
supported the Narcotics Division of the Security Bureau
to spread anti-drug abuse messaging via SMS.
The Group continued to help senior citizens by providing
the free “e-Care Link” package, which includes voice
minutes, local data usage and the all-year-round
call-and-care “e-Care Link” service. All this was done
under the auspices of the Safety Phone Service Packages
Sponsorship Programme organised by the Senior Citizen
Home Safety Association. The year under review also
saw continuity of the Lo-Yau-Kee Monthly Service Plans
Sponsorship Programme, launched in 2010. Meanwhile,
senior citizens from a number of charitable organisations
benefitted from a waiver-of-service fee scheme. Some
members of the Hong Kong Down Syndrome Association
and U-Hearts received free SIMs from the Group in order
to stay connected with friends and families.

2018 Annual Report

35

Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The Group helps develop a more inclusive and caring
society by easing the way people with disabilities
and special needs obtain information and services.
Our corporate website again won a gold award in the
Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme organised by
The Hong Kong Internet Registration Corporation and
co-organised by The Office of the Government Chief
Information Officer.
The Group plays an important role in imparting knowledge
of mobile technologies and the telecommunications
industry. The Group sponsored the “Make our lives easier
with AI” App Enhancement Competition as part of the
World Telecommunication and Information Society Day
Hong Kong, and supported the Hong Kong 5G Industry
Forum organised by the Communications Association
of Hong Kong. The Group also supported the BusinessSchool Partnership Programme of the Hong Kong General
Chamber of Commerce. Our senior executives shared with
students personal insight and experience during the career
sharing session and visit to our office.

The Group emphasises the importance of striking a
healthy work-life balance and encourages staff to
participate in various charity sports events such as “A
Drop of Life Walk for Water”, “Youth Outreach Let’s Walk
the Road”, the “Children’s Heart Foundation Heart-toHeart Charity Walk” and “Jardines Sports and Family Day”.
Our volunteers visited Hong Chi Fu Shin Centre, along
with the Evangelical Lutheran Church Hong Kong Shatin
District Community Centre for the Golden-Aged and Little
Sisters of the Poor St. Mary’s Home for the Aged, and
handed out festive gift packs to members.
Meanwhile, staff in Macau took part in a community
walk to raise funds for the underprivileged, while the
Group continued to sponsor the Mobile Application
Software Technologies Training Plan, which encourages
youngsters to keep up to speed with the latest mobile
application technology.

Environmental Key Performance Indicators
Unit

2018

2017

tonnes Co2e

61,008

69,273

tonne Co2e/revenue HK$’000

0.008

0.010

111,277,682
177,248
14.1

125,791,648
217,057
18.7

60
40

72
18

m3
m3/revenue HK$’000

6,791
0.001

25,181
0.004

tonne
piece

62
3,170

26
2,773

Emissions
Total GHG emissions
(mainly from use of electricity under Scope 2)
Total GHG emissions intensity
Energy
Electricity
Gasoline and Diesel*
Total energy consumption intensity

kWh
kWh
kwh/revenue HK$’000

Paper
Paper*
Paper recycled

tonne
tonne

Water
Water
Water consumption intensity
Waste management
General office waste
Computer and network equipment
*

36

The comparative figures were adjusted to reflect the change in allocation basis to align with current year presentation.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Information on Directors

Biographical Details of Directors
FOK Kin Ning, Canning
Chairman and Non-executive Director
Fok Kin Ning, Canning, aged 67, has been Chairman and a Non-executive Director of the Company since March 2009. He is also
Chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr Fok is an executive
director and group co-managing director of CKHH. He has been a director of Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited (“Cheung Kong
(Holdings)”) and HWL since 1985 and 1984 respectively, and both companies were formerly listed on the Stock Exchange
and have become wholly owned subsidiaries of CKHH in 2015. He is also the chairman of HTAL, HPHM (as trustee-manager
of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (“HPH Trust”)), Power Assets Holdings Limited, HK Electric Investments Manager Limited (as
trustee-manager of HK Electric Investments) and HK Electric Investments Limited, co-chairman of Husky Energy Inc. and deputy
chairman of CKI. In addition, he is a director of CKHGI, which together with CKHH are substantial shareholders of the Company
within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO; and director of certain companies controlled by certain substantial shareholders of the
Company. The aforementioned companies are either the ultimate holding company of the Company or subsidiaries or associated
companies of CKHH of which Mr Fok acts as chairman, co-chairman, deputy chairman or director for the purpose of overseeing the
management of such businesses. Mr Fok holds a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Diploma in Financial Management, and is a Fellow
of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand.

LUI Dennis Pok Man
Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director
Lui Dennis Pok Man, aged 67, has been Deputy Chairman and a Non-executive Director of the Company since March 2009 and
was re-designated as Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director of the Company on 1 August 2018. He is also a member
of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr Lui is a director of Hutchison Telecommunications Group Holdings Limited and
heads the operations of the Hutchison Asia Telecommunications group comprising its telecommunications business in Indonesia,
Vietnam and Sri Lanka. He also oversees the telecommunications operations in Ireland and Austria and generally assists in
other telecommunications operations and related investments within the CKHH Group. Mr Lui first joined Hutchison Paging
Limited in 1986 and became its managing director in 1993. He was managing director of HTHK (a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company), in charge of the mobile telecommunications, fixed-line, multi-media, Internet and paging businesses in China,
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan from 1996 to 2000. From 2001, he oversaw a number of the telecommunications operations and
new business development of the HWL Group in particular as an executive director and chief executive officer of HTIL from 2004
to 2010. He is also a director of certain companies controlled by certain substantial shareholders of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Mr Lui holds a Bachelor of Science degree.

2018 Annual Report

37

Information on Directors

WOO Chiu Man, Cliff
Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director
Woo Chiu Man, Cliff, aged 65, has been Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2017 and
was re-designated as Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director of the Company on 1 August 2018. He is also a member
of the Nomination Committee of the Company and a director of HTAL. Mr Woo held various senior technology management
positions in the telecommunications industry before joining the HWL Group in 1998. He was deputy managing director of HTHK,
a subsidiary of the Company, from 2000 to 2004, and also executive director of HTIL from March 2005 to December 2005.
Mr Woo was seconded to Vodafone Hutchison Australia Pty Limited as chief technology officer from 2012 to 2013 and was
part of the core management team. HTAL, HWL and HTIL are all subsidiaries of CKHH, a substantial shareholder of the Company
within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Further, Mr Woo is also a director of certain companies controlled by certain substantial
shareholders of the Company. He possesses extensive operations experience in the telecommunications industry and has been
involved in cellular technology for over 30 years. Mr Woo holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electronics and a Diploma in Management
for Executive Development. He is a Chartered Engineer and also a member of the Institution of Engineering and Technology (UK)
and the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers.

KOO Sing Fai
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Koo Sing Fai, aged 46, has been Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 1 August 2018. He is also a
member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr Koo joined the HWL Group in August 2006 and became a director of
enterprise and international business of mobile operations of the Company in January 2014. Since then he has led the corporate
market and international services, business and development aspects of the mobile business of the Company until January 2015.
He re-joined the Company in April 2017 as a director of roaming and services development and became the Chief Commercial
Officer in January 2018. Mr Koo possesses a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science and has more than 23 years of
experience in the telecommunications industry.

LAI Kai Ming, Dominic
Non-executive Director
Lai Kai Ming, Dominic, aged 65, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since March 2009 and Alternate Director to
Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning, Chairman and a Non-executive Director of the Company, and Ms Edith Shih, a Non-executive Director
and Company Secretary of the Company since January 2017. He is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the
Company. Mr Lai is an executive director and deputy managing director of CKHH. He has been a director of HWL since 2000
and such company has become a wholly owned subsidiary of CKHH in 2015. He is also a director of HTAL, a member of the
Board of Commissioners of PT Duta Intidaya Tbk (“PTDI”), and an alternate director to directors of HTAL and TOM Group Limited
(“TOM”). In addition, Mr Lai is a director of CKHGI, HTIHL and HTHL, all of which together with CKHH are substantial shareholders
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO; and director of certain companies controlled by certain substantial
shareholders of the Company. The aforementioned companies are either the ultimate holding company of the Company or
subsidiaries or associated companies of CKHH of which Mr Lai acts as director or commissioner for the purpose of overseeing the
management of such businesses. Mr Lai has over 35 years of management experience in different industries and holds a Bachelor
of Science (Hons) degree and a Master’s degree in Business Administration.

38

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Information on Directors

Edith SHIH
Non-executive Director and Company Secretary
Edith Shih, aged 67, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since January 2017 and Company Secretary of the
Company since November 2007. She is also a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms Shih is an executive
director and Company Secretary of CKHH. She has been with the Cheung Kong (Holdings) group since 1989 and from 1991 to
2015 with HWL, both of which have become wholly owned subsidiaries of CKHH in 2015. She has acted in various capacities
within the HWL Group including director, head group general counsel and company secretary of HWL and its subsidiaries and
associated companies. Ms Shih is a non-executive director of Hutchison China MediTech Limited and HPHM (as trustee-manager
of HPH Trust), and a member of the Board of Commissioners of PTDI. In addition, she is a director of CKHGI, HTIHL and HTHL, all
of which together with CKHH are substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO; and director
of certain companies controlled by certain substantial shareholders of the Company. The aforementioned companies are either
the ultimate holding company of the Company or subsidiaries or associated companies of CKHH of which Ms Shih acts as director
or commissioner for the purpose of overseeing the management of such businesses. She has over 35 years of experience in the
legal, regulatory, corporate finance, compliance and corporate governance fields. Ms Shih is at present the International President
and Executive Committee Chairman of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (“ICSA”) and a past President and
current chairperson of certain committees and panels of the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (“HKICS”). She is also
the Chairman of the Governance Committee of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a panel member of the
Securities and Futures Appeals Tribunal and a member of the Process Review Panel of the Financial Reporting Council. Ms Shih is a
solicitor qualified in England and Wales, Hong Kong and Victoria, Australia and a Fellow of both ICSA and HKICS, holding Chartered
Secretary and Chartered Governance Professional dual designations. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Education and a
Master of Arts degree from the University of the Philippines and a Master of Arts degree and a Master of Education degree from
Columbia University, New York.

CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry
Independent Non-executive Director
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry, aged 71, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2009 and
Alternate Director to Dr Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna, an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, since March 2010.
He is Chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company.
He was a director of Cheung Kong (Holdings) for the period from 2004 to 2015 and such company has become a wholly owned
subsidiary of CKHH in 2015. He is an independent non-executive director of CK Asset Holdings Limited (“CK Asset”), CKI, CNNC
International Limited, Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited, New World Department Store China Limited, Skyworth Digital
Holdings Limited and TOM. He is also an independent director of BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited, and an executive
director and deputy chairman of Worldsec Limited. Mr Cheong holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and a Master of
Science degree in Operational Research and Management.

2018 Annual Report

39

Information on Directors

LAN Hong Tsung, David, GBS, ISO, JP
Independent Non-executive Director
Lan Hong Tsung, David, aged 78, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2009. He is
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company.
He is currently chairman of David H T Lan Consultants Limited. He is an independent non-executive director of CKI, ARA Asset
Management (Prosperity) Limited (as manager of Prosperity Real Estate Investment Trust (“Prosperity REIT”)) and SJM Holdings
Limited. He is also president of The International Institute of Management Limited, senior advisor of Mitsui & Company (Hong
Kong) Limited, supervisor of Nanyang Commercial Bank (China), Limited and an independent non-executive director of Nanyang
Commercial Bank, Limited and Cinda Financial Holdings Co., Limited. Dr Lan was Secretary for Home Affairs of the Government of
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region till his retirement in July 2000. He had served as a civil servant in various capacities
for 39 years and was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star Medal in July 2000. He was a member of the 10th and 11th sessions of the
National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (“CPPCC”) of the People’s Republic of China. Dr Lan
is a Chartered Secretary, and a Fellow of ICSA and HKICS. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of London,
the United Kingdom and completed the Advanced Management Program (AMP) of the Harvard Business School, Boston. He was
also a Visiting Fellow at Queen Elizabeth House, University of Oxford. Dr Lan was conferred with Honorary Degree of Doctor of
Business Administration by University of the West of England (UWE Bristol), Doctor of Humanities, honoris causa by Don Honorio
Ventura Technological State University and Visiting Professorships of Bulacan State University and Tarlac State University.

WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna, DBE, JP
Independent Non-executive Director
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna, aged 66, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2009. She is
a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. She is an independent non-executive director
of CKHH, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. She was a director of Cheung
Kong (Holdings) for the period from 2001 to 2015 and such company has become a wholly owned subsidiary of CKHH in 2015.
Dr Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of The Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels, Limited, a director of RJJ
Ideas Limited, a senior advisor of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups (“HKFYG”), a steward of The Hong Kong Jockey Club,
a governor of Our Hong Kong Foundation and chairman of the Advisory Board of the California Center Early Learning School,
Shanghai. In addition, she is a member of the 13th session of the National Committee of the CPPCC of the People’s Republic of
China and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Business School Advisory Council. She also serves as a global
advisor to Mars, Incorporated. She was previously the executive director of HKFYG, the non-executive chairman of the Advisory
Committee of The Hongkong Bank Foundation and an independent non-executive director of The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited. Dr Wong holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Sociology from the University of California (Davis),
the United States of America and has been awarded Honorary Doctorates by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, The Hong
Kong Polytechnic University, the University of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Institute of Education and the University of Toronto
in Canada.

MA Lai Chee, Gerald
Alternate Director
Ma Lai Chee, Gerald, aged 51, has been Alternate Director to Mr Lai Kai Ming, Dominic, a Non-executive Director of the Company
since June 2009. He is an executive committee member and general manager of corporate business development department of
CK Asset. Mr Ma joined the CK Group in 1996. He is also a non-executive director and member of the Designated Committee of
ARA Asset Management (Fortune) Limited (as manager of Fortune Real Estate Investment Trust) and also a non-executive director
and member of the Designated (Finance) Committee of ARA Asset Management (Prosperity) Limited (as manager of Prosperity
REIT). He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of CKHH, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO. He has over 29 years of experience in finance, investment and portfolio management, real estate development and
marketing as well as managing IT related ventures and services. Mr Ma holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Finance and a
Master of Arts degree in Global Business Management.
40

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Information on Directors

Changes in Information of Directors
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of Directors subsequent to the date of the 2018
Interim Report or the date of announcement on appointment of Director are set out below:
Directors

Details of changes

Fok Kin Ning, Canning

Appointed as:

Lui Dennis Pok Man

–

chairman of Nomination Committee of each of the Company, Power Assets Holdings
Limited and HK Electric Investments Limited on 1 January 2019

–

a member of Nomination Committee of each of CKHH and CKI on 1 January 2019

Re-designated as Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director of the Company on
1 August 2018
Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of the Company on 1 January 2019

Woo Chiu Man, Cliff

Re-designated as Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director of the Company on
1 August 2018
Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of the Company on 1 January 2019

Koo Sing Fai

Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of the Company on 1 January 2019

Lai Kai Ming, Dominic

Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of each of the Company and CKHH on
1 January 2019

2018 Annual Report

41

Information on Directors

Directors

Details of changes

Edith Shih

Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of each of the Company and CKHH on
1 January 2019

Cheong Ying Chew, Henry

Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of each of the Company, CK Asset and
CKI on 1 January 2019

Lan Hong Tsung, David

Appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of each of the Company and CKI on
1 January 2019

Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

Appointed as:
–

chairman of the Advisory Board of the California Center Early Learning School,
Shanghai in August 2018

–

steward of The Hong Kong Jockey Club in August 2018

–

governor of Our Hong Kong Foundation in August 2018

–

a member of Nomination Committee of each of the Company and CKHH on 1 January 2019

Ceased to be a member of the Advisory Committee of The Jockey Club CPS Limited on
3 September 2018

In respect of the change in emoluments of Directors of the Company, please refer to note 7(a) to the consolidated financial
statements on pages 122 to 123.

42

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Information on Directors

Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures
As at 31 December 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
which had been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors adopted by the Company (the “HTHKH
Securities Code”) were as follows:

(I)

Interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company
Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company

Directors

Capacity

Nature of
interests

Number of
shares held

Approximate %
of shareholding

Interest of
a controlled
corporation

Corporate interest

1,202,380 (Note)

0.0250%

Lui Dennis Pok Man

Beneficial owner

Personal interest

9,100,000

0.1888%

Woo Chiu Man, Cliff

Beneficial owner

Personal interest

2,001,333

0.0415%

Koo Sing Fai

Interest of spouse

Family interest

20,000

0.0004%

Fok Kin Ning, Canning

Note:

Such shares were held by a company which is equally controlled by Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning and his spouse.

(II) Interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the associated
corporations of the Company
Long positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the associated corporations of the
Company
Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning had, as at 31 December 2018, the following interests:
(i)

corporate interests in 5,111,438 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.13% of the issued voting shares, in
CKHH;

(ii)

5,100,000 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.03% of the issued voting shares, in HTAL comprising
personal and corporate interests in 4,100,000 ordinary shares and 1,000,000 ordinary shares respectively; and

(iii)

family interests in 26,740 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.04% of the issued voting shares, in
Hutchison China MediTech Limited (“Chi-Med”), held by his spouse.

2018 Annual Report

43

Information on Directors

Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning held the above personal interests in his capacity as a beneficial owner and held the above
corporate interests through a company which is equally controlled by Mr Fok and his spouse.
Mr Woo Chiu Man, Cliff had, as at 31 December 2018, 8,892 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.0002% of the
issued voting shares, in CKHH, comprising personal interests in 3,420 ordinary shares held in his capacity as a beneficial
owner and family interests in 5,472 ordinary shares held by his spouse.
Mr Lai Kai Ming, Dominic in his capacity as a beneficial owner had, as at 31 December 2018, personal interests in 34,200
ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.0008% of the issued voting shares, in CKHH.
Ms Edith Shih had, as at 31 December 2018, the following interests:
(i)

57,187 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.0014% of the issued voting shares, in CKHH, comprising
personal interests in 52,125 ordinary shares held in her capacity as a beneficial owner and family interests in 5,062
ordinary shares held by her spouse;

(ii)

personal interests in 70,000 ordinary shares and 100,000 American depositary shares (each representing 0.5
ordinary share), in aggregate representing approximately 0.18% of the issued voting shares, in Chi-Med held in her
capacity as a beneficial owner; and

(iii)

personal interests in (a) a nominal amount of US$300,000 in the 7.625% Notes due 2019 issued by Hutchison
Whampoa International (09) Limited; and (b) a nominal amount of US$250,000 in the 4.625% Notes due 2022 issued
by Hutchison Whampoa International (11) Limited held in her capacity as a beneficial owner.

Dr Lan Hong Tsung, David in his capacity as a beneficial owner had, as at 31 December 2018, personal interests in 13,680
ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.0003% of the issued voting shares, in CKHH.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors or Chief Executive of the Company and their respective
associates had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the HTHKH Securities Code, to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange.

44

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Information on Directors

Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the following Directors had interests in certain businesses (apart from the businesses
of the Company or its subsidiaries) which are considered to compete or be likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
principal businesses of the Company or its subsidiaries conducted during the year and are required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules:
•

Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning, Mr Lai Kai Ming, Dominic and Ms Edith Shih were executive directors of CKHH and directors
and/or alternate directors of certain of its subsidiaries which are engaged in telecommunications business.

•

Mr Lui Dennis Pok Man and Mr Woo Chiu Man, Cliff were directors and/or alternate directors of certain subsidiaries of CKHH
which are engaged in telecommunications business.

On 17 April 2009, the Company entered into a non-competition agreement with HWL (the then holding company of the
Company) (the “HWL Non-Competition Agreement”) and a non-competition agreement with HTIL, whereby the parties thereto
agreed, inter alia, to clearly delineate the respective geographical markets and businesses of each of (i) the HWL Group (excluding
HTIL and its subsidiaries (the “HTIL Group”) and the Group); (ii) the HTIL Group; and (iii) the Group within their respective territories
for the purpose of implementing the non-competition restrictions. The exclusive territories of the Group comprised Hong Kong
and Macau. The exclusive territories of the HWL Group (which in substance included those of the HTIL Group following the
privatisation of HTIL in 2010) comprised all the remaining countries of the world.
HWL transferred its rights and obligations under the HWL Non-Competition Agreement to CKHH by novation on 28 December 2015,
as a result of the completion of the reorganisation of the HWL Group on 3 June 2015 whereupon CKHH became the ultimate
holding company of HWL and the Company.

2018 Annual Report

45

Information on Senior Management

CHENG Wai Sin, Suzanne
Chief Financial Officer
CHENG Wai Sin, Suzanne, aged 44, has been Chief Financial Officer of the Group since September 2012. She joined the HWL Group
in November 2002. Ms Cheng is a qualified accountant with membership of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She also holds a Master of Science degree in Finance. Ms Cheng has
more than 21 years of experience in accounting and finance for corporate and banking sectors.

CHUNG Yiu Man, Daniel
Chief Technology Officer
CHUNG Yiu Man, Daniel, aged 51, has been Chief Technology Officer of the Group since June 2008. Mr Chung is responsible
for network engineering, operations, IT development and service management. He holds a Master’s degree in Business
Administration and has more than 28 years of experience in telecommunications.

HO Wai Ming
Chief Executive Officer – Macau
HO Wai Ming, aged 65, has been Chief Executive Officer – Macau of the Group since April 2008. He joined the Group in
March 1994. Mr Ho is responsible for the mobile business in Macau. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical
Engineering and has more than 37 years of experience in telecommunications.

WONG King Yee, Dennis
Corporate & International Business Director
WONG King Yee, Dennis, aged 46, has been Corporate & International Business Director of the Group since re-joining in November
2018. Mr Wong is responsible for the sales and marketing aspects for corporate and international market segments. He holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and has more than 22 years of experience in ICT sales and marketing.

NG May Yuk, Frances
General Manager, Corporate Affairs
NG May Yuk, Frances, aged 58, has been General Manager, Corporate Affairs of the Group since June 2014. She joined the Group
in July 2009. Ms Ng is responsible for all corporate communications affairs. Prior to joining the Group, Ms Ng has extensive
experience in major corporations in Hong Kong in the areas of publicity, promotion and public affairs projects. She holds a
Master’s degree in Business Administration and has more than 34 years of experience in public relations.

Christopher John SANDERSON
Director of Legal Services & Regulatory
Christopher John SANDERSON, aged 54, has been Director of Legal Services & Regulatory of the Group since September 2012.
He joined the HWL Group in December 2001. Mr Sanderson is responsible for legal and regulatory affairs. He holds a Bachelor of
Laws degree and has more than 31 years of experience in legal affairs working in New Zealand, Hong Kong, the United Kingdom
and India.

WONG Chong Sang, Edward
HR & Organisational Development Director
WONG Chong Sang, Edward, aged 55, has been HR & Organisational Development Director of the Group since January 2012.
He joined the HWL Group in April 2001. Mr Wong is responsible for human resources management, people and organisational
development. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and has more than 29 years of experience in human
resources management.

46

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

The Directors have pleasure in submitting to shareholders their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2018.

Principal Activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out on page 155.

Business Review
A fair review of the business of the Group as required under Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), comprising a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year, a description of the principal
risks and uncertainties facing the Group, particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of
the financial year 2018, as well as an indication of likely future development in the business of the Group, are provided in the
following sections:
•

“Financial Highlights” on page 3.

•

“Chairman’s Statement”, “Operations Review”, “Management Discussion and Analysis”, “Group Capital Resources and
Liquidity” and “Key Financial Information” on pages 10 to 25.

•

“Risk Factors” on pages 26 to 27.

•

“Financial Risk Management” in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 111 to 119.

•

Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, an account of the Group’s key relationships with its
stakeholders and the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the
Group are provided in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 28 to 36.

•

“Corporate Governance Report” on pages 60 to 78.

All such discussions form part of this report.

Group Profit
The consolidated income statement is set out on page 84 and shows the profit of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2018.

Dividends
An interim dividend of 3.10 HK cents per share was paid to shareholders on 3 September 2018.
The Directors resolved to declare a one-off special interim dividend of 80.00 HK cents per share, to be payable on Friday,
24 May 2019 to those persons registered as shareholders of the Company at close of business on Wednesday, 15 May 2019,
being the record date for determining shareholders’ entitlement to the special interim dividend.
The Directors also recommended the declaration of a final dividend at the rate of 3.20 HK cents per share, to be payable
on Friday, 24 May 2019 to those persons registered as shareholders of the Company at close of business on Wednesday,
15 May 2019, being the record date for determining shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend.

2018 Annual Report

47

Report of the Directors

Reserves
The reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in notes 29 and 38(a) to the consolidated financial
statements respectively.

Charitable Donations
Donations to charitable organisations by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$1.3 million (2017:
HK$0.7 million).

Directors
As at the date of this report, the Board comprises nine Directors:

Chairman and Non-executive Director
Mr FOK Kin Ning, Canning

Co-Deputy Chairmen and Non-executive Directors
Mr LUI Dennis Pok Man, re-designated from Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director on 1 August 2018
Mr WOO Chiu Man, Cliff, re-designated from Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer on 1 August 2018

Executive Director
Mr KOO Sing Fai (Chief Executive Officer), appointed on 1 August 2018

Non-executive Directors
Mr LAI Kai Ming, Dominic (also Alternate to Mr FOK Kin Ning, Canning and Ms Edith SHIH)
Ms Edith SHIH
Mr MA Lai Chee, Gerald (Alternate to Mr LAI Kai Ming, Dominic)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr CHEONG Ying Chew, Henry (also Alternate to Dr WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna)
Dr LAN Hong Tsung, David
Dr WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna
In accordance with Article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, Mr Koo Sing Fai, who is appointed as an additional director, will
retire at the next following general meeting (i.e. the forthcoming annual general meeting) and, being eligible, offer himself for
re-election.
In accordance with Article 84 of the Articles of Association, Messrs Fok Kin Ning, Canning, Edith Shih and Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.
Details regarding the re-election are set out in the circular to shareholders together with this report.
The Company has received written confirmation from all Independent Non-executive Directors regarding their independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the Independent Non-executive Directors as independent.
The Directors’ biographical details are set out in the “Information on Directors” section of this report.

48

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

Directors’ Service Contracts
None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
Company which is not terminable by the Company within one year and without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.

Permitted Indemnity Provisions
The Articles of Association provide that the Directors shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of
the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they shall or may incur or sustain
by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty. Directors liability insurance is in
place to protect the Directors of the Company or of its subsidiaries against any potential costs and liabilities arising from claims
brought against the Directors. The relevant provisions in the Articles of Association and the Directors liability insurance are in
force during the financial year ended 31 December 2018 and as of the date of this report.

Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the business of the Group to which a subsidiary, fellow
subsidiary or parent company of the Company was a party in which a Director of the Company or his/her connected entity had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

Management Contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year.

Continuing Connected Transactions
On 14 December 2017, the Company and CKHH entered into (i) a master HTHKH telecommunications supplies agreement,
whereby the Company agreed to provide, or to procure its subsidiaries to provide, the Group Telecommunications Supplies (as
defined hereunder) to the CKHH Group; (ii) a master CKHH telecommunications supplies agreement, whereby CKHH agreed
to provide, or to procure other members of the CKHH Group to provide, the CKHH Telecommunications Supplies (as defined
hereunder) to members of the Group; and (iii) a master purchase agreement, whereby CKHH agreed to provide, or to procure
other members of the CKHH Group to provide, the Business Related Supplies (as defined hereunder) to members of the Group
(collectively, the “Master Agreements”), as and when reasonably requested by relevant members of the Group or of the CKHH
Group (as the case may be) for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020:
(a)

“CKHH Group” means CKHH and its subsidiaries from time to time (excluding members of the Group) and such other entities
in which CKHH is from time to time directly or indirectly interested so as to (i) exercise or control the exercise of 30% or
more of the voting power at general meetings of such entities; or (ii) control the composition of a majority of the board of
directors of such entities, and the subsidiaries of such other entities;

(b)

“Group Telecommunications Supplies” include telecommunications products and services of the Group, including mobile
telecommunications products (including mobile handsets and accessories); mobile telecommunications services (including
international direct dialing and roaming services, mobile Wi-Fi and other value-added services); marketing, advertising and
promotional services; and such other telecommunications products and services of the Group as may be agreed between
the Company and CKHH from time to time;

2018 Annual Report

49

Report of the Directors

(c)

“CKHH Telecommunications Supplies” include telecommunications goods and services of the CKHH Group, including
roaming services; and such other telecommunications goods and services of the CKHH Group as may be agreed between
the Company and CKHH from time to time, which exclude the Business Related Supplies; and

(d)

“Business Related Supplies” include goods and services for use in connection with the businesses of the Group, including
billing collection services; dealership services at retail outlets in Hong Kong for sale of handsets and/or telecommunications
services; IT related services, including IT platforms development services, software solutions and applications development
services and other professional services; cash coupons and marketing, advertising and promotional services; equipment
installation and maintenance services; lease and licensing services; and such other goods and services for use in connection
with the businesses of the Group as may be agreed between the Company and CKHH from time to time, which exclude the
CKHH Telecommunications Supplies.

Each of CKHH and the other members of the CKHH Group is a connected person of the Company by virtue of being either a
substantial shareholder of the Company or an associate of CKHH. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Master
Agreements constituted continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing Connected Transactions”) for the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, in respect of which an announcement (the “Announcement”) dated 14 December 2017 was
issued by the Company.
As set out in the Announcement, the caps for the year ended 31 December 2018, and for the two years ending 31 December 2020
in respect of (i) the provision of the Group Telecommunications Supplies to the CKHH Group are HK$93 million, HK$116 million and
HK$140 million respectively; (ii) the Group’s acquisition of the CKHH Telecommunications Supplies are HK$17 million, HK$19 million
and HK$21 million respectively; and (iii) the Group’s acquisition of the Business Related Supplies are HK$33 million, HK$43 million
and HK$57 million respectively.
The annual caps of the Continuing Connected Transactions in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 as stated in the
Announcement and the corresponding aggregate transaction amounts for the year are set out below:

2018 annual cap
(HK$ millions)

Aggregate
transaction
amount
(HK$ millions)

Provision of the Group Telecommunications Supplies to the CKHH Group

93

21

Purchase of the CKHH Telecommunications Supplies by the Group

17

9

Purchase of the Business Related Supplies by the Group

33

14

The internal audit of the Group has reviewed the Continuing Connected Transactions under the Master Agreements for the year
ended 31 December 2018 and the internal control procedures in respect of the negotiation, approval, reporting and monitoring
of these transactions, and is of the view that the controls over the Continuing Connected Transactions for 2018 entered into
by the Group were robust overall, and such transactions were conducted in accordance with the Master Agreements under fair
and reasonable commercial terms. All the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company, after reviewing the Continuing
Connected Transactions entered into by the Group under the Master Agreements during the year ended 31 December 2018 and
the findings provided by the internal audit of the Group, confirmed that such transactions were entered into (i) in the ordinary
and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) according to the respective
agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.

50

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

The Company has engaged its external auditor to report on the Continuing Connected Transactions in accordance with Hong
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audit or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Based on the work performed, the external auditor of the Company has confirmed in its letter to the Board that nothing has come
to its attention that causes it to believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions entered into by the Group under the Master
Agreements during the year ended 31 December 2018 (i) have not been approved by the Board; (ii) were not, in all material
respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group for transactions which involved the provision of goods and services
by the Group; (iii) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the terms of the respective agreements
governing such transactions; and (iv) have exceeded the relevant annual caps in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 as
disclosed in the Announcement.
A summary of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2018 is contained
in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements. All transactions entered into with the CKHH Group and the NTT Group (as
defined and described in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements) fell under the definition of “continuing connected
transactions” under the Listing Rules and are fully exempt from all disclosure requirements, annual review and shareholders’
approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, other than the transactions with the CKHH Group contemplated under the Master
Agreements, which are subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but exempt from the circular and
shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect
to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended
31 December 2018.

Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures
Directors’ and Chief Executive’s interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares and debentures are set out in the
“Information on Directors” section on pages 43 to 44.

2018 Annual Report

51

Report of the Directors

Interests and Short Positions of Shareholders Discloseable under the SFO
So far as the Directors and Chief Executive of the Company are aware, as at 31 December 2018, other than the interests and short
positions of the Directors and Chief Executive of the Company as disclosed in the section titled “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s
Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” under “Information on Directors”, the following
persons had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

(I)

Interests and short positions of substantial shareholders in the shares and underlying shares of the
Company
Long positions in the shares of the Company
Capacity

Number of
shares held

Approximate %
of shareholding

HTHL

Beneficial owner

512,961,149 (1)

10.64%

HTIHL

Beneficial owner

2,619,929,104 (1) )
)
(1)
512,961,149 )
)

Names

Interest of a controlled
corporation

52

65.01%

CKHGI

Interest of controlled
corporations

3,132,890,253 (1)

65.01%

CKHH

Interest of controlled
corporations

3,184,982,840 (1)(2)

66.09%

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

(II) Interests and short positions of other persons in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
Long positions in the shares of the Company
Names
Yuda Limited (“Yuda”)
Mayspin Management Limited
(“Mayspin”)
Li Ka-shing (“Mr Li”)

Capacity

Number of
shares held

Approximate %
of shareholding

Beneficial owner

350,527,953 (3)

7.27%

Interest of controlled
corporations

403,733,953 (4)

8.38%

Founder of
discretionary trusts

153,280 (5) )
)
)
403,979,499 (4)(6) )
)

Interest of controlled
corporations

8.38%

Notes:
(1)

HTHL is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of HTIHL, and its interests in the share capital of the Company are duplicated in the interests of HTIHL. HTIHL in
turn is a direct subsidiary of CKHGI, which in turn is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CKHH. By virtue of the SFO, CKHH and CKHGI were deemed to be
interested in the 2,619,929,104 shares of the Company held by HTIHL and the 512,961,149 shares of the Company held by HTHL.

(2)

Certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited (“Cheung Kong (Holdings)”) hold 52,092,587 shares of the Company. Cheung Kong
(Holdings) is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CKHH. By virtue of the SFO, CKHH and Cheung Kong (Holdings) were deemed to be interested in the
52,092,587 shares of the Company held by certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cheung Kong (Holdings).

(3)

Yuda is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Mayspin, which in turn is a company wholly-controlled by Mr Li. The interests held by Yuda are duplicated in
the interests of Mayspin.

(4)

Mayspin is a company wholly-controlled by Mr Li and is interested in 53,206,000 shares of the Company which are held through certain of its direct whollyowned subsidiaries and 350,527,953 shares of the Company which are held by Yuda. Such interests held by Mayspin are duplicated in the interests of Mr Li.

(5)

Mr Li is the settlor of each of two discretionary trusts (“DT3” and “DT4”). Each of Li Ka-Shing Castle Trustee Corporation Limited (“TDT3”, which is the trustee
of DT3) and Li Ka-Shing Castle Trustcorp Limited (“TDT4”, which is the trustee of DT4) holds units in The Li Ka-Shing Castle Trust (“UT3”) but is not entitled
to any interest or share in any particular property comprising the trust assets of the said unit trust. The discretionary beneficiaries of each of DT3 and DT4
are, inter alia, Mr Victor T K Li, his wife and children, and Mr Li Tzar Kai, Richard. Li Ka-Shing Castle Trustee Company Limited (“TUT3”) as trustee of UT3 holds
153,280 shares of the Company.
The entire issued share capital of TUT3 and the trustees of DT3 and DT4 are owned by Li Ka-Shing Castle Holdings Limited (“Castle Holdco”). Mr Li and
Mr Victor T K Li are respectively interested in one-third and two-thirds of the entire issued share capital of Castle Holdco, TUT3 is interested in the shares of
the Company by reason only of its obligation and power to hold interests in those shares in its ordinary course of business as trustee and, when performing
its functions as trustee, exercises its power to hold interests in the shares of the Company independently without any reference to Castle Holdco or any of
Mr Li and Mr Victor T K Li as a holder of the shares of Castle Holdco as aforesaid. Each of the trustee of DT3 and DT4 holds units in UT3 but is not entitled to
any interest or share in any shares of the Company comprising the trust assets of UT3.
As Mr Li may be regarded as a founder of each of DT3 and DT4 for the purpose of the SFO, and by virtue of the above, Mr Li is taken to have a duty of
disclosure in relation to the 153,280 shares of the Company held by TUT3 as trustee of UT3 under the SFO as a substantial shareholder of the Company.

(6)

Among those shares, 245,546 shares are held by Li Ka Shing (Overseas) Foundation (“LKSOF”). By virtue of the terms of the constituent documents of LKSOF,
Mr Li may be regarded as having the ability to exercise or control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of LKSOF.

2018 Annual Report

53

Report of the Directors

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, there was no other person (other than the Directors and Chief Executive of
the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange.

Share Option Scheme
The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”), conditionally approved and adopted by a resolution of
the then sole shareholder of the Company passed on 6 April 2009, was approved at the extraordinary general meeting of HWL
on 21 May 2009 for the grant of options to acquire ordinary shares of HK$0.25 each in the share capital of the Company. The
Share Option Scheme is valid and effective during the period commencing on 21 May 2009 and ending on 20 May 2019, being
the date falling 10 years from the date on which the Share Option Scheme became unconditional. The Share Option Scheme has a
remaining term of approximately three months as at the date of this report. A summary of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:

54

(1)

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant share options to selected participants as incentives
or rewards for their contribution to the Group, to continue and/or render improved service with the Group and/or to
establish a stronger business relationship between the Group and such participants.

(2)

The Directors (which expression shall include a duly authorised committee thereof) may, at their absolute discretion, invite
any person belonging to any of the following classes of participants to take up share options to subscribe for shares of the
Company:
(a)

any employee or consultant (as to functional areas of finance, business or personnel administration or IT)
(whether full-time or part-time, including any executive director but excluding any non-executive director) of the
Company, any of its subsidiaries or any entity in which any member of the Group holds any equity interest (the
“Invested Entity”);

(b)

any non-executive directors (including independent non-executive directors) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries
or any Invested Entity;

(c)

any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(d)

any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(e)

any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of the
Group or any Invested Entity;

(f)

any shareholders of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any
member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(g)

any other group or classes of participants contributing by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business
arrangement to the development and growth of the Group; and

(h)

any company wholly owned by any one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of participants.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

For the avoidance of doubt, the grant of any options by the Company for the subscription of shares of the Company or other
securities of the Group to any person who falls within any of the above classes of participants shall not, by itself, unless the
Directors otherwise determine, be construed as a grant of share options under the Share Option Scheme.
The eligibility of any of the above classes of participants to an offer for the grant of any share options shall be determined
by the Directors from time to time on the basis of their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.
(3)

A nominal consideration of HK$1.00 is payable on acceptance to an offer for the grant of a share option.

(4)

Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer of grant of the share options to a grantee, there is no
minimum period required under the Share Option Scheme for the holding of a share option before it can be exercised.

(5)

The subscription price for the shares of the Company under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price determined by the
Directors but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the daily
quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange for trade in one or more board lots of the shares of the Company on the date of
the offer of grant of the share options which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of the
Company as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange for trade in one or more board lots of the shares of
the Company for the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant of the share options which
must be a business day; and (iii) the nominal value of share of the Company.

(6)

The maximum number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued pursuant to the Share Option Scheme is
as follows:
(a)

The maximum number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all
outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share
option scheme adopted by the Group must not in aggregate exceed 30% of the relevant class of securities of the
Company (or its subsidiaries) in issue from time to time;

(b)

The total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all share options
(excluding, for this purpose, share options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option
Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group) to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any
other share option scheme of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the relevant class of securities of the
Company (or its subsidiaries) in issue, being 4,814,346,208 ordinary shares, as at 8 May 2009 (the “Listing Date”), the
date on which the shares of the Company were first listed on the Stock Exchange (the “General Scheme Limit”). Based
on the number of shares in issue of the Company on the Listing Date, the General Scheme Limit of the Share Option
Scheme is 481,434,620 shares. As at the date of this report, the total number of shares available for issue under the
Share Option Scheme (including the share options granted but yet to be exercised) was 476,884,620, representing
approximately 9.90% of the shares of the Company in issue;

2018 Annual Report

55

Report of the Directors

(c)

Subject to paragraph (6)(a) above and without prejudice to paragraph (6)(d) below, the Company may seek approval
of its shareholders in general meeting to refresh the General Scheme Limit (a circular containing the information
required by the Listing Rules to be despatched to shareholders of the Company for that purpose) provided that the
total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all share options to
be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not exceed 10% of
the relevant class of securities of the Company (or its subsidiaries) in issue as at the date of approval of the limit and,
for the purpose of calculating the limit, share options (including those outstanding, cancelled, lapsed or exercised
in accordance with the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group) previously granted
under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group will not be counted;

(d)

Subject to paragraph (6)(a) above and without prejudice to paragraph (6)(c) above, the Company may seek separate
approval of its shareholders in general meeting to grant share options under the Share Option Scheme beyond
the General Scheme Limit (a circular containing the information required by the Listing Rules to be despatched to
shareholders of the Company for that purpose) or, if applicable, the extended limit referred to in paragraph (6)(c)
above to participants specifically identified by the Company before such approval is sought; and

(e)

The total number of shares of the Company issued and to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted to
each participant under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group (including both
exercised and outstanding share options) in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of
the Company unless approved by the shareholders in a general meeting of the Company (with such participant and
his associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) abstaining from voting) in compliance with the requirements of the
Listing Rules.

A share option may be accepted by a participant within 21 days from the date of the offer of grant of the share option.
A share option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
determined on the date of offer of grant of the share option and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may
commence, once the offer for the grant is accepted within the prescribed time by the grantee, from the date on which such share
option is deemed to have been granted but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
grant of the share option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.

56

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

Particulars of share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme at the beginning and at the end of the financial year
ended 31 December 2018 and share options granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme during the
year were as follows:

Category of participants

Number
of share
Date of
options
grant of held as at
share 1 January
options(1)
2018

Employees in aggregate

1.6.2009

Total

Number
of share
Lapsed/
options
cancelled held as at
during 31 December
2018
2018

Exercise
period
of share
options

Granted
during
2018

Exercised
during
2018

200,000

–

–

–

200,000 1.6.2009 to
31.5.2019
(both dates
inclusive)

200,000

–

–

–

200,000

Price of share of
the Company
Exercise prior to the prior to the
price grant date exercise date
of share
of share
of share
options(2) options(3)
options
HK$
HK$
HK$
1.00

0.96

N/A

Notes:
(1)

The share options were vested in three tranches, approximately one-third each on 1 June 2009, 23 November 2009 and 23 November 2010 respectively, so long
as the grantee remained an Eligible Participant (as defined in the Share Option Scheme) on each vesting date.

(2)

The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme.

(3)

The stated price was the closing price of the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange on the trading day immediately prior to the date of the grant of the
share options.

As at the date of this report, the Company had 200,000 share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme, representing
approximately 0.0042% of the shares of the Company in issue.
No share option was granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2018.
Apart from the Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2018 was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or its parent company or a subsidiary of the parent company of the Company a party to any arrangements whose
objects are to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any
other body corporate.

Equity-linked Agreements
Other than the Share Option Scheme as disclosed above, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company
issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares
were entered into by the Company or were subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

2018 Annual Report

57

Report of the Directors

Pre-emptive Rights
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

Shares/Debentures Issued
No shares or debentures of the Company were issued during the year.
Details of the share capital of the Company are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities
During the year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of
the Company.

Major Customers and Suppliers
During the year, the percentage of revenue attributable to the five largest customers of the Group combined was less than 30%
of the total revenue of the Group.
During the year, the percentages of purchases attributable to the major suppliers of the Group were as follows:
Percentage of
total purchases
of the Group
The largest supplier
Five largest suppliers combined

68%
84%

As at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of Directors
own more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had any interest in the major suppliers of the Group.

58

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Report of the Directors

Public Float
As at the date of this report, based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the
Directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.

Auditor
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 have been audited by PwC who will retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-appointment at the 2019 annual general meeting.

By Order of the Board

Edith SHIH
Non-executive Director and Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 28 February 2019

2018 Annual Report

59

Corporate Governance Report

The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance best suited to the needs and interests of the
Group as it believes that an effective corporate governance framework is fundamental to promoting and safeguarding interests
of shareholders and other stakeholders and enhancing shareholder value. Accordingly, the Company has adopted and applied
corporate governance principles and practices that emphasise a quality Board, effective risk management and internal controls
systems, stringent disclosure practices, transparency and accountability. It is, in addition, committed to continuously improving
these practices and inculcating an ethical corporate culture.
The Company has complied throughout the year ended 31 December 2018 with all code provisions of the Corporate Governance
Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, other than those in respect of the nomination committee. The
reasons for deviation are explained subsequently in this report.
The Company established a Nomination Committee on 1 January 2019 comprising all Directors. Further details of the Nomination
Committee are set out in the section “Nomination Committee” below.

The Board
Corporate strategy
The primary objective of the Company is to enhance long-term total return for shareholders. Please refer to the Chairman’s
Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis for discussions and analyses of the performance of the Group and the basis
on which the Group generates or preserves value over the longer term, and the basis on which the Group will execute its strategy
for delivering the objective of the Group.

Role of the Board
The Board, which is accountable to shareholders for the long-term performance of the Company, is responsible for directing
and guiding the strategic objectives of the Company and overseeing and monitoring managerial performance of the business.
Directors are charged with the task of promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best
interests of the Company.
The Board, led by the Chairman (Non-executive), Mr Fok Kin Ning, Canning, determines and monitors group-wide strategies and
policies, annual budgets and business plans, evaluates the performance of the Company, and supervises the management of the
Company (“Management”). Management is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the
Chief Executive Officer.

60

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

Board composition
During the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report, the following changes to the Board composition took
place on 1 August 2018:
(a)

Mr Lui Dennis Pok Man was re-designated from his position of Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director as Co-Deputy
Chairman and Non-executive Director;

(b)

Mr Woo Chiu Man, Cliff was re-designated from his position of Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer as Co-Deputy
Chairman and Non-executive Director; and

(c)

Mr Koo Sing Fai was appointed as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer.

As at 31 December 2018, the Board comprised nine Directors, including the Chairman (Non-executive), two Co-Deputy Chairmen
(Non-executive), an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer, two Non-executive Directors and three Independent
Non-executive Directors. Throughout the year, the number of Independent Non-executive Directors on the Board meets the
one-third requirement under the Listing Rules. Information about changes to the Board composition during 2018 are set out in
the section “Report of the Directors” on page 48.
The full Board is responsible for reviewing the structure, size, diversity profile and skills set of the Board and the progress in
achieving the diversity objectives of the Company. The Board as a whole is also responsible for the selection and appointment of
Directors and the review of succession plan for Directors. To this end, the Board is mindful of having an appropriately structured
recruitment, selection and training programme at appropriate levels so as to identify and prepare suitable talents for Board
positions. Further details of the Company’s Board diversity policy and Director nomination policy are set out in the section
“Nomination of Directors” below.
The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board as at 31 December 2018:

9
8

Female

Number of Directors

7

Independent
Nonexecutive
Directors

Over 66

6
5
4

Chinese
Male

3

Nonexecutive
Directors
46-66

2
1
0

Gender

Executive
Director
Designation

Ethnicity

Age Group

Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the “Information on Directors” section on pages 37 to 40 and on the website of
the Company. A list setting out the names of the Directors and their roles and functions is posted on the websites of the Company
and HKEx (www.hkexnews.hk).

2018 Annual Report

61

Corporate Governance Report

Chairman, Co-Deputy Chairmen and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and the Co-Deputy Chairmen are separate from that of the Chief Executive Officer. Such division of
responsibilities reinforces the independence and accountability of these Directors.
The Chairman assisted by the Co-Deputy Chairmen is responsible for providing leadership to, and overseeing the functioning of,
the Board to ensure that it acts in the best interests of the Group and that Board meetings are planned and conducted effectively.
The Chairman is responsible for setting the agenda for each Board meeting, taking into account, where appropriate, matters
proposed by Directors and the Company Secretary. With the support of the Executive Director and the Company Secretary,
the Chairman seeks to ensure that all Directors are properly briefed on issues discussed at Board meetings and provided with
adequate and accurate information in a timely manner. The Chairman promotes a culture of openness and actively encourages
Directors to voice their opinion and be fully engaged in the affairs of the Board so as to contribute to the effective functioning of
the Board. The Board, under the leadership of the Chairman, has adopted good corporate governance practices and procedures
and taken appropriate steps to promote effective communication and ongoing engagement with shareholders and other
stakeholders, as outlined later in this report.
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for managing the businesses of the Group, attending to the formulation and successful
implementation of Group policies and assuming full accountability to the Board for all Group operations. Acting as the principal
manager of the businesses of the Group, the Chief Executive Officer attends to developing strategic operating plans that reflect
the long-term objectives and priorities established by the Board and is directly responsible for maintaining the operational
performance of the Group. Working with the Chief Financial Officer and the executive management team of the Company, the
Chief Executive Officer presents annual budgets to the Board for consideration and approval, and ensures that the Board is
fully apprised of the funding requirements of the businesses of the Group. With the assistance of the Chief Financial Officer, the
Chief Executive Officer sees to it that the funding requirements of the businesses are met and closely monitors the operating
and financial performance of the businesses against plans and budgets, taking remedial action if necessary. He maintains an
ongoing dialogue with the Chairman, the Co-Deputy Chairmen and all Directors to keep them fully informed of all major business
development and issues. He is also responsible for building and maintaining an effective executive management team to support
him in his role.

Board process
The Board meets regularly, and at least four times a year with meeting dates scheduled prior to the beginning of the year.
Between scheduled meetings, senior management of the Group provides to Directors, on a regular basis, monthly updates and
other information with respect to the performance, and business activities and development of the Group. Throughout the year,
Directors participate in the deliberation and approval of routine and operational matters of the Company by way of written
resolutions with supporting explanatory materials, supplemented by additional verbal and/or written information from the
Company Secretary or other executives as and when required. Details of material or notable transactions of subsidiaries and
associated companies are provided to the Directors as appropriate. Whenever warranted, additional Board meetings are held.
In addition, Directors have full access to information on the Group and independent professional advice at all times whenever
deemed necessary by the Directors and they are at liberty to propose appropriate matters for inclusion in Board agendas.
With respect to regular meetings of the Board, Directors receive written notice of the meeting generally about a month in advance
and an agenda with supporting Board papers no less than three days prior to the meeting. For other meetings, Directors are given
as much notice as is reasonable and practicable in the circumstances. Except for those circumstances permitted by the Articles
of Association and the Listing Rules, a Director would abstain from voting on resolutions approving any contract, transaction,
arrangement in which he or she or any of his or her close associates is materially interested and such Director is not counted for
quorum determination purposes.

62

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

The Company held four Board meetings in 2018 with overall attendance of 100%. All Directors (including Non-executive and
Independent Non-executive Directors) attended the annual general meeting of the Company held on 8 May 2018. The attendance
record is set out below:
Board meetings
attended/
Eligible to
attend

Attendance at
2018 AGM

Chairman and Non-executive Director
Fok Kin Ning, Canning

4/4

√

Co-Deputy Chairmen and Non-executive Directors
Lui Dennis Pok Man(1)
Woo Chiu Man, Cliff(1)

4/4
4/4

√
√

1/1

N/A

Non-executive Directors
Lai Kai Ming, Dominic
Edith Shih

4/4
4/4

√
√

Independent Non-executive Directors
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Lan Hong Tsung, David
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

4/4
4/4
4/4

√
√
√

Directors

Executive Director
Koo Sing Fai(2)
(Chief Executive Officer)

Notes:
(1)

Re-designated as Co-Deputy Chairman and Non-executive Director on 1 August 2018

(2)

Appointed on 1 August 2018

In addition to Board meetings, in 2018 the Chairman holds regular meetings with the Executive Director and meets with
Non-executive Directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors) twice without the presence of the Executive Director.
The Non-executive Directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors) freely provide their independent views to
the Board.
Any Director who is appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the next following general meeting
of the Company, or in the case of an additional appointment, until the next following annual general meeting of the Company,
and shall then be eligible for re-election. All Directors are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election by
shareholders at annual general meetings at least about once every three years. A retiring Director is eligible for re-election and
re-election of retiring Directors at general meetings is dealt with by separate resolutions. In addition, all Non-executive Directors
entered into service contracts for an initial term ending on 31 December of the year of their appointments which contracts are
automatically renewed for successive 12-month periods, subject to re-election in accordance with the Articles of Association.
No Director has a service contract with the Company which is not terminable by the Company within one year and without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

2018 Annual Report

63

Corporate Governance Report

Training and commitment
Upon appointment to the Board, Directors receive a package of orientation materials on the Group and are provided with a
comprehensive induction to the businesses of the Group by senior executives.
The Company arranges and provides Continuous Professional Development (“CPD”) training such as seminars, webcasts and
relevant reading materials to Directors to help ensure that they are apprised of the latest changes in the commercial (including
industry-specific and innovative changes), legal and regulatory environment in which the Group conducts its businesses and
to refresh their knowledge and skills on the roles, functions and duties of a listed company director. In addition, attendance at
external forums or briefing sessions (including delivery of speeches) on the relevant topics also counts toward CPD training.
The Directors are required to provide the company with details of the CPD training undertaken by them from time to time. Based
on the details so provided, the CPD training undertaken by the Directors in 2018 is summarised as follows, representing an
average of approximately 11 hours by each Director during the year.
Areas
Legal and
Regulatory

Corporate
Governance

Businesses of
the Group/
Directors’ Duties

Chairman and Non-executive Director
Fok Kin Ning, Canning

√

√

√

Co-Deputy Chairmen and Non-executive Directors
Lui Dennis Pok Man
Woo Chiu Man, Cliff

√
√

√
√

√
√

√

√

√

Non-executive Directors
Lai Kai Ming, Dominic
Edith Shih
Ma Lai Chee, Gerald (Alternate to Lai Kai Ming, Dominic)

√
√
√

√
√
√

√
√
√

Independent Non-executive Directors
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Lan Hong Tsung, David
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

√
√
√

√
√
√

√
√
√

Directors

Executive Director
Koo Sing Fai
(Chief Executive Officer)

All Directors have confirmed that they have given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Group throughout their tenure
during the year. In addition, Directors disclose to the Company in a timely manner their other commitments, such as directorships
in other public companies and major appointments as well as update the Company on any subsequent changes.

64

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

Securities transactions
The Board has adopted its own Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors (the “HTHKH Securities Code”) regulating
Directors’ dealings in securities (Group and otherwise), on terms no less exacting than the required standard of the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquiries
made, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the HTHKH Securities Code in their securities transactions throughout
their tenure during the year.

Board Committees
The Board is supported by three permanent board committees: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee, details of which are described later in this report. The terms of reference for these Committees,
which have been adopted by the Board, are available on the websites of the Company and HKEx. Other board committees are
established by the Board as and when warranted to take charge of specific tasks.

Company Secretary
The Company Secretary is accountable to the Board for ensuring that Board procedures are followed and Board activities are
efficiently and effectively conducted. These objectives are achieved through adherence to proper Board processes and timely
preparation of and dissemination to Directors comprehensive Board meeting agendas and papers. Minutes of all meetings of the
Board and Board Committees are prepared and maintained by the Company Secretary to record in sufficient details the matters
considered and decisions reached by the Board or Board Committees, including any concerns raised or dissenting views voiced
by any Director. All draft and final minutes of Board meetings and meetings of Board Committees are sent to Directors or Board
Committee members as appropriate for comments, approval and records. Board records are available for inspection by any
Director upon request.
The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that the Board is fully apprised of all legislative, regulatory and corporate
governance developments of relevance to the Group and that it takes these developments into consideration when making
decisions for the Group. From time to time, she organises seminars on specific topics of importance and interest and disseminates
reference materials to Directors for their information.
The Company Secretary is also directly responsible for the compliance of the Group with all obligations of the Listing Rules and
Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs, including the preparation, publication and despatch of annual reports and
interim reports within the time limits laid down in the Listing Rules, the timely dissemination to shareholders and the market of
information relating to the Group.
Furthermore, the Company Secretary advises the Directors on connected transactions, notifiable transactions, price-sensitive/
inside information and Directors’ obligation for disclosure of interests and dealings in securities of the Company, to ensure that
the standards and disclosures requirements under the Listing Rules and applicable laws, rules and regulations are complied with
and, where required, reported in the interim and annual reports of the Company.
The Company Secretary also serves a crucial conduit of communications internally and externally. The Company Secretary
conveys the Board’s decisions to the Management from time to time and ensures a good channel of communication with
shareholders. The Company Secretary also works with the Board and Management to assist in responding to regulators in a
timely manner.

2018 Annual Report

65

Corporate Governance Report

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is subject to Board approval. Whilst the Company Secretary reports to the
Chairman, all members of the Board have access to the advice and service of the Company Secretary. Ms Edith Shih is the Company
Secretary and has day-to-day knowledge of the affairs of the Group. She confirms that she has complied with all the required
qualifications, experience and training requirements under the Listing Rules in 2018.

Accountability and Audit
Financial reporting
The annual and interim results of the Company are published in a timely manner, within three months and two months
respectively of the year end and the half-year end.
The responsibility of Directors in relation to the financial statements is set out below. This should be read in conjunction with but
distinguished from, the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 79 to 83 which acknowledges the reporting responsibility of the
auditor of the Group.

Annual report and financial statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of this annual report and financial statements of the Company,
ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair presentation in accordance with the disclosure requirements of the
Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the applicable accounting standards.

Accounting policies
The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements, the Group has applied appropriate accounting policies
that are consistently adopted and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable in accordance with the applicable
accounting standards.

Accounting records
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Group keeps accounting records which disclose the financial position of Group
upon which financial statements of the Group could be prepared in accordance with the accounting policies of the Group.

Safeguarding assets
The Directors are responsible for taking all reasonable and necessary steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent
and detect fraud and other irregularities within the Group.

Going concern
The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, are of the view that the Group has adequate resources to continue in
operational existence for the foreseeable future and that, for this reason, it is appropriate for the Group to adopt the going
concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

66

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three Independent Non-executive Directors who possess the relevant business and financial
management experience and skills to understand financial statements and contribute to the financial governance, internal
controls and risk management of the Company. It is chaired by Mr Cheong with Dr Lan and Dr Wong as members.
The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2018 with 100% attendance.
Members
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman)
Lan Hong Tsung, David
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

Attended/Eligible to attend
4/4
4/4
4/4

Throughout 2018, the Audit Committee discharged the duties and responsibilities under its terms of reference and the CG Code.
Under its terms of reference, the Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Group’s preliminary interim
and annual results, and interim and annual financial statements, reviewing the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems as well as overseeing the relationship between the Company and its external auditors. The Audit Committee is also
required to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance including compliance with
statutory and Listing Rules requirements, review the scope, extent and effectiveness of the activities of internal audit, engage
independent legal and other advisers and conduct investigations as it determines to be necessary.
The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining a high degree of transparency, probity and accountability. In line
with this commitment, the Company expects and encourages employees of the Group and those who deal with the Group
(e.g. customers, suppliers, creditors and debtors) to report to the Company any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice
concerning the Group. In this regard, the Company has adopted the Procedures for Reporting Possible Improprieties in Matters of
Financial Reporting, Internal Control or Other Matters, which is posted on the website of the Company.
The Audit Committee meets with the Chief Financial Officer and other senior management of the Group from time to time in
reviewing the interim and final results, the interim and annual reports, and other financial, internal control, corporate governance
and risk management matters of the Group. It considers and discusses the reports and presentations of Management, the internal
and external auditors of the Group, with a view of ensuring that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared
in accordance with IFRS and the applicable disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
Hong Kong). It also meets at least four times a year with the external auditor of the Group, PwC, to consider the reports of PwC
on the scope, strategy, progress and outcome of its independent review of the interim financial report and annual audit of the
consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Audit Committee holds regular private meetings with the external auditor, the
Chief Financial Officer and internal auditor separately without the presence of Management.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in maintaining effective risk management and internal control systems. It reviews the
process by which the Group evaluates its control environment and risk assessment, and the way in which significant risks
are identified and managed. It receives and considers the presentations of Management in relation to the reviews on the
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and the adequacy of resources, qualifications
and experience of staff in the accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions of the Group, as well as their training
programmes and budgets. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews in conjunction with the Group’s internal auditor the work
plans for its audits together with its resource requirements and considers the internal audit reports to the Audit Committee on
the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems in the business operations of the Group. Further, it receives
the reports from the Company Secretary on the material litigation proceedings and compliance status of the Group on regulatory
requirements. These reviews and reports are taken into consideration by the Audit Committee when it makes its recommendation
to the Board for approval of the consolidated financial statements for the year.

2018 Annual Report

67

Corporate Governance Report

External auditor
The Audit Committee reviews and monitors the external auditor’s independence, objectivity and effectiveness of the audit
process. Each year, the Audit Committee receives a letter from the external auditor confirming its independence and objectivity.
It holds meetings with representatives of the external auditor to consider the scope of its audit, approve its fees, and the scope
and appropriateness of non-audit services, if any, to be provided by it. The Audit Committee also makes recommendations to the
Board on the appointment and retention of the external auditor.
The policy of the Group regarding the engagement of its external auditors for the various services listed below is as follows:
•

Audit services – include audit services provided in connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements. All
such services are to be provided by the external auditor.

•

Audit related services – include services that would normally be provided by an external auditor but not generally included
in audit fees, for example, audits of the pension plans of the Group, accounting advice related to mergers and acquisitions,
internal control reviews of systems and/or processes, and issuance of special audit reports for tax or other purposes.
The external auditor is to be invited to undertake those services that must be undertaken, or is otherwise best placed, to
undertake in its capacity as auditor.

•

Taxation related services – include all tax compliance and tax planning services, except for those services which are provided
in connection with the audit. The Group engages the services of the external auditor where it is best suited. All other
significant taxation related work is undertaken by other parties as appropriate.

•

Other services – include, for example, financial due diligence, review of actuarial reports and calculations, risk management
diagnostics and assessments, and non-financial system consultations. The external auditor is also permitted to assist
Management and the internal auditor with internal investigations and fact-finding into alleged improprieties. These
services are subject to specific approval by the Audit Committee.

•

General consulting services – the external auditor is not eligible to provide services involving general consulting work.

An analysis of the fees of PwC and other external auditors is shown in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. For the
year ended 31 December 2018, the total fees to PwC amounted to approximately HK$7 million, which were primarily for audit
services and those for non-audit services amounted to approximately HK$0.3 million, representing approximately 4% of the total
fees (audit and non-audit).

Audit Report on the Annual Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 have been audited by PwC in
accordance with International Standards on Auditing issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The unqualified
auditor’s report is set out on pages 79 to 83. The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2018 have also been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

68

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

Risk Management, Internal Control and Legal & Regulatory Compliance
Role of the Board
The Board has overall responsibility for the systems of risk management, internal control and legal and regulatory compliance
of the Group.
In meeting its responsibilities, the Board seeks to inculcate risk awareness across the business operations of the Group and
has put in place policies and procedures, including parameters of delegated authority, which provide a framework for the
identification and management of risks. The Board evaluates and determines the nature and extent of risks that the Company is
willing to accept in pursuit of the strategic and business objectives of the Group. It also reviews and monitors the effectiveness
of the systems of risk management and internal control on an ongoing basis. The reporting and review processes include
review by the Executive Director and the Board of budgets, strategic plans, and detailed operational and financial reports as
provided by business unit management as well as review by the Audit Committee of ongoing work of internal audit and risk
management functions.
On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee also regularly reviews the corporate governance structure and practices within the
Group and monitors compliance fulfillment on an ongoing basis. To assist the Audit Committee in discharging its responsibilities,
a Governance Working Group chaired by a Director and Company Secretary, comprising representatives from key departments of
the Company, continuously provides updates, identifies emerging matters of compliance, and establishes appropriate compliance
policies and procedures for group-wide adoption. During the year, the Company reviewed the key risk areas within the Group in
light of the current antitrust and competition law regime. Practical trainings, internal control measures, guidelines and policies
tailor-made for key business units were put in place to strengthen the compliance program of the Group in these areas. The Audit
Committee is satisfied that the Company has complied throughout the year with all code provisions of the CG Code, other than
those in respect of the nomination committee as explained in this report.
Whilst these procedures are designed to identify and manage risks that could adversely impact the achievement of the
business objectives of the Group, they do not provide absolute assurance against material mis-statement, errors, losses, fraud
or non-compliance.

Risk management
Based on the COSO (the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission) model, the Company establishes
its Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework to support the delivery of the Group’s business and strategic objectives. The
framework facilitates a systematic approach in identifying, assessing and managing risks within the Group, be they of strategic,
financial, operational or compliance nature.
The Group’s risk management is a continuous process integrated seamlessly into the day-to-day activities at all levels of the
group companies. There is ongoing communication between the executive management of the Group and the business units
on the current and emerging risks, their plausible impact and mitigation measures so as to institute additional controls and
deploy appropriate insurance instruments to minimise or transfer the impact of risks to the Group’s business. In addition,
the Group’s Directors and officers are protected against potential personal legal liabilities through the Directors and Officers
Liability Insurance.

2018 Annual Report

69

Corporate Governance Report

In terms of formal risk review and reporting, the Company adopts a “top-down and bottom-up” approach, involving input
from each major business unit as well as discussions and reviews by the Executive Director and the Board, through the Audit
Committee. More specifically, on a half-yearly basis, each major business unit is responsible for formally identifying the
significant risks their business faces, measuring them against a defined set of criteria, and considering likelihood of occurrence
and potential impact to the business, whilst the Executive Director provides input after taking a holistic assessment of all the
significant risks that the Group faces. Relevant risk information including key mitigation measures and plans are recorded in a risk
register to facilitate the ongoing review and tracking of progress.
The composite risk register together with the risk heat map, as part of the Risk Management Report, are submitted to the Audit
Committee for review on a half-yearly basis. The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, reviews the nature and extent of the
significant risks facing the Group, and provides input as and where appropriate so as to ensure effective risk management system
in place.
Pages 26 to 27 of this report provide a description of the risk factors of the Group which could affect the financial condition or
results of operations of the Group that differ materially from expected or historical results.

Internal control environment
Executive and Non-executive Directors are appointed to the boards of all material operating subsidiaries and associated
companies for monitoring those companies, including attendance at board meetings, review and approval of budgets and
plans, and business strategies with associated risks identified and setting of key business performance targets. The executive
management team is accountable for the conduct and performance of their business within the agreed strategies. The Executive
Director monitors the performance and reviews the risk profiles of the group companies on an on-going basis.
The internal control procedures of the Group include a comprehensive system for reporting information to the executive
management team of each business unit and the Executive Director.
Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of individual businesses and subject to review and approval
by both the executive management team and the Executive Director as part of the five-year corporate planning cycle. Reforecasts
for the current year are prepared on a quarterly basis, reviewed for variances to the budget and for approval. When setting
budgets and reforecasts, management identifies, evaluates and reports on the likelihood and potential financial impact of
significant business risks.
The Executive Director reviews monthly management reports on the financial results and key operating statistics of each
business and holds monthly meetings with the executive management team and senior management of business operations to
review these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, significant business risk sensitivities and strategies. In
addition, the Chief Financial Officer and finance managers of the business operations have monthly meetings to review monthly
performance against budget and forecast, and to address accounting and finance related matters.
The Group maintains a centralised cash management system for its subsidiary operations and the finance department oversees
the investment and lending activities of the Group. Treasury reports on cash and liquid investments, borrowings and movements
thereof are distributed weekly.
The Group has established guidelines and procedures for the approval and control of expenditures. Operating expenditures are
subject to overall budget control and are controlled within each business with approval levels set by reference to the level of
responsibility of each executive and officer. Capital expenditures are subject to overall control within the annual budget review
and approval process, and more specific control and approval by the Chief Financial Officer or Executive Director are required prior
to commitment for unbudgeted expenditures and material expenditures within the approved budget. Monthly reports of actual
versus budgeted and approved expenditures are also reviewed.

70

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

In terms of formal review of the internal control system of the Group, an internal control self-assessment process is in place,
requiring the executive management team and senior management of each major business unit to review, evaluate and
declare the effectiveness of the internal controls over the operations and devise action plans to address the issues, if any. These
assessment results, together with the Risk Management Report as mentioned earlier and the independent assessments by the
auditors, form part of the bases on which the Audit Committee formulates its opinion on the effectiveness of risk management
and internal control systems of the Group.

Legal and regulatory compliance
The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses are operated in compliance with local and international laws, rules and
regulations. The legal department has the responsibility of safeguarding the legal interests of the Group. It monitors the
day-to-day legal affairs of the Group, including preparing, reviewing and approving all legal and corporate secretarial
documentation of group companies, working in conjunction with finance, tax, treasury, corporate secretarial and business unit
personnel on the review and co-ordination process, and advising management of legal and commercial issues of concern. In
addition, the legal department is responsible for overseeing regulatory compliance matters of all Group companies. It analyses
and monitors the regulatory frameworks within which the Group operates, including reviewing applicable laws and regulations
and preparing and submitting response or filings with relevant regulatory and/or government authorities on regulatory issues
and consultations. In addition, the department prepares and updates internal policies and conducts tailor-made workshops
where necessary so as to strengthen the internal controls and compliance procedures of the Group. The legal department reports
to the group legal department of the holding company of the Group on all material legal, regulatory and corporate secretarial
matters and it determines and approves in conjunction with the group legal department of the holding company of the Group
the engagement of external legal advisors, ensuring the requisite professional standards are adhered to as well as the most cost
effective services are rendered. Further, the legal department organises and holds continuing education seminars/conferences
on legal and regulatory matters of relevance to the Group for Directors, business executives and the legal and corporate
secretarial teams.
On the listed company level, the Group is subject to the Listing Rules, the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs,
the Cayman Islands Companies Law, the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the SFO. The legal
department is vigilant with the legal requirements under these statutes, rules and regulations.

Code of Ethics and handling of inside information
The Group places utmost importance on the ethical, personal and professional standards of the Directors and employees of
the Group. In addition to the various policies adopted and implemented by the Group imposing requirements on Directors and
employees to conduct themselves in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, every employee is required to
undertake to adhere to the Code of Ethics, and is expected to meet the highest standards of behaviour including avoiding conflict
of interest, discrimination or harassment and bribery and corruption. Employees are required to report any non-compliance with
the Code of Ethics in accordance with the established reporting and escalation procedures.
With a view to identifying, handling and disseminating inside information in compliance with the SFO, additional procedures –
including pre-clearance on dealing in the securities of the Company by designated members of Management, notification of
regular blackout period and securities dealing restrictions to relevant Directors and employees, identification of project by code
name and dissemination of information to stated purpose and on a need-to-know basis – have also been implemented by the
Group to guard against possible mishandling of inside information within the Group.

2018 Annual Report

71

Corporate Governance Report

Internal Audit
The internal auditor, reporting directly to the Audit Committee, provides independent assurance as to the existence and
effectiveness of the risk management and internal controls systems in the business operations of the Group. By applying risk
assessment methodology and taking into account the dynamics of the activities of the Group, internal audit devises its yearly
audit plan which is reviewed by the Audit Committee, and continually reassesses the plan during the year to ensure that adequate
resources are deployed and the objectives of the plan are met. Internal audit is responsible for assessing the risk management
and internal control systems of the Group, including reviewing the continuing connected transactions of the Company (refer to
pages 49 to 51 of this report for more details), formulating an impartial opinion on the systems, and reporting its findings to the
Audit Committee, the Executive Director and the executive management team concerned as well as following up on the issues to
ensure that they are satisfactorily resolved. In addition, internal audit maintains a regular dialogue with the external auditor so
that the parties are aware of the significant factors which may affect their respective scope of work.
Depending on the nature of business and risk exposure of individual business units, the scope of work performed by internal audit
includes financial, IT, operations, and regulatory compliance reviews, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations, as well as
productivity efficiency reviews.
Reports from the external auditor on internal controls and relevant financial reporting matters are presented to the internal
auditor and, as appropriate, to the Chief Financial Officer. These reports are reviewed and appropriate actions are taken.
The Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 covering all material controls, including financial, operational
and compliance controls, and is satisfied that such systems are effective and adequate. In addition, it has reviewed and is satisfied
with the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of the staff of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting
function of the Group, and their training programmes and budget.

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises three members with expertise in human resources and personnel emoluments.
It is chaired by Dr Lan, an Independent Non-executive Director, with the Chairman, Mr Fok and Mr Cheong, an Independent
Non-executive Director as members. The composition of the Remuneration Committee meets the requirements of chairmanship
and independence under the Listing Rules. The Remuneration Committee meets towards the end of each year to determine
the remuneration package of Directors and senior management of the Group. Remuneration matters are also considered and
approved by way of written resolutions and where warranted, at additional meetings.
The Remuneration Committee held one meeting in 2018 with 100% attendance.
Members
Lan Hong Tsung, David (Chairman)
Fok Kin Ning, Canning
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry

72

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Attended/Eligible to attend
1/1
1/1
1/1

Corporate Governance Report

The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to assist the Board in achieving its objective of attracting, retaining and
motivating a broader and more diverse pool of employees of the highest calibre and experience needed to shape and execute
the strategy of the Group. It assists the Group in the administration of a fair and transparent procedure for setting remuneration
policies for all Directors and senior executives of the Group. Whilst the Board retains its power to determine the remuneration of
Non-executive Directors, the responsibility for reviewing and determining the remuneration package of the Executive Director
and senior management of the Group is delegated to the Remuneration Committee.
During the year, the Remuneration Committee reviewed background information on market data (including economic indicators,
statistics and the Remuneration Bulletin), the business activities and human resources issues, and headcount and staff costs of the
Group. It also reviewed and approved the 2019 director’s fees for Executive Director and made recommendation to the Board on
the directors’ fees for Non-executive Directors. Prior to the end of the year, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and approved
the year end bonus and 2019 remuneration package of the Executive Director and senior executives of the Group. The Executive
Director does not participate in the determination of his own remuneration.

Remuneration policy
The remuneration of Directors and senior executives of the Group is determined with reference to their expertise and experience
in the industry, the performance and profitability of the Group as well as remuneration benchmarks from other local and
international companies and prevailing market conditions. The Executive Director and employees also participate in bonus
arrangements which are determined in accordance with the performance of the Group and the individual’s performance.

2018 remuneration
Directors’ emoluments comprise payments to Directors by the Group. The emoluments of each of the Directors exclude amounts
received from subsidiaries of the Group and paid to the Company, a subsidiary or an intermediate holding company of the
Company. Details of emoluments paid to each Director in 2018 are set out below:
Basic salaries,
allowances and
Director’s fees benefits-in-kind(6)
HK$ millions
HK$ millions

Directors

Bonuses
HK$ millions

Provident fund
contributions
HK$ millions

Inducement or
compensation
fees
HK$ millions

Total
emoluments
HK$ millions

Fok Kin Ning, Canning (1)(4)

0.09

–

–

–

–

0.09

Lui Dennis Pok Man (1)

0.07

–

–

–

–

0.07

Woo Chiu Man, Cliff (1)(5)(7)

0.07

2.54

3.50

0.18

–

6.29

0.03

1.07

0.93

0.08

–

2.11

0.07

–

–

–

–

0.07

0.07

–

–

–

–

0.07

0.16

–

–

–

–

0.16

Lan Hong Tsung, David (2)(3)(4)

0.16

–

–

–

–

0.16

(2)(3)

0.14

–

–

–

–

0.14

0.86

3.61

4.43

0.26

–

9.16

Koo Sing Fai

(5)(8)

Lai Kai Ming, Dominic (1)(5)
Edith Shih

(1)

Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna
Total

(2)(3)(4)

2018 Annual Report

73

Corporate Governance Report

Notes:
(1)

Non-executive Director

(2)

Independent Non-executive Director

(3)

Member of the Audit Committee

(4)

Member of the Remuneration Committee

(5)

Directors’ fees received by these Directors from subsidiaries of the Group during the period they served as directors that have been paid to the Company, a
subsidiary or an intermediate holding company of the Company are not included in the amounts above.

(6)

Benefits-in-kind included insurance and transportation

(7)

Re-designated as Non-executive Director on 1 August 2018

(8)

Appointed on 1 August 2018

The remuneration paid to the members of senior management by bands in 2018 is set out below:
Remuneration bands
HK$1 to HK$500,000
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000
HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000
HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000
HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000

Number of individual
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

Nomination of Directors
Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 1 January 2019 which comprises all Directors and is chaired by the
Chairman of the Board. Its composition deviates from code provision A.5.1 which requires the nomination committee to comprise
a majority of independent non-executive directors. The Board is of the view that the ultimate responsibility for the selection,
nomination and appointment of Directors rests with the Board as a whole and it is in the best interests of the Company that the
Board collectively reviews, determines and approves the structure, size and composition of the Board as well as the succession
plan for Directors, as and when appropriate. A sub-committee, chaired by the Chairman of the Board comprising two Independent
Non-executive Directors in compliance with the code provision requirement under the Listing Rules for a nomination committee,
will be established as and when required to facilitate the Nomination Committee in the conduct of the selection and nomination
process, and will be dissolved after the purpose for which it is established is achieved or discontinued.
The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size, diversity profile and skills set of the Board
against its needs and make recommendations on the composition of the Board to achieve the Company corporate strategy as
well as promote shareholder value. It facilitates the Board in the conduct of the selection and nomination of Directors, makes
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors. It also
assesses the independence of Independent Non-executive Directors having regard to the criteria under the Listing Rules.

74

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

Before the establishment of the Nomination Committee, the Board was tasked with ensuring that it has a balanced composition
of skills set and experience appropriate for the requirements of the businesses of the Group and that appropriate individuals
with relevant expertise and leadership qualities are appointed to the Board to complement the capabilities of existing Directors.
During year 2018, the Board as a whole reviewed the succession plan for Directors, including the Chairman of the Board and the
Chief Executive Officer, and made recommendation on re-appointment of retiring Directors. It has also assessed the independence
of all the Independent Non-executive Directors and considered all of them to be independent having regard to (i) their
annual confirmation on independence as required under the Listing Rules; (ii) the absence of involvement in the day-to-day
management of the Company; and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the exercise
of their independent judgment.
The Board has adopted a Board diversity policy which recognises the benefits of a Board that possesses a balance of skills set,
experience, expertise and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the strategies of the Company. The Company believes that
board diversity enhances decision-making capability and thus the overall effectiveness of the Board in achieving sustainable
business operation and enhancing shareholder value.
Board appointment has been, and will continue to be, made based on merit and attributes that the selected candidate will bring
to the Board to complement and expand the competencies, experience and perspectives of the Board as a whole, taking into
account the corporate strategy of the Company and the benefits of various aspects of diversity, including gender, age, culture,
ethnicity, educational background, professional experience and other factors that the Board may consider relevant from time to
time towards achieving a diversified Board.
The Board diversity policy is available on the website of the Group. The Board reviews and monitors from time to time the
implementation of the policy to ensure its continued effectiveness.
In February 2019, the Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills set, knowledge
and experience) of the Board, and performed an assessment on the independence of all the Independent Non-executive Directors
with the conclusion that all of them are independent. It also established a sub-committee comprising the Chairman of the Board
and two Independent Non-executive Directors, Dr Lan and Dr Wong which reviewed and recommended to the Board on the
re-election of retiring Directors at the 2019 annual general meeting.

Director Nomination Policy
The Board has formalised the Company’s existing approach and procedures and adopted a Director nomination policy on
1 January 2019 to ensure that, with the support of the newly established Nomination Committee and its sub-committee, proper
selection and nomination processes are in place for the appointment of additional and replacement Directors and re-election
of Directors.
As noted above, the Nomination Committee will, on an ad hoc basis, establish a sub-committee with members from the
Nomination Committee who possess the relevant expertise as it considers appropriate, when the need to select, nominate or
re-elect Directors arises. In the determination of the suitability of a candidate, the sub-committee will consider the potential
contributions a candidate can bring to the Board in terms of skills set, experience, expertise, independence, age, culture, ethnicity,
gender and such other factors that it may consider appropriate for a position on the Board. The sub-committee will provide
updated information and status of progress to the Nomination Committee/Board throughout the determination process as and
when appropriate. The Board will take into consideration the benefits of a diversified Board when selecting Board candidates.

2018 Annual Report

75

Corporate Governance Report

If the Board determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, the relevant sub-committee will deploy multiple
channels for identifying suitable director candidates, including referral from Directors, shareholders, management, advisors of
the Company and external executive search firms. Where a retiring Director, being eligible, offers himself/herself for re-election,
the relevant sub-committee will consider and, if appropriate, recommend such retiring Director to stand for re-election at a
general meeting. A circular containing the requisite information on such retiring Director will be sent to shareholders prior to a
general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules. Shareholders may nominate a person to stand for election as a Director at
a general meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations. The procedures for such
proposal are posted on the website of the Company.
The Director Nomination Policy is available on the website of the Company. The Board will from time to time review the Director
Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory
requirements and good corporate governance practices.

Relationship with Shareholders and Other Stakeholders
The Group actively promotes investor relations and communication with the investment community throughout the year. The
Group is committed to enhancing investor engagement and communications. Through the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Financial Officer, the Investor Relations Department and the Corporate Secretarial team, the Group responds to requests for
information and queries from the investment community including shareholders, analysts and the media through regular briefing
meetings, announcements, conference calls and presentations. A policy on shareholders’ communication, which is available on
the website of the Company, has been adopted and is subject to regular review by the Board to ensure its effectiveness and
compliance with the prevailing regulatory and other requirements.
The Board is committed to providing clear and full information on the Group to shareholders through the publication of notices,
announcements, circulars, interim and annual reports. The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company are
published on the websites of the Company and HKEx. Moreover, additional information on the Group is available to shareholders
and stakeholders through the Investor Relations page on the website of the Company.
The Board formalised and adopted a dividend policy for the Company which took effect from 1 January 2019. The Board
recognises the benefits of providing shareholders with dividends linked to the underlying earnings performance of the business.
This is pursued to deliver value to the shareholders while maintaining a sustainable financial position and healthy operating
cash flow. Subject to business conditions, market opportunities and maintenance of the Company’s strong financial position,
the Company has adopted a policy of paying regular dividends with a normal target payout ratio of 75% of recurring profit
attributable to shareholders for the year.
Shareholders are encouraged to attend all general meetings of the Company. Pursuant to article 58 of the Articles of Association,
any shareholder holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company has statutory rights to call for extraordinary general meetings and put forward agenda items for
consideration by shareholders, by sending the Board or the Company Secretary at the principal place of business a written request
for such general meetings, signed by the shareholders concerned together with the proposed agenda items and such meeting
shall be held within two months of the deposit of such requisition.

76

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Corporate Governance Report

All substantive resolutions at general meetings are decided on a poll which is conducted by the Company Secretary and
scrutinised by the Hong Kong Share Registrar of the Company. The results of the poll are published on the websites of the
Company and HKEx. In addition, regular updated financial, business and other information on the Group is made available on the
website of the Company for shareholders and stakeholders.
The last shareholders’ meeting of the Company was the 2018 Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”), which was held on
8 May 2018 at Harbour Grand Kowloon, and attended by PwC and all Directors, including the respective chairman of the Board,
the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee with attendance rate of 100%. Directors are requested and encouraged
to attend shareholders’ meetings albeit presence overseas for the Group businesses or unforeseen circumstances might prevent
Directors from so doing.
Separate resolutions were proposed at the AGM on each substantive issue and the percentage of votes cast in favour of such
resolutions as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 8 May 2018 are set out below:
Resolutions proposed at the AGM
1
2
3(a)
3(b)
3(c)
3(d)
4
5
6
7

Adoption of the audited financial statements together with the report of the Directors
and the report of the Independent Auditor for the year ended 31 December 2017
Declaration of a final dividend
Re-election of Mr LUI Dennis Pok Man as a Director
Re-election of Dr LAN Hong Tsung, David as a Director
Re-election of Dr WONG Yick Ming, Rosanna as a Director
Authorisation of the board of directors to fix the Directors’ remuneration
Re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Auditor and authorisation
of the board of directors to fix the Auditor’s remuneration
Granting of a general mandate to the directors to issue new shares
of the Company
Granting of a general mandate to the directors to repurchase shares
of the Company
Extension of the general mandate to the directors to issue additional shares
of the Company

Percentage of votes
99.99%
99.99%
99.89%
99.93%
99.93%
99.99%
99.91%
96.10%
99.99%
95.96%

Accordingly, all resolutions put to shareholders at the AGM were passed. The results of the voting by poll were published on the
websites of the Company and HKEx.
Other corporate information relating to the Company is set out in the “Information for Shareholders” section of this report.
This includes, among others, dates for key corporate events for 2019 and public float capitalisation as at 31 December 2018.
The Group values feedback from shareholders on its efforts to promote transparency and foster investor relationship. Comments
and suggestions to the Board or the Company are welcome and can be addressed to the Investor Relations Manager or the
Company Secretary by mail to 48th Floor, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong or by e-mail at ir@hthkh.com.

2018 Annual Report

77

Corporate Governance Report

Environmental, Social and Governance Responsibility
The Group is committed to the long-term sustainability of its businesses and the communities in which it conducts business.
It has adopted a proactive approach to ESG responsibility and has established a working group chaired by a Director comprising
representatives from key departments of the Company to spearhead the ESG initiatives and activities of the Group and continually
enhance the Group’s ESG efforts. The ESG Report of the Group is set out on pages 28 to 36 of this report.

By Order of the Board

Edith SHIH
Non-executive Director and Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 28 February 2019

78

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 84 to 155, which comprise:
•
•
•
•
•
•

the consolidated and Company statements of financial position as at 31 December 2018;
the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and of
the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated profit and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in accordance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
IESBA Code.

2018 Annual Report

79

Independent Auditor’s Report

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.
Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:
•
Goodwill; and
•
Revenue recognition.
Key Audit Matter

How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Goodwill

Refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements
As at 31 December 2018, the Group had goodwill amounted
to HK$2,155 million.

The procedures to evaluate the Group’s assessments
included:

Goodwill with an indefinite useful life is subject to
impairment assessments annually and when there is an
indication of impairment.

•

Assessing the appropriateness of the valuation
methodologies used;

•

Assessing the reasonableness of key assumptions
and discount rates based on our knowledge of the
business and industry;

•

P e r fo r m i n g s e n s i t i v i t y a n a l y s e s o n t h e key
assumptions where we flexed the growth rates and
discount rates as these are the key assumptions
against which the value-in-use calculations are most
sensitive to; and

•

Testing source data on a sample basis to supporting
evidence, such as approved budgets and available
market data and considering the reasonableness of
these budgets.

In carrying out the impairment assessments, significant
judgements are required to estimate the future cash flows of
the Group’s telecommunications businesses and to determine
the key assumptions, including the growth rate used in
the cash flow projections and the EBITDA multiples used in
determining the terminal values, and the discount rates applied
to bring the future cash flows back to their present values.
Based on the results of these impairment assessments
conducted by the Group, it is believed that there is sufficient
headroom and therefore there is no impairment of goodwill.
This conclusion is based on the recoverable amounts
exceeding the book amount of the cash generating units
including goodwill and telecommunications related assets.
The significant assumptions are disclosed in note 14 to the
consolidated financial statements.

80

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

We found the assumptions adopted in relation to
the impairment assessments to be supportable and
reasonable based on available evidence.

Independent Auditor’s Report

Key Audit Matter

How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue recognition

Refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements
The Group recognised revenue of HK$7,912 million from the
provision of mobile telecommunications services and from
hardware sales during the year ended 31 December 2018.
Significant effort was spent auditing the revenue recognised
by the Group because the systems are complex and involve
frequent changes in tariff structure. In addition, there is a
large volume of transactions arising from a combination
of different hardware or services sold, some of which are
bundled transactions under contracts with customers, and
these are processed through a number of different systems.
The Group has adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers from 1 January 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. Significant management judgement
is required to assess the relative standalone selling price of
each performance obligation to allocate revenue to distinct
goods or services identified in the contracts with customers.

The procedures performed in addressing the risk around
the accuracy of revenue recognised included:
•

Testing the IT environment in which billing, rating
and other relevant support systems reside;

•

Testing a sample of transaction records in the
systems to the respective customer contracts,
underlying invoices and cash receipts;

•

Assessing the judgements exercised by the Group
when allocating revenue to each performance
obligation identified in the contracts with customers,
by reference to the standalone selling price of each
performance obligation and other observable data;
and

•

Evaluating and testing the new processes and
controls with respect to the application of IFRS 15,
including the key controls over the accuracy of
calculation and allocation of revenue to each
performance obligation identified in the contracts
with customers.

We found the revenue recorded to be supportable by the
available evidence.

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

2018 Annual Report

81

Independent Auditor’s Report

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs and that comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

82

•

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal control.

•

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the directors.

•

Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Independent Auditor’s Report

•

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.

•

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Sung Lai, Arthur.

PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 28 February 2019

2018 Annual Report

83

Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2018

Note

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

5

6,752
(2,841)
(482)
(277)
(3,004)
(1,951)

Continuing operations
Revenue
Cost of inventories sold
Staff costs
Expensed customer acquisition and retention costs
Depreciation and amortisation
Other operating expenses

7

8

7,912
(4,201)
(374)
(160)
(768)
(2,093)

Interest and other finance income
Interest and other finance costs
Share of result of a joint venture

9
9
20

316
214
(21)
(4)

(1,803)
59
(119)
(6)

Profit/(loss) before taxation
Taxation

10

505
(72)

(1,869)
288

433

(1,581)

–

5,935

Profit for the year

433

4,354

Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company
Non-controlling interests

404
29

4,766
(412)

433

4,354

404
–

(1,169)
5,935

404

4,766

8.38
–

(24.26)
123.16

8.38

98.90

8.38
–

(24.26)
123.16

8.38

98.90

Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Profit for the year from discontinued operations

31(a)

Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of
the Company arises from:
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations

Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of
the Company (expressed in HK cents per share):
– Basic earnings/(losses) per share arises from
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations

– Diluted earnings/(losses) per share arises from
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations

11

11

Details of interim dividend paid, special interim dividend and proposed final dividend payable to shareholders of the Company
are set out in Note 12. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
84

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2018

Profit for the year

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

433

4,354

Other comprehensive income
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to income statement
in subsequent periods:
– Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement
in subsequent periods:
– Currency translation differences
– Cumulative translation adjustments released upon disposal of subsidiaries

2

106

(2)
–

4
11

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

433

4,475

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company
Non-controlling interests

404
29

4,886
(411)

433

4,475

404
–

(1,064)
5,950

404

4,886

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to shareholders of
the Company arises from:
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

2018 Annual Report

85

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2018

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Telecommunications licences
Customer acquisition and retention costs
Contract assets
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Investment in a joint venture

Note

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20

2,194
2,155
2,289
132
130
300
258
396

2,017
2,155
2,542
–
–
214
338
434

7,854

7,700

9,555
546
276
107

13,717
950
–
125

10,484

14,792

–
1,755
132
16

3,900
2,304
–
3

1,903

6,207

288

330

288

330

16,147

15,955

Total non-current assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade receivables and other current assets
Contract assets
Inventories

21
22
17
23

Total current assets
Current liabilities
Borrowings
Trade and other payables
Contract liabilities
Current income tax liabilities

24
25
26

Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Licence fees liabilities and other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Net assets

86

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

27

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

Note

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

28
29

1,205
14,771

1,205
14,639

Total shareholders’ funds

15,976

15,844

Non-controlling interests

171

111

16,147

15,955

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital
Reserves

Total equity
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

LUI Dennis Pok Man
Director

KOO Sing Fai
Director

2018 Annual Report

87

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2018

Attributable to shareholders of the Company
Retained
earnings/ Cumulative
Non–
Share
Share (accumulated translation
Pension
Other
controlling
Total
capital premium
losses) adjustments
reserve
reserves
Total interests
equity
HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions HK$ millions
At 31 December 2017, previously reported
Changes in accounting policies (Note 2(c)(iii))

1,205
–

11,185
–

3,310
96

2
–

138
–

4
–

15,844
96

111
31

15,955
127

At 1 January 2018

1,205

11,185

3,406

2

138

4

15,940

142

16,082

Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Currency translation differences

–

–

404

–

–

–

404

29

433

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
(2)

2
–

–
–

2
(2)

–
–

2
(2)

Total comprehensive income, net of tax

–

–

404

(2)

2

–

404

29

433

Dividend paid (Note 12)

–

–

(368)

–

–

–

(368)

–

(368)

At 31 December 2018

1,205

11,185

3,442

–

140

4

15,976

171

16,147

At 1 January 2017

1,205

11,185

(886)

(13)

28

(41)

11,478

583

12,061

–

–

4,766

–

–

–

4,766

(412)

4,354

Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Currency translation differences
Cumulative translation adjustments released upon
disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
4

105
–

–
–

105
4

1
–

106
4

–

–

–

11

–

–

11

–

11

Total comprehensive income, net of tax

–

–

4,766

15

105

–

4,886

(411)

4,475

Disposal of subsidiaries
Dividend paid

–
–

–
–

(50)
(520)

–
–

5
–

45
–

–
(520)

–
(61)

–
(581)

At 31 December 2017

1,205

11,185

3,310

2

138

4

15,844

111

15,955

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

88

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2018

Note

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

30

530
(10)
(3)

2,076
(128)
(5)

517

1,943

(513)
–
1
173
(72)

(1,013)
(9)
2
1
(84)

–

14,244

(411)

13,141

–
(3,900)
–
(368)
–

800
(1,400)
(543)
(520)
(61)

Net cash used in financing activities

(4,268)

(1,724)

(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January

(4,162)
13,717

13,360
357

9,555

13,717

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations
Interest and other finance costs paid
Tax paid
Net cash generated from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
Additions to other non-current assets
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
Interest received
Loan to a joint venture
Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of
the disposal of subsidiaries

31(c)

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayment of borrowings
Repayment of loan from a fellow subsidiary
Dividend paid to the shareholders of the Company
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December

12

21

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

2018 Annual Report

89

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1

General Information
Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
3 August 2007 as a company with limited liability. Its registered office address is P.O. Box 31119, Grand Pavilion, Hibiscus
Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, KY1-1205 Cayman Islands.
The Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) is engaged in mobile telecommunications business in Hong Kong
and Macau after the disposal of its fixed-line telecommunications business in October 2017 (Note 31).
The shares of the Company are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and whose American
depositary share, each representing ownership of 15 shares, are eligible for trading in the United States of America only in
the over-the-counter market.
These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated. These financial statements
were approved for issuance by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2019.

2

Significant Accounting Policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

(a) Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and on a going
concern basis. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use
of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.
On 3 October 2017, the Group completed its disposal of the entire interests in subsidiaries which operate the
fixed-line telecommunications business (the “discontinued operations”) to Asia Cube Global Communications
Limited, a company wholly-owned by a fund managed by I Squared Capital (the “Disposal”). Since then, the Group
is principally engaged in the mobile telecommunications business in Hong Kong and Macau. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the comparative figures have been prepared to reflect the results of the
discontinued operations separately. Further details of the Disposal and discontinued operations are set out in
Note 31.

90

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(b) New/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations adopted by the
Group
During the year, the Group has adopted the following new/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and
interpretations which are relevant to the Group’s operations and are effective for accounting periods beginning on
1 January 2018:
IFRSs (Amendments)

IFRS 2 (Amendment)
IFRS 9
IFRS 15
IFRIC 22

Annual Improvements 2014 – 2016 Cycle in relation to IFRS 1
First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards
and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
Financial Instruments
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

Save as disclosed in Note 2(c), the adoption of other new/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and
interpretations does not have a material impact to the Group’s results of operations or financial position.

(c)

Changes in accounting policies
This note explains the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers on the consolidated financial statements.

(i)

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
IFRS 9 replaces the provisions of IAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and measurement of
financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets
and hedge accounting.
From 1 January 2018, the Group has adopted IFRS 9 retrospectively without restating comparative information.
The financial assets which were classified as loans and receivables before 1 January 2018 were reclassified as
debt instruments measured under amortised cost.
The adoption of IFRS 9 does not have a material impact to the Group, except for the methodology of
impairment of financial assets. The new accounting policies are set out in Note 2(o) while Note 3(a)(iii)
provides details about the calculation of the provision for doubtful debts.

2018 Annual Report

91

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(ii) IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Group has adopted IFRS 15 from 1 January 2018 which resulted in changes in accounting policies. In
accordance with the transition provisions in IFRS 15, the Group has adopted the modified retrospective
approach for transition to the new revenue standard. Under this transition approach, (i) comparative
information for prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial application of IFRS 15 is the first day of
the annual reporting period in which the Group first applies the requirement of IFRS 15, i.e. 1 January 2018;
(iii) the Group recognises the cumulative effect of initial application of IFRS 15 as an adjustment to the
opening balance of retained earnings (or other component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption,
i.e. as at 1 January 2018; and (iv) the Group elects to apply the new standard only to contracts that are not
completed contracts at 1 January 2018.
The new accounting policies are set out in Note 2(m), Note 2(s), Note 2(u) and Note 2(ab).

92

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(iii) Impact of adoption to the consolidated financial statements
The following tables illustrate the amounts by each financial statements line item affected in current year by
the application of IFRS 15 as compared to IAS 18 and IAS 11 that were previously in effect before the adoption
of IFRS 15:
2018

Consolidated Income Statement

Reported
under current
accounting
policies
HK$ millions

Effect of
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

Balance
without the
adoption of
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

Revenue
Cost of inventories sold
Staff costs
Expensed customer acquisition and
retention costs
Depreciation and amortisation
Other operating expenses

7,912
(4,201)
(374)

–
–
(65)

7,912
(4,201)
(439)

(160)
(768)
(2,093)

(88)
172
–

(248)
(596)
(2,093)

Interest and other finance income
Interest and other finance costs
Share of result of a joint venture

316
214
(21)
(4)

19
–
–
–

335
214
(21)
(4)

Profit before taxation
Taxation

505
(72)

19
(3)

524
(75)

Profit for the year

433

16

449

Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company
Non-controlling interests

404
29

12
4

416
33

433

16

449

2018 Annual Report

93

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(iii) Impact of adoption to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2018

Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income
Profit for the year

94

Reported
under current
accounting
policies
HK$ millions

Effect of
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

Balance
without the
adoption of
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

433

16

449

Other comprehensive income
Item that will not be reclassified
subsequently to income statement in
subsequent periods:
– Remeasurements of defined
benefit plans
Item that may be reclassified
subsequently to income statement in
subsequent periods:
– Currency translation differences

2

–

2

(2)

–

(2)

Total comprehensive income for
the year, net of tax

433

16

449

Total comprehensive income
attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company
Non-controlling interests

404
29

12
4

416
33

433

16

449

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(iii) Impact of adoption to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
At 31 December 2018
Reported
under current
accounting
policies
HK$ millions

Effect
under
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

Balance
without the
adoption of
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Telecommunications licences
Customer acquisition and retention costs
Contract assets
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Investment in a joint venture

2,194
2,155
2,289
132
130
300
258
396

–
–
–
(132)
(130)
–
21
–

2,194
2,155
2,289
–
–
300
279
396

Total non-current assets

7,854

(241)

7,613

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade receivables and other current assets
Contract assets
Inventories

9,555
546
276
107

–
406
(276)
–

9,555
952
–
107

Total current assets

10,484

130

10,614

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Contract liabilities
Current income tax liabilities

1,755
132
16

132
(132)
–

1,887
–
16

Total current liabilities

1,903

–

1,903

Non-current liabilities
Licence fees liabilities and
other non-current liabilities

288

–

288

Total non-current liabilities

288

–

288

Net assets

16,147

(111)

16,036

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital
Reserves

1,205
14,771

–
(84)

1,205
14,687

Total shareholders’ funds

15,976

(84)

15,892

Non-controlling interests

171

(27)

144

16,147

(111)

16,036

Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position

Total equity

2018 Annual Report

95

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(iii) Impact of adoption to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
31 December
2017
As previously
reported
HK$ millions

Effect under
IFRS 15
HK$ millions

1 January 2018
As restated
HK$ millions

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Telecommunications licences
Customer acquisition and retention costs
Contract assets
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Investment in a joint venture

2,017
2,155
2,542
–
–
214
338
434

–
–
–
151
157
–
(24)
–

2,017
2,155
2,542
151
157
214
314
434

Total non-current assets

7,700

284

7,984

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade receivables and other current assets
Contract assets
Inventories

13,717
950
–
125

–
(337)
180
–

13,717
613
180
125

Total current assets

14,792

(157)

14,635

Current liabilities
Borrowings
Trade and other payables
Contract liabilities
Current income tax liabilities

3,900
2,304
–
3

–
(162)
162
–

3,900
2,142
162
3

Total current liabilities

6,207

–

6,207

Non-current liabilities
Licence fees liabilities and
other non-current liabilities

330

–

330

Total non-current liabilities

330

–

330

Net assets

15,955

127

16,082

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital
Reserves

1,205
14,639

–
96

1,205
14,735

Total shareholders’ funds

15,844

96

15,940

Non-controlling interests

111

31

142

15,955

127

16,082

Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position

Total equity
96

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(c)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
(iii) Impact of adoption to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
Accounting for costs to obtain a contract
In previous reporting periods, incremental commission expenses paid to internal sales personnel and external
agents in conjunction with obtaining telecommunications service contracts and bundled transactions under
contracts were recognised in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
Following the adoption of IFRS 15, the incremental commission expenses of HK$151 million were
capitalised as customer acquisition and retention costs in the consolidated statement of financial position
on 1 January 2018 with a corresponding reduction of deferred tax assets of HK$24 million recognised.
These resulted the net adjustments to retained earnings and non-controlling interests of HK$96 million and
HK$31 million, respectively.

Presentation of assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
The Group has changed the presentation of contract assets (Note 2(s)) relating to bundled transaction
under contracts and contract liabilities (Note 2(u)) relating to telecommunications service contracts in the
consolidated statement of financial position on 1 January 2018 to reflect the terminology of IFRS 15.
Previously, contract balances were presented in the consolidated statement of financial position under “trade
receivables and other current assets” and “trade and other payables”.

(d) New/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations that are not yet
effective and have not been early adopted by the Group
At the date of approval of these financial statements, the following new/revised standards, amendments to existing
standards and interpretations have been issued but are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2018:
IFRSs (Amendments) (i)

IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Amendments) (ii)
IAS 19 (Amendments) (i)
IAS 28 (Amendments) (i)
IFRS 3 (Amendments) (ii)
IFRS 9 (Amendments) (i)
IFRS 10 and IAS 28 (Amendments) (iv)
IFRS 16 (i)
IFRS 17 (iii)
IFRIC 23 (i)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)

Annual Improvements 2015 – 2017 Cycle in relation to IFRS 3
Business Combination , IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements and
IAS 23 Borrowing Costs
Definition of Material
Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
Definition of a Business
Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
its Associate or Joint Venture
Leases
Insurance Contracts
Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
No mandatory effective date yet determined but is available for adoption

2018 Annual Report

97

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(d) New/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations that are not yet
effective and have not been early adopted by the Group (Continued)
IFRS 16 Leases
IFRS 16 specifies how an entity will recognise, measure, present and disclose leases. The new leases standard is
mandatory for the Group’s financial statements for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Group
will adopt this new standard from 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 replaces existing leases guidance, including IAS 17 Leases ,
IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease , SIC 15 Operating Leases – Incentives and SIC 27
Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease .
The new standard provides a single, on statement of financial position lease accounting model for lessees. It will
result in almost all leases being recognised by the lessee on the statement of financial position, as the distinction
between operating and finance leases is removed. Under IFRS 16, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a
financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and low-value leases. In addition,
the nature of expenses related to those leases will now change as IFRS 16 replaces the straight-line operating lease
expense with a depreciation charge for right-of-use assets and interest expense on lease liabilities. With all other
variables remain constant, the new accounting treatment will lead to a higher EBITDA and EBIT. The combination of
a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-use asset and effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability
results in a decreasing “total lease expense” over the lease term. In the initial years of a lease, the new standard
will result in an income statement expense which is higher than the straight-line operating lease expense typically
recognised under the current standard, and a lower expense after the mid-term of the lease as the interest expense
reduces. The Group’s profit after tax for a particular year may be affected negatively or positively depending on the
maturity of the Group’s overall lease portfolio in that year.
As a lessee, the Group can either apply the standard using a full retrospective approach, or a modified retrospective
approach with optional practical expedients.
In view of the costs and massive complexity involved of applying the full retrospective approach, the Group will elect
the modified retrospective approach. Under the modified retrospective approach, (i) comparative information for
prior periods is not restated; (ii) the date of the initial application of IFRS 16 is the first day of the annual reporting
period in which the Group first applies the requirement of IFRS 16, i.e. 1 January 2019; and (iii) the Group recognises
the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profit
(or other component of equity, as appropriate) in the year of adoption, i.e. as at 1 January 2019.

98

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(d) New/revised standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations that are not yet
effective and have not been early adopted by the Group (Continued)
IFRS 16 Leases (Continued)
When applying a modified retrospective approach to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17,
the lessee can elect, on a lease-by-lease basis, whether to apply a number of practical expedients on transition. The
Group is assessing the potential impact of using these practical expedients.
IFRS 16 will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. The Group has quantified to what extent
these changes will result in the recognition of an asset and a liability for future payments and how this will affect the
Group’s profit and classification of cash flows on adoption of IFRS 16. The quantitative effect will depend on, inter
alia, the transition method chosen, the future economic conditions, including the Group’s incremental borrowing
rate at 1 January 2019, the composition of the Group’s lease portfolio at that date, the Group’s latest assessment
of whether it will exercise any lease renewal options and the extent to which the Group chooses to use practical
expedients and recognition exemptions allowed under the modified retrospective adoption approach.
The impact on adoption of IFRS 16 will be disclosed in the first set of consolidated financial statements issued by the
Group following the initial application of this new standard, i.e. in the condensed consolidated financial statements
for the six months ending 30 June 2019.
The adoption of other standards, amendments and interpretations listed above in future periods is not expected to
have any material impact on the Group’s results of operations and financial position.

(e) Subsidiaries
(i)

Consolidation
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from
the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred
for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the
former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred
includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.
For each business combination, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at
fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree’s
identifiable net assets.

2018 Annual Report

99

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(e) Subsidiaries (Continued)
(i)

Consolidation (continued)
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the fair value
of non-controlling interest over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
(Note 2(k)). If this consideration is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the
difference is recognised in the consolidated income statement.
Inter-company transactions, balances, income and expenses on transactions between group companies are
eliminated. Profits and losses resulting from inter-company transactions that are recognised in assets are also
eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency
with the policies adopted by the Group.

(ii) Company’s financial statements
In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost
less impairment. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration
arrangements. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
and receivable.

(f)

Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests at the end of the reporting period, being the portion of the net assets of subsidiaries
attributable to equity interests that are not owned by the Company, whether directly or indirectly through
subsidiaries, are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position separately from equity attributable to
the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on the face of
the consolidated income statement as an allocation of the total profit or loss for the year between non-controlling
interests and the shareholders of the Company.

(g) Joint ventures
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to
the net assets of the arrangement.
The results and assets and liabilities of joint ventures are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using
the equity method of accounting.
When the Group’s share of losses of a joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the joint venture, the Group
discontinues recognising its share of further losses. After the Group’s interest is reduced to zero, additional losses
are provided for, and a liability is recognised, only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint venture.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of the joint ventures have been changed where necessary
to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

100

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(h) Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that makes strategic decisions.

(i)

Foreign currency translation
(i)

Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s
presentation currency.

(ii) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and
losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated
income statement.

(iii) Group companies
The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a
hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
translated into the presentation currency as follows:
–

assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate
at the date of that statement of financial position;

–

income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing at the
transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rates at the dates of the
transactions); and

–

all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income (cumulative
translation adjustments).

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising are recognised
in other comprehensive income.

2018 Annual Report

101

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(j)

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its
working condition and location for its intended use. Property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line
basis, at rates sufficient to write off their costs over their estimated useful lives.
Buildings
Telecommunications infrastructure
and network equipment
Motor vehicles
Office furniture and equipment
and computer equipment
Leasehold improvements

50 years or over the unexpired period of the lease,
whichever is the shorter
2 – 15 years
4 years
5 – 7 years
Over the unexpired period of the lease or at
annual rate of 15%, whichever is the shorter

Subsequent costs on property, plant and equipment are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as
a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part
is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement during the
financial period in which they are incurred.
Construction in progress is stated at cost, which includes borrowing costs incurred to finance the construction, and is
proportionally attributed to the qualifying assets.
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if applicable, at the end of each reporting
period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2(n)).
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
recognised within “other operating expenses” in the consolidated income statement.

(k) Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net
identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition.
Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position as a
separate asset. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying
amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose
of impairment testing.

102

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(l)

Telecommunications licences
Telecommunications licences represent the upfront payments made for acquiring telecommunications spectrum
licences plus the capitalised present value of fixed periodic payments to be made in subsequent years, together
with the interest accrued prior to the date the related spectrum is ready for its intended use. Telecommunications
licences are amortised on a straight-line basis from the date the related spectrum is ready for its intended use over
the remaining expected licence periods and are stated net of accumulated amortisation.

(m) Customer acquisition and retention costs eligible for capitalisation
The incremental costs of obtaining telecommunications service contracts are those costs that would not have been
incurred if the contract had not been obtained, mainly representing commission expenses paid to internal sales
personnel and external agents. These incremental costs are required to be capitalised as an asset when incurred, and
amortised on a straight-line basis in the consolidated income statement over the enforceable contractual period.
Acquisition costs related to contracts with durations less than one year are expensed as incurred.

(n) Impairment of non-financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested at least annually for
impairment and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An
impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of
assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows
(i.e. CGUs). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal
of the impairment at each reporting date.

(o) Financial assets
From 1 January 2018, the Group classifies all of its financial assets as debt instruments measured at amortised
cost including trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments and deposits and loan to a joint venture. The
classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing financial assets and the contractual terms of the
cash flows. The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
assets changes.

2018 Annual Report

103

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(o) Financial assets (Continued)
(i)

Debt instruments measured at amortised cost
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments
of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is
included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
is recognised directly in profit or loss. Impairment losses are presented in net basis as “provision for doubtful
debts” within “other operating expenses” in the consolidated income statement.
Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
Group commits to purchasing or selling the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive
cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

(ii) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated
with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether
there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which
requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables (Note 3(a)(iii)).

Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017
The Group classified its financial assets as loans and receivables. The classification was depended on the purpose
for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determined the classification of its financial assets at
initial recognition.

(i)

Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables were non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that were not
quoted in an active market and with no intention of trading. They were included in current assets, except for
the amounts that were settled or expected to be settled more than 12 months after the end of the reporting
period which were classified as non-current assets.
Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets were recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
Group committed to purchasing or selling the asset. Financial assets were derecognised when the rights to
receive cash flows from the financial assets had expired or had been transferred and the Group had transferred
substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Loans and receivables were subsequently carried at amortised
cost using the effective interest method.

104

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(o) Financial assets (Continued)
Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017 (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets
The Group assessed at each reporting period whether there was objective evidence that a financial asset or
group of financial assets was impaired. Financial assets were impaired and impairment losses were incurred
only if there was objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial
recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets had been impacted.
For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment was the difference between
the assets’ carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the original
effective interest rate.
The carrying amount of the financial asset was reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial
assets with the exception of trade receivables where the carrying amount was reduced through the use of
a provision account. A provision for doubtful debts of trade receivables was established when there was
objective evidence that the Group would not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms
of receivable. The amount of provision was determined based on historical data of payment statistics for aged
receivable balances. When a trade receivable was uncollectible, it was written off against the provision account
for trade receivables. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off were credited against the
consolidated income statement. Changes in the carrying amount of the provision account were recognised in
the consolidated income statement.

(p) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and other short-term highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
in value.

(q) Inventories
Inventories consist of handsets and phone accessories and are valued using the weighted average cost method.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is determined on the basis of
anticipated sales proceeds less estimated selling expenses.

(r)

Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds trade and other
receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at
amortised cost using the effective interest method (Note 2(o)).

2018 Annual Report

105

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(s)

Contract assets
Contract assets relating to bundled transaction under contracts are recognised when the Group has provided the
service or delivered the hardware to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due.

(t)

Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
the effective interest method.

(u) Contract liabilities
The Group recognises contract liabilities when a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to an amount
of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group provides a service or delivers a hardware to the customer.

(v) Borrowings
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
method except for borrowing costs capitalised for qualifying assets (Notes 2(j) and 2(l)).
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

(w) Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle
the present obligation at the reporting date. The discount rate used to determine the present value reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision
due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

106

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(x) Taxation and deferred taxation
Taxation is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management
periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is
subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
to the tax authorities.
Deferred taxation is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax liabilities
are provided in full on all taxable temporary differences while deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it
is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences (including
tax losses) can be utilised.
Deferred taxation is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures,
except for deferred tax liabilities where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the
Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same
taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the
balances on a net basis.

(y) Share capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

(z)

Contingent liabilities
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the
Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not probable
that an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably.
A contingent liability is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements unless the possibility of
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs
so that the outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.

2018 Annual Report

107

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(aa) Employee benefits
(i)

Pension plans
Pension plans are classified into defined benefit and defined contribution plans.

(a) Defined benefit plans
The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of defined benefit
pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period
less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent
actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation
is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality
corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have
terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension obligations.
The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in the consolidated income statement
in pension costs, except where included in the cost of an asset, reflects the increase in the defined
benefit obligation results from employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments
and settlements.
Remeasurements arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
recognised in full in the year in which they occur in other comprehensive income.
Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit
obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in the pension costs in the consolidated
income statement.

(b) Defined contribution plans
The Group’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated income
statement in the year incurred and are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees
who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in the contributions. The Group has no further payment
obligations once the contributions have been paid.

108

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(aa) Employee benefits (Continued)
(ii) Share-based payments
The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services
received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed
over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted, excluding the
impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and sales growth targets).
The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal
value) and share premium when the options are exercised.

(iii) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised when, and only when, the Group demonstrably committed itself to
terminating employment or to providing benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy by having a detailed
formal plan which is without realistic possibility of withdrawal.

(ab) Revenue recognition
The Group recognises revenue on the following bases:

(i)

Sales of services
The Group provides mobile telecommunications and other related service to customers through a variety of
plans on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Revenue is recognised using an output method, either as the service
entitlement units are used or as time elapses, because it reflects the pattern by which the Group satisfies the
performance obligation through the transfer of service to the customer. Monthly service revenue is generally
billed in advance, which results in a contract liability (Note 2(u)).
For postpaid plan, the Group enters into a fixed-term and fixed-price service contract with the customer.
When monthly usage exceeds the entitlement, the overage usage represents options held by the customer for
incremental services and the usage-based fee is recognised when the customer exercises the option.
Customers are invoiced on a monthly basis and consideration is payable when invoiced. The credit period
granted by the Group to customers generally ranges from 14 to 45 days, or a longer period for corporate or
carrier customers based on the individual commercial terms.

2018 Annual Report

109

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(ab) Revenue recognition (Continued)
(ii) Sales of hardware
The Group sells telecommunications hardware to customers. Revenue is recognised upon delivery of hardware
to customers as this is when control passes to the customers and the payment is due immediately.

(iii) Bundled transactions under contracts comprising provision of mobile telecommunications
services and sale of handset
Under bundled contracts, the Group sells handset device in exchange for entering into a fixed-term
and fixed-price service contract, representing the two distinct performance obligations in these typical
bundled contracts.
The amount of revenue recognised for each performance obligation is determined by considering the
standalone selling prices of each of the services element and handset device element provided within the
bundled contracts. The payment pattern is consistent with the sales of services and hardware.
The bundled contracts generally include the sale of a handset device at subsidised prices. This results in the
creation of a contract asset at the time of sale, which represents the recognition of hardware revenue in excess
of amounts billed (Note 2(s)).

Financing components
The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the provision of the promised
services to the customers and payment by the customers exceeds one year. The financing component in the
bundled contracts where the period between the delivery of the promised handset device to the customers
and payment by the customers exceeds one year is not expected to be significant. Based on current facts
and circumstances, the Group determined that the financing component within the bundled contracts with
customers is not significant and therefore not accounted for separately.

Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017
The Group recognised revenue on the following bases:

110

(i)

Sales of services were recognised in the accounting period in which the services were rendered.

(ii)

Sales of hardware were recognised upon delivery to customers.

(iii)

For bundled transactions under contract comprising provision of mobile telecommunications services
and sale of a handset device, the amount of revenue recognised upon the sale of the handset device
was accrued as determined by considering the estimated fair values of each of the services element and
handset device element of the contract.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
(ac) Interest income
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
asset, except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired.

(ad) Leases
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged
to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

(ae) Discontinued operations
A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows of which can be
clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate major line of business or geographic
area of operations, or is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or
geographical area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale or dispose.
When an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented in the consolidated income statement,
which comprises the post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation and the post-tax gain or loss recognised on
the measurement to fair value less costs to sell, or on the disposal, of the assets or disposal group(s) constituting the
discontinued operations.

3

Financial Risk Management
(a) Financial risk factors
The Group is exposed to market risk (from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates), credit risk and
liquidity risk. Interest rate risk exists with respect to the Group’s financial assets and liabilities bearing interest at
floating rates. Interest rate risk also exists with respect to the fair value of fixed rate financial assets and liabilities.
Exchange rate risk exists with respect to the Group’s financial assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is
not the entity’s functional currency. No instruments are held by the Group for speculative purposes.

(i)

Foreign currency exposure
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with the
surplus funds placed with banks as deposits, trade receivables and trade payables denominated in United
States dollars (“US$”), Euro (“EURO”) and British pounds (“GBP”). Foreign exchange risk arises when future
commercial transactions or recognised assets or liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the
entity’s functional currency.

2018 Annual Report

111

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(i)

Foreign currency exposure (Continued)
The table below summarises the foreign exchange exposure on the net monetary position of the above assets
and liabilities, expressed in the Group’s presentation currency of HK$.
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

US$
EURO
GBP

(84)
(86)
(49)

(241)
(34)
(27)

Total net exposure: net liabilities

(219)

(302)

As at 31 December, a 5% strengthening/weakening of the currencies of the above assets and liabilities against
HK$ would have decreased/increased post-tax profit for the year by the amounts as shown below. This analysis
assumes that all other variables remain constant.

US$
EURO
GBP

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

(3)
(4)
(2)

(10)
(2)
(1)

(9)

(13)

There is no foreign currency transaction risk that would affect equity directly. The 5% movement represents
management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates over the period until the
next annual reporting period.

112

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(ii) Interest rate exposure
The Group’s main interest risk exposures relate to its borrowings, investments of surplus funds placed with
banks as deposits and loan to a joint venture. The Group manages its interest rate exposure of borrowings
with a focus on reducing the overall cost of debt and interest rate exposure of investments of surplus funds by
placing such balances with various maturities and interest rate terms.
As at 31 December, the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities where their cash flows
are subject to interest rate exposure are as follows:

Borrowings at floating rates (Note 24)
Cash at banks and short-term bank deposits
Loan to a joint venture (Note 20)

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

–
9,312
433

(3,900)
13,591
466

9,745

10,157

The interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings is disclosed in Note 24. The cash deposits placed with banks
generate interest at the prevailing market interest rates.
As at 31 December, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher, with all other variables held constant,
post-tax profit for 2018 and 2017 would have increased by approximately HK$81 million and HK$85 million,
respectively, mainly as a result of higher interest income from cash at banks and bank deposits, interest
bearing balance with a joint venture and interest expenses on floating rate borrowings; there would have
no direct impact on equity as the Group did not have financial instruments qualified for hedge accounting
whereby all movement of interest expense and income as a result of interest rates changes would be charged
to the consolidated income statement.
The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had
occurred at the end of the reporting date and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk for the
above financial assets and liabilities in existence at that date. The 100 basis point movement represents
management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates over the period until the next
annual reporting period.

2018 Annual Report

113

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(iii) Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk arises from cash at banks and short-term bank deposits, trade and
other receivables, non-current deposits, contract assets and loan to a joint venture.

Risk management
Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Management has policies in place and exposures to the credit risk are
monitored on an ongoing basis.
For banks and financial institutions, only independently rated parties with sound credit rating are accepted.
The Group controls its credit risk by assessing the credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their
equity share price movements, credit ratings, past experience and other factors, in measuring the expected
credit loss. Individual limits are set by the management with regular monitoring.
The credit period granted by the Group to customers generally ranges from 14 to 45 days, or a longer period
for corporate or carrier customers based on the individual commercial terms. The utilisation of credit limits
is regularly monitored. Debtors who have overdue accounts are requested to settle all outstanding balances
before any further credit is granted. There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables
and contract assets as the Group has a large number of customers. The Group does not have significant
exposure to any individual debtor.
The Group considers its maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each
class of financial assets as follows:

Cash at banks and short-term bank deposits (Note 21)
Trade and other receivables (Note 22)
Contract assets (Note 17)
Non-current deposits (Note 18)
Loan to a joint venture (Note 20)

114

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

9,555
433
406
36
433

13,717
826
–
37
466

10,863

15,046

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(iii) Credit risk (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets
The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to IFRS 9’s new expected credit loss model:
–

trade receivables from the provision of mobile telecommunications services and from the provision of
bundled transactions under contract;

–

contract assets relating to bundled transactions under contract; and

–

other financial assets at amortised cost.

While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identified
impairment loss was immaterial.

(a) Trade receivables and contract assets
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
lifetime expected provision for doubtful debts against trade receivables and contract assets.
To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets have been grouped based
on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers the lifetime expected
loss for contract assets relating to unbilled bundled transactions under contract to be substantially the
same as the trade receivables.
The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 12 months
before 31 December 2018 or 1 January 2018 respectively and the corresponding historical credit
losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and
forward-looking information on economic trend that affects the ability of the customers to settle
the receivables.

2018 Annual Report

115

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(iii) Credit risk (Continued)
(a) Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
On that basis, the provision for doubtful debts as at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2018 are
determined as follows for trade receivables and contract assets:

Trade receivables
Expected
loss rate

Contract assets

Gross
Provision
carrying for doubtful
amount
debts
HK$ millions HK$ millions

Expected
loss rate

Gross Provision for
carrying
doubtful
amount
debts
HK$ millions HK$ millions

At 31 December 2018:
Not yet due
Past due 1 – 30 days
Past due 31 – 60 days
Past due 61 – 90 days
Past due over 90 days

2%
4%
5% - 11%
8% - 21%
28% - 54%

112
77
23
15
72

2
4
2
2
31

299

41

2%

Trade receivables

414

8

Contract assets

Expected
loss rate

Gross
carrying
amount
HK$ millions

Provision
for doubtful
debts
HK$ millions

2%
5%
8% - 13%
11% - 22%
37% - 54%

93
78
22
16
67

2
4
3
3
28

276

40

Expected
loss rate

Gross
carrying
amount
HK$ millions

Provision for
doubtful
debts
HK$ millions

2%

344

7

At 1 January 2018 (Restated):
Not yet due
Past due 1 – 30 days
Past due 31 – 60 days
Past due 61 – 90 days
Past due over 90 days

116

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(iii) Credit risk (Continued)
(a) Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
Movement of provision for doubtful debts of trade receivables and contract assets is as follows:

Trade receivables

Contract assets

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

At 31 December under IAS 39
Changes in accounting policies

47
(7)

106
–

–
7

–
–

At 1 January under IFRS 9
Increase in provision recognised
in the consolidated income
statement
Amounts recovered in respect of
brought forward balance
Write-off during the year
Disposal of subsidiaries

40

106

7

–

20

92

5

–

(3)
(16)
–

(65)
(24)
(62)

(4)
–
–

–
–
–

At 31 December

41

47

8

–

Trade receivables and contract assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the
failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual
payments past due for a period of greater than 365 days. Impairment losses on trade receivables and
contract assets are presented in net basis as “provision for doubtful debts” within “other operating
expenses” in the consolidated income statement (Note 8). Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
written off are credited against the same line item.

(b) Other financial assets at amortised cost
Other financial assets at amortised cost include loan to a joint venture, other receivables and deposits.
These financial assets are considered to be low credit risk as the counterparty has capacity to meet
its contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the expected credit risk model resulted in an
immaterial impact on the provision for doubtful debts for these financial assets.

2018 Annual Report

117

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(a) Financial risk factors (Continued)
(iv) Liquidity risk
Prudent liquidity risk management, including maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding from an
adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions, is adopted. Due
to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining
availability under committed credit lines and sufficient cash for operating and investing activities.
The following table details the contractual maturities at the reporting date of the Group’s financial liabilities,
which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows and the earliest date the Group is required to pay.

At 31 December 2018
Trade payables (Note 25)
Other payables and accruals
(Note 25)
Licence fees liabilities
(Notes 25 and 27)

At 31 December 2017
Borrowings (Note 24)
Trade payables (Note 25)
Other payables and accruals
(Note 25)
Licence fees liabilities
(Notes 25 and 27)

118

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Non– Contractual
contractual undiscounted
liabilities
cash flow
HK$ million HK$ million

After
After
Within
1 year but
2 years but
1 year within 2 years within 5 years
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million

Carrying
amount
HK$ million

Contractual
liabilities
HK$ million

314

314

–

314

314

–

–

1,250

272

978

272

272

–

–

140

140

–

149

58

58

33

1,704

726

978

735

644

58

33

Carrying
amount
HK$ million

Contractual
liabilities
HK$ million

Non–
contractual
liabilities
HK$ million

Contractual
undiscounted
cash flow
HK$ million

Within
1 year
HK$ million

After
1 year but
within 2 years
HK$ million

After
2 years but
within 5 years
HK$ million

3,900
406

3,900
406

–
–

3,900
406

–
406

3,900
–

–
–

1,537

291

1,246

291

291

–

–

191

191

–

206

57

58

91

6,034

4,788

1,246

4,803

754

3,958

91

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(b) Capital risk management
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and
services commensurately with the level of risk.
The Group defines capital as total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company, comprising issued share
capital and reserves, as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group actively and regularly
reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure capital and shareholder returns, taking into consideration
the future capital requirements of the Group and capital efficiency, projected operating cash flows and projected
capital expenditures.

(c)

Fair value estimation
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, and trade and other receivables and payables are assumed to
approximate their fair values due to short maturity. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is
estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the
Group for similar financial instruments.

4

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Significant estimates and assumptions concerning the future may be required in selecting and applying accounting
methods and policies in these financial statements. The Group bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience
and various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these
estimates or assumptions.
The following is a review of the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of these
financial statements.

(a) Estimated useful life for telecommunications infrastructure and network equipment
The Group has substantial investments in mobile telecommunications infrastructure and network equipment. As at
31 December 2018, the carrying amount of the mobile telecommunications infrastructure and network equipment
was approximately HK$1,628 million (2017: HK$1,374 million). Changes in technology or changes in the intended
use of these assets may cause the estimated period of use or value of these assets to change.
During the year ended 31 December 2017, estimated useful lives for certain items of mobile telecommunications
infrastructure and network equipment were revised. The after tax and non-controlling interests net effect of the
changes in depreciation expense in that financial year was an increase of HK$1,391 million for certain 2G and
3G mobile telecommunications infrastructure and network equipment after the deployment of various network
transformational initiatives. These items were fully depreciated as at 31 December 2017.

2018 Annual Report

119

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

4

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements (Continued)
(b) Asset impairment
Non-financial assets
Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment, including goodwill, property, plant and
equipment and telecommunications licences, particularly in assessing whether: (i) an event has occurred that may
affect asset values; (ii) the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the net present value of future cash flows
from the asset using estimated cash flow projections; and (iii) the cash flow is discounted using an appropriate rate.
Changing the assumptions selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the
discount rates or the growth rate assumptions in the cash flow projections, could significantly affect the Group’s
reported financial condition and results of operations. In performing the impairment assessment, the Group has
also considered the impact of the current economic environment on the operation of the Group. The results of the
impairment test undertaken as at 31 December 2018 indicated that no impairment charge was necessary.

(c)

Allocation of revenue for bundled transactions with customers
The Group has bundled transactions under contracts with customers including sales of both services and hardware
(for example handsets). The amount of revenue recognised for each performance obligation is determined by
considering the standalone selling price at contract inception of each distinct service element and hardware
element of the contract and allocating the revenue in proportion based on these standalone selling price. Significant
judgement is required in assessing the standalone selling price of these elements, including observable price or
estimated price based on adjusted market assessment approach. Changes in the estimated standalone selling
price may cause the revenue recognised for sales of services and hardware to change individually but not the total
bundled revenue from a specific customer throughout the contract term. The Group periodically re-assesses the
allocation basis as a result of changes in market conditions.

(d) Deferred taxation
Management has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in
assessing the recognition criteria for deferred tax assets recorded in relation to cumulative tax loss carried forward.
The assumptions regarding future profitability of various subsidiaries require significant judgement, and significant
changes in these assumptions from period to period may have a material impact on the Group’s reported financial
position and results of operations. As at 31 December 2018, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets of
approximately HK$258 million (2017: HK$338 million).

120

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

5

Revenue
Revenue comprises revenues from provision of mobile telecommunications services and other related service as well as
sales of telecommunications hardware. An analysis of revenue is as follows:

Mobile telecommunications and other related service
Telecommunications hardware

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

3,662
4,250

3,853
2,899

7,912

6,752

(a) Disaggregation of revenue
The Group derives revenue from the provision of services and delivery of goods by timing of satisfaction of
performance obligations as follows:

Timing of revenue recognition:
Over time
At a point in time

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

3,662
4,250

3,853
2,899

7,912

6,752

(b) Unsatisfied mobile telecommunications service contracts
The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations arisen from fixed-price
mobile telecommunications service contracts that are partially or fully unsatisfied as at 31 December 2018 was
HK$3,008 million. Management expects that the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts as of
31 December 2018 will be recognised as revenue in the following future years:

Not later than 1 year
After 1 year, but within 5 years
After 5 years

(i)

2018
HK$ millions

2017 (i)
HK$ millions

1,883
1,119
6

–
–
–

3,008

–

As permitted under the transitional provisions in IFRS 15, the unsatisfied performance obligations as of 31 December 2017 is not disclosed.

The performance obligations arisen from other mobile telecommunications service contracts are for period of one
year or less or are billed based on usage incurred. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to
these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

2018 Annual Report

121

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

6

Segment Information
In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s chief operating decision
maker for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified only one reporting
segment, i.e. mobile telecommunications business.

7

Staff Costs
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

494

528

21
9
2
(87)
(65)

20
9
3
(78)
–

374

482

Wages and salaries
Pension costs
– defined benefit plans
– defined contribution plans
Termination benefits
Less: – Amounts capitalised as property, plant and equipment
– Amounts capitalised as customer acquisition and retention costs

(a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
Directors’ emoluments comprise payments to directors from the Group. The emoluments of each of the directors of
the Company exclude amounts received from subsidiaries of the Group and paid to the Company, a subsidiary or an
intermediate holding company of the Company. The amounts paid to each director and the chief executive for 2018
and 2017 are as follows:
2018

122

Director’s
fees
HK$ millions

Basic salaries,
allowances
and benefitsin-kind (v)
HK$ millions

Fok Kin Ning, Canning
Lui Dennis Pok Man
Woo Chiu Man, Cliff (i) (ii)
Koo Sing Fai (i) (iii)
Lai Kai Ming, Dominic (i)
Edith Shih
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Lan Hong Tsung, David
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

0.09
0.07
0.07
0.03
0.07
0.07
0.16
0.16
0.14

Total

0.86

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Bonuses
HK$ millions

Provident
fund
contributions
HK$ millions

Inducement or
compensation
fees
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

–
–
2.54
1.07
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
3.50
0.93
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
0.18
0.08
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

0.09
0.07
6.29
2.11
0.07
0.07
0.16
0.16
0.14

3.61

4.43

0.26

–

9.16

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

7

Staff Costs (Continued)
(a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
2017

Director’s
fees
HK$ millions

Basic salaries,
allowances
and benefitsin-kind (v)
HK$ millions

Fok Kin Ning, Canning
Lui Dennis Pok Man
Woo Chiu Man, Cliff (i) (ii) (iv)
Lai Kai Ming, Dominic (i)
Edith Shih (i) (iv)
Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Lan Hong Tsung, David
Wong Yick Ming, Rosanna

0.09
0.07
0.07
0.07
0.07
0.16
0.16
0.14

Total

0.83

Bonuses
HK$ millions

Provident
fund
contributions
HK$ millions

Inducement or
compensation
fees
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

–
–
2.93
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
7.00
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
0.20
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

0.09
0.07
10.20
0.07
0.07
0.16
0.16
0.14

2.93

7.00

0.20

–

10.96

(i)

Director’s fee received by these directors from subsidiaries of the Group during the period they served as directors that have been paid to the
Company, a subsidiary or an intermediate holding company of the Company are not included in the amounts above.

(ii)

Mr Woo Chiu Man, Cliff was the chief executive for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 July 2018 and for the year ended 31 December 2017
whose emoluments have been shown in directors’ emoluments above.

(iii)

Mr Koo Sing Fai was appointed as the chief executive on 1 August 2018, whose emoluments for the period from 1 August 2018 to 31 December
2018 have been shown in directors’ emoluments above.

(iv)

Appointed on 1 January 2017.

(v)

Benefits-in-kind included insurance and transportation.

(b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
No significant transactions, arrangements or contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was
a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
end of the year or at any time during the year.

2018 Annual Report

123

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

7

Staff Costs (Continued)
(c)

Five highest paid individuals
The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest are as follows:
2018
Number of
individual

2017
Number of
individual

2
3

1
4

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

10
8
1

11
14
1

19

26

Directors of the Company
Management executives
The aggregate remuneration paid to these highest paid individuals is as follows:

Basic salaries, allowances and benefits-in-kind
Bonuses
Provident fund contributions

The emoluments of the above mentioned individuals with the highest emoluments fall within the following bands:

HK$2,500,001 – HK$3,000,000
HK$3,000,001 – HK$3,500,000
HK$3,500,001 – HK$4,000,000
HK$6,000,001 – HK$6,500,000
HK$10,000,001 – HK$10,500,000

2018
Number of
individual

2017
Number of
individual

1
1
2
1
–

1
–
2
1
1

No emoluments were paid to any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
Group or as compensation for loss of office for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: Nil).

124

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

8

9

Other Operating Expenses
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Cost of services provided
General administrative and distribution costs
Operating leases in respect of:
– Buildings
– Hire of plant and machinery
Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment
Auditors’ remuneration
Provision for doubtful debts

1,447
162

1,351
131

457
1
1
7
18

441
2
1
7
18

Total

2,093

1,951

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

193
21
–

30
17
12

Interest and Other Finance Income/(Costs), Net

Interest and other finance income:
Bank interest income
Interest income from a joint venture
Interest and other finance income from discontinued operations

214

59

Interest and other finance costs:
Bank loans
Notional non-cash interest accretion (i)
Guarantee and other finance fees

(1)
(11)
(9)

(71)
(13)
(39)

Less: Amounts capitalised on qualifying assets

(21)
–

(123)
4

(21)

(119)

193

(60)

Interest and other finance income/(costs), net
(i)

Notional non-cash interest accretion represents the notional adjustments to accrete the carrying amount of certain obligations recognised in the
consolidated statement of financial position such as licence fees liabilities and asset retirement obligations to the present value of the estimated future cash
flows expected to be required for their settlement in the future.

2018 Annual Report

125

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

10 Taxation
2018
Current
taxation
HK$ millions

Deferred
taxation
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

16
–

46
10

62
10

16

56

72

Current
taxation
HK$ millions

Deferred
taxation
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

–
–

(272)
(16)

(272)
(16)

–

(288)

(288)

Hong Kong
Outside Hong Kong

2017

Hong Kong
Outside Hong Kong

Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits less
available tax losses. Taxation outside Hong Kong has been provided at the applicable current rates of taxation ruling in
the relevant countries on the estimated assessable profits less available tax losses. The differences between the Group’s
expected tax charge at respective applicable tax rates and the Group’s tax charge for the year are as follows:

126

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Tax calculated at domestic rates
Income not subject to tax
Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses
Utilisation of previously unrecognised temporary differences
Recognition of previously unrecognised temporary differences
Over provision in prior years
Tax losses not recognised

84
(32)
51
(7)
(1)
(23)
–
–

(304)
(6)
38
(16)
–
–
(1)
1

Total taxation charge/(credit)

72

(288)

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

11 Earnings per Share

Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Company arises from:
– Continuing operations
– Discontinued operations

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

404
–

(1,169)
5,935

404

4,766

The calculation of basic earnings/(losses) per share is based on profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Company
and on the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year as follows:

Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
Basic earnings/(losses) per share (HK cents):
– Continuing operations
– Discontinued operations

2018

2017

4,818,896,208

4,818,896,208

8.38
–

(24.26)
123.16

8.38

98.90

The diluted earnings/(losses) per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
with the weighted average number of ordinary shares deemed to be issued assuming the exercise of the share options as follows:

Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
Adjustments on share options

Diluted earnings/(losses) per share (HK cents):
– Continuing operations
– Discontinued operations

2018

2017

4,818,896,208
131,741

4,818,896,208
125,094

4,819,027,949

4,819,021,302

8.38
–

(24.26)
123.16

8.38

98.90

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

149
3,855
154

188
–
219

4,158

407

12 Dividends

Interim, paid of 3.10 HK cents per share (2017: 3.90 HK cents per share)
Special interim of 80.00 HK cents per share (2017: Nil)
Final, proposed of 3.20 HK cents per share (2017: 4.55 HK cents per share)

2018 Annual Report

127

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

13 Property, Plant and Equipment
The movements of property, plant and equipment for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

128

Buildings
HK$ millions

Telecom–
munications
infrastructure
and network
equipment
HK$ millions

Other assets
HK$ millions

Construction
in progress
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

Cost
At 1 January 2018
Additions
Disposals
Transfer between categories

87
–
–
–

7,207
294
(2,020)
174

3,072
72
(84)
33

272
156
–
(207)

10,638
522
(2,104)
–

At 31 December 2018

87

5,655

3,093

221

9,056

Accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses
At 1 January 2018
Charge for the year
Disposals

15
2
–

5,833
213
(2,019)

2,773
128
(83)

–
–
–

8,621
343
(2,102)

At 31 December 2018

17

4,027

2,818

–

6,862

Net book value
At 31 December 2018

70

1,628

275

221

2,194

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

13 Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

Buildings
HK$ millions

Telecom–
munications
infrastructure
and network
equipment
HK$ millions

Other assets
HK$ millions

Construction
in progress
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

152
–
–
(65)
–
–

22,444
588
(2,152)
(13,976)
300
3

3,669
142
(48)
(787)
95
1

652
293
–
(278)
(395)
–

26,917
1,023
(2,200)
(15,106)
–
4

87

7,207

3,072

272

10,638

46
4
–
(35)
–

12,714
3,034
(2,151)
(7,765)
1

3,227
216
(46)
(625)
1

–
–
–
–
–

15,987
3,254
(2,197)
(8,425)
2

At 31 December 2017

15

5,833

2,773

–

8,621

Net book value
At 31 December 2017

72

1,374

299

272

2,017

Cost
At 1 January 2017
Additions
Disposals
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))
Transfer between categories
Currency translation differences
At 31 December 2017
Accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses
At 1 January 2017
Charge for the year
Disposals
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))
Currency translation differences

The carrying values of all property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses.
Other assets include motor vehicles, office furniture and equipment, computer equipment and leasehold improvements.
Additions of telecommunications infrastructure and network equipment included interest of HK$5 million capitalised at a
rate of 1.9% per annum for the year ended 31 December 2017.
During the year ended 31 December 2017, estimated useful lives for certain 2G and 3G mobile telecommunications
infrastructure and network equipment were revised after the deployment of various network transformational initiatives,
resulting in additional depreciation expense of HK$2,182 million.

2018 Annual Report

129

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

14 Goodwill
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Gross carrying amount and net book value at 1 January
Disposal of subsidiaries

2,155
–

4,503
(2,348)

Gross carrying amount and net book value at 31 December

2,155

2,155

–

–

Accumulated impairment losses at 1 January and 31 December

Impairment test for goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s mobile telecommunications business according to the business segment. The
recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash flow
projections based on financial budget and forecasts approved by management covering a five-year period to 2023.
Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations are:
(i)

Projected EBITDA has been based on past performance of the Group’s respective CGUs and its expectation for the
market development. Management considers EBITDA a proxy for operating cash flow.

(ii)

A long-term growth rate into perpetuity is not used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period. Instead,
management uses EBITDA multiples with reference to market to determine the terminal value of the Group’s
respective CGUs.

(iii)

The discount rate applied to cash flows of the Group’s respective CGUs is based on discount rate and reflects the
specific risks relating to the relevant segment. The post-tax and pre-tax discount rates applied in the value-in-use
calculation are as follows:

Post-tax discount rate
Pre-tax discount rate

2018

2017

5.2%
5.8%

3.4%
3.8%

The discount rate is adjusted to reflect the risk profile equivalent to those that the Group expects to derive from
the assets.
In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy on asset impairment (Note 2(n)), the carrying values of goodwill
were tested for impairment at each reporting date. Note 4(b) contains information about the estimates and
judgements relating to goodwill impairment tests. The results of the tests undertaken as at 31 December 2018
indicated no impairment charge was necessary (2017: Same).

130

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

15 Telecommunications Licences
HK$ millions
At 1 January 2017
Cost
Accumulated amortisation

3,473
(677)

Net book value

2,796

Year ended 31 December 2017
Opening net book value
Amortisation for the year

2,796
(254)

Closing net book value

2,542

At 31 December 2017
Cost
Accumulated amortisation

3,473
(931)

Net book value

2,542

Year ended 31 December 2018
Opening net book value
Amortisation for the year

2,542
(253)

Closing net book value

2,289

At 31 December 2018
Cost
Accumulated amortisation

3,473
(1,184)

Net book value

2,289

2018 Annual Report

131

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

16 Customer Acquisition and Retention Costs
HK$ millions
At 1 January 2017 and 31 December 2017
Cost
Accumulated amortisation

–
–
–

Year ended 31 December 2018
Opening net book value
Changes in accounting policies (Note 2(c))

–
151

At 1 January 2018
Additions
Amortisation for the year

151
153
(172)

Closing net book value

132

At 31 December 2018
Cost
Accumulated amortisation

467
(335)

Net book value

132

17 Contract Assets
Non-current

Current

Total

31 December
2018
HK$ millions

1 January
2018
HK$ millions

31 December
2018
HK$ millions

1 January
2018
HK$ millions

31 December
2018
HK$ millions

1 January
2018
HK$ millions

Contract assets
Less: Provision for doubtful
debts (Note 3(a)(iii))

132

160

282

184

414

344

(2)

(3)

(6)

(4)

(8)

(7)

Contract assets, net of provision

130

157

276

180

406

337

There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to contract assets, as the Group has a large number of customers.

132

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

18 Other Non-Current Assets

Prepayments
Non-current deposits
Pension assets (Note 34(a))

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

255
36
9

162
37
15

300

214

Non-current deposits are carried at amortised cost, which approximate their fair values at the reporting date.

19 Deferred Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off and when the deferred
income taxes relate to the same fiscal authority.
The gross movement of the deferred tax (liabilities)/assets is as follows:
Accelerated
depreciation
allowance
HK$ millions

Tax losses
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

(1,054)

534

(520)

348
1
729

(60)
(68)
(92)

288
(67)
637

At 31 December 2017

24

314

338

At 31 December 2017
Changes in accounting policies (Note 2(c))

24
–

314
(24)

338
(24)

At 1 January 2018
Net charge to consolidated income
statement for the year (Note 10)

24

290

314

(17)

(39)

(56)

7

251

258

At 1 January 2017
Net credit/(charge) to consolidated income
statement for the year
– Continuing operations (Note 10)
– Discontinued operations
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))

At 31 December 2018

2018 Annual Report

133

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

19 Deferred Tax Assets (Continued)
The potential deferred tax assets which have not been recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

1
–

8
1

1

9

Arising from unused tax losses
Arising from depreciation allowances

The utilisation of unused tax losses depends on future taxable profits in excess of the profits arising from the reversal of
existing taxable temporary differences.
As at 31 December 2018, subject to the agreement by tax authorities, total unrecognised tax losses of approximately
HK$6 million (2017: HK$46 million) can be carried forward indefinitely.

20 Investment in a Joint Venture
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

433
(37)

466
(32)

396

434

Loan to a joint venture
Share of undistributed post acquisition reserves

As at 31 December 2018, the loan to a joint venture of HK$433 million (2017: HK$466 million) was unsecured, had no fixed
term of repayment and bore interest at Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate plus 3% per annum (2017: Same).
Particulars of the principal joint venture are summarised as follows:

134

Name

Place of incorporation

Principal activities

Genius Brand Limited

Hong Kong

Telecommunications
business in Hong Kong

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Interest held
50%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

20 Investment in a Joint Venture (Continued)
The Group’s share of the result of its joint venture, which is unlisted, is as follows:
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Net loss and total comprehensive loss for the year

(4)

(6)

Proportionate interest in a joint venture’s capital commitments
Contracted but not provided for

22

37

As at 31 December 2018, there were no contingent liabilities related to the Group’s interest in a joint venture (2017: Nil)
and no contingent liabilities of joint venture itself (2017: Nil).
As at 31 December 2018, all the shares held by the Group in a joint venture were pledged as security in favour of another
partner of the joint venture under a cross share pledge arrangement (2017: Same).

21 Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash at banks and in hand
Short-term bank deposits

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

262
9,293

134
13,583

9,555

13,717

The effective interest rates on short-term bank deposits ranged from 0.26% to 2.05% per annum (2017: 0.04% to 0.88%).
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair values.

2018 Annual Report

135

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

22 Trade Receivables and Other Current Assets
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Trade receivables
Less: Provision for doubtful debts (Note 3(a)(iii))

299
(41)

620
(47)

Trade receivables, net of provision (a)
Other receivables (b)
Prepayments and deposits (b)

258
175
113

573
253
124

546

950

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

150
44
18
46

480
35
10
48

258

573

(a) Trade receivables, net of provision

The ageing analysis of trade receivables, by invoice date,
net of provision for doubtful debts is as follows:
0 – 30 days
31 – 60 days
61 – 90 days
Over 90 days

The carrying values of trade receivables approximate their fair values. There is no concentration of credit risk with
respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of customers.

(b) Other receivables, prepayments and deposits
The carrying values of other receivables and deposits approximate their fair values. Other receivables, prepayments
and deposits do not contain impaired assets. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the fair value of each class of
financial assets mentioned above. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

23 Inventories
Inventories represent handsets and related accessories held for sale. As at 31 December 2018, the amount of inventories
carried at net realisable value was approximately HK$2 million (2017: HK$4 million).

136

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

24 Borrowings
Maturity
year
Unsecured bank loans
Repayable between 1 and 2 years

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

–

3,900

2019

The Group’s borrowings were denominated in HK$.
The carrying values of the Group’s total borrowings as at 31 December 2017 approximated their fair values which were
based on cash flows discounted using the effective interest rates of the Group’s total borrowings of 2.5% per annum and
were within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. These borrowings were fully repaid on 5 January 2018.

25 Trade and Other Payables

Trade payables (a)
Other payables and accruals
Deferred revenue
Current portion of licence fees liabilities (Note 27)

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

314
1,250
135
56

406
1,537
305
56

1,755

2,304

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

244
6
4
60

374
5
3
24

314

406

The carrying values of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.

(a) Trade payables

The ageing analysis of trade payables is as follows:
0 – 30 days
31 – 60 days
61 – 90 days
Over 90 days

2018 Annual Report

137

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

26 Contract Liabilities

Contract liabilities
– mobile telecommunications service contracts

31 December
2018
HK$ millions

1 January
2018
HK$ millions

132

162

Revenue in relation to mobile telecommunications service contracts, which was included in the contract liabilities
balance at the beginning of the year amounting to HK$162 million, was recognised during the year ended 31 December
2018. No revenue is recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods during the year ended
31 December 2018.

27 Licence Fees Liabilities and Other Non-Current Liabilities
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

84
204

135
195

288

330

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

Licence fees liabilities – minimum annual fees payments:
Not later than 1 year
After 1 year, but within 5 years

58
91

57
149

Future finance charges on licence fees liabilities

149
(9)

206
(15)

Carrying amount of licence fees liabilities

140

191

Current portion of licence fees liabilities (Note 25)
Non-current licence fees liabilities:
After 1 year, but within 5 years

56

56

84

135

Total licence fees liabilities

140

191

Non-current licence fees liabilities (a)
Accrued expenses

(a) Licence fees liabilities

The carrying amount of licence fees liabilities is as follows:

138

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

28 Share Capital
(a) Authorised share capital of the Company
The authorised share capital of the Company comprises 10 billion shares of HK$0.25 each (2017: Same).

(b) Issued share capital of the Company
Ordinary share of HK$0.25 each
Number of
Issued and
shares
fully paid
HK$ millions
At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017,
1 January 2018 and 31 December 2018

(c)

4,818,896,208

1,205

Share options of the Company
The Company’s share option scheme was approved on 21 May 2009. The Board of Directors may, under the share
option scheme, grant share options to directors, non-executive directors or employees of the Group.
The movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise price are
as follows:

At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017,
1 January 2018 and 31 December 2018

Weighted
average
exercise
price
per share
HK$

Number of
share
options
granted

1.00

200,000

The exercise price of the share options granted is equal to the market price of the shares on the date of grant. The
share options are exercisable during a period, subject to the vesting schedule, commencing on the date on which
the share options are deemed to have been granted and ending on the date falling ten years from the date of
grant of the share options (subject to early termination thereof). The fair value of share options determined using
the Black-Scholes model was approximately HK$0.27 each. The significant inputs into the model were an expected
volatility of 49%, an expected dividend yield of 5.9%, an expected option life up to 6 years and an annual risk-free
interest rate of 1.65%.
As at 31 December 2018, 200,000 (2017: Same) share options were exercisable.

2018 Annual Report

139

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

29 Reserves

140

Share
premium
HK$ millions

Retained
earnings/
(accumulated
losses)
HK$ millions

Cumulative
translation
adjustments
HK$ millions

Pension
reserve
HK$ millions

Other
reserves
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

At 1 January 2017
Profit for the year
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Currency translation differences
Cumulative translation adjustments released upon
disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))
Disposal of subsidiaries
Dividend paid

11,185
–
–
–

(886)
4,766
–
–

(13)
–
–
4

28
–
105
–

(41)
–
–
–

10,273
4,766
105
4

–
–
–

–
(50)
(520)

11
–
–

–
5
–

–
45
–

11
–
(520)

At 31 December 2017

11,185

3,310

2

138

4

14,639

At 31 December 2017, previously reported
Changes in accounting policies (Note 2(c)(iii))

11,185
–

3,310
96

2
–

138
–

4
–

14,639
96

At 1 January 2018
Profit for the year
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Currency translation differences
Dividend paid (Note 12)

11,185
–
–
–
–

3,406
404
–
–
(368)

2
–
–
(2)
–

138
–
2
–
–

4
–
–
–
–

14,735
404
2
(2)
(368)

At 31 December 2018

11,185

3,442

–

140

4

14,771

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

30 Cash Generated from Operations
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

505

4,137

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxation including discontinued operations
Adjustments for:
– Interest income
– Interest and other finance costs
– Depreciation and amortisation
– Capitalisation of customer acquisition and retention costs (Note 16)
– Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment (Note 8)
– Share of result of a joint venture (Note 20)
– Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31(c))
Changes in working capital
– Increase in trade receivables and other assets
– Decrease in inventories
– (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables
– Changes in retirement benefits

(214)
21
768
(153)
1
4
–

(47)
125
3,583
–
1
6
(5,614)

(74)
18
(354)
8

(167)
2
71
(21)

Cash generated from operations

530

2,076

Non-cash transactions from investing activities
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the principal non-cash transactions were the settlement of network access fee
payable to a joint venture of HK$127 million (2017: HK$121 million) which was recorded as a decrease in investment in
a joint venture, and others of HK$21 million (2017: HK$19 million) which was recorded as an increase in investment in a
joint venture.

Non-cash transactions from financing activities
During the year ended 31 December 2017, the principal non-cash transaction was the other finance cost of HK$33 million,
which was recorded as an increase in borrowings.

2018 Annual Report

141

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 Discontinued Operations
Upon the completion of the Disposal, the Group continues to be engaged in the mobile telecommunications business in
Hong Kong and Macau. As the business disposed of was considered as a separate major line of business, the corresponding
operations had been presented as discontinued operations.
(a)

Analysis of the results of discontinued operations is as follows:
2017
HK$ millions
Discontinued operations
Revenue
Staff costs
Expensed customer acquisition and retention costs
Depreciation and amortisation
Other operating expenses

(b)

2,933
(298)
(77)
(579)
(1,569)

Interest and other finance costs, net

410
(18)

Profit before taxation from discontinued operations
Taxation

392
(71)

Profit after taxation from discontinued operations
Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries (c)

321
5,614

Profit for the year from discontinued operations

5,935

Analysis of the cash flows of discontinued operations is as follows:
2017
HK$ millions
Net cash inflow from operating activities
Net cash outflow from investing activities
Net cash outflow from financing activities
Net cash inflow from discontinued operations

142

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

854
(498)
(332)
24

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 Discontinued Operations (Continued)
(c)

Assets and liabilities disposed of are as follows:
2017
HK$ millions
Cash consideration
Net assets disposed of:
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Other non-current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade receivables and other current assets
Amount due from the immediate holding company
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries
Deferred tax liabilities
Loan from the immediate holding company – non-current
Other non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Current income tax liabilities
Loan from the immediate holding company – current
Amount due to the immediate holding company
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries

14,527

Total net assets disposed of

(3,807)

Transfer of shareholder loan
Release of cumulative translation adjustments
Transaction costs

(4,793)
(11)
(302)

Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries

5,614

(6,681)
(2,348)
(529)
(283)
(1,118)
(28)
(25)
637
1,058
34
1,719
4
3,599
136
18

An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:

2017
HK$ millions
Cash consideration
Cash and cash equivalents disposed of

14,527
(283)

Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries

14,244

2018 Annual Report

143

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

32 Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December, the Group had contingent liabilities in respect of the following:
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

4
1

4
1

5

5

Performance guarantees
Others

33 Commitments
As at 31 December, outstanding commitments of the Group not provided for in the consolidated financial statements are
as follows:

(a) Capital commitments
The Group had capital commitments contracted but not provided for as follows:

Property, plant and equipment
Telecommunications licences

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

396
2,040

444
–

2,436

444

On 10 September 2018, Hutchison Telephone Company Limited (“HTCL”), a subsidiary of the Group, exercised a
right of first refusal for the re-assignment of a block of 20 MHz spectrum at the 1800 MHz band (the “Re-assigned
Spectrum”) for a 15-year period commencing September 2021 at Spectrum Utilisation Fee (“SUF”) of which was
subsequently determined to be approximately HK$1,080 million. As at 31 December 2018, a standby letter of credit
of HK$1,400 million was issued in favour of the Communications Authority of Hong Kong (“CA”) in relation to the
Re-assigned Spectrum, which was subsequently reduced to HK$1,080 million in January 2019.
On 18 December 2018, HTCL successfully bidded a block of 10 MHz spectrum at the 900 MHz band and a block
of 10 MHz spectrum at the 1800 MHz band (together the “Bidded Spectrums”) for a 15-year period commencing
January 2021 and September 2021, respectively, at SUF of approximately HK$500 million and HK$460 million,
respectively. As at 31 December 2018, a standby letter of credit of HK$760 million in aggregate was issued in favour
of the CA in relation to the Bidded Spectrums.
SUF for the Re-assigned Spectrum and the Bidded Spectrums are payable either (i) in full as a lump sum payment
upfront (by November 2020 for 900 MHz band and by July 2021 for 1800 MHz band); or (ii) annually in
15 instalments with the first instalment equivalent to the lump sum amount divided by 15 and for each subsequent
instalment an amount equal to the SUF payable in the immediately preceding instalment increased by 2.5%.

144

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

33 Commitments (Continued)
(a) Capital commitments (Continued)
The above amount included the following capital commitment with related parties:

Property, plant and equipment

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

3

–

(b) Operating lease commitments
The Group had future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as follows:
Buildings

Not later than 1 year
After 1 year, but within 5 years

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

206
59

200
134

265

334

Other assets

Not later than 1 year

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

–

1

The above amount included the following future aggregate minimum lease payments to related parties:
Buildings

Not later than 1 year

(c)

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

1

1

Telecommunications licence fees
A subsidiary of the Group acquired various blocks of spectrum bands for the provision of telecommunications
services in Hong Kong, certain of which over various assignment periods up to year 2021. The variable licence
fees for these spectrum bands was charged on 5% of the network revenue or the Appropriate Fee (as defined in
the Unified Carrier Licence), whichever is greater. The net present value of the Appropriate Fee has already been
recorded as licence fee liabilities.

2018 Annual Report

145

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

34 Employee Retirement Benefits
The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution plans, the assets of which are held
independently of the Group’s assets in trustee administered funds.

(a) Defined benefit plans
The Group’s defined benefit plans represent principally contributory final salary pension plans in Hong Kong. As at
31 December 2018, the Group’s plans were valued by the independent qualified actuaries using the projected unit
credit method to account for the Group’s pension accounting costs (2017: Same).
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

(208)
217

(256)
271

9

15

Present value
of obligations
HK$ millions

Fair value
of plan assets
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

At 1 January 2018

(256)

271

15

Amounts recognised in
consolidated income statement
Pension costs, included in staff costs:
– Current service cost
– Net interest (expense)/income

(21)
(4)

–
4

(21)
–

(25)

4

(21)

–
12
10

(20)
–
–

(20)
12
10

22

(20)

2

Contributions:
– Employers

–

13

13

Actual benefits paid

39

(39)

–

Net transfer

12

(12)

–

(208)

217

9

The amount recognised in the consolidated statement of
financial position:
Present value of funded plans’ obligations
Less: Fair value of plan assets
Pension assets recognised in the consolidated
statement of financial position (Note 18)
The movements in the defined benefit obligations over the year are as follows:

Amounts recognised in
other comprehensive income
Remeasurements:
– Loss on plan assets, excluding amounts
included in interest income
– Gain from change in financial assumptions
– Experience gains

At 31 December 2018
146

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

34 Employee Retirement Benefits (Continued)
(a) Defined benefit plans (Continued)
Present value
of obligations
HK$ millions

Fair value
of plan assets
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

At 1 January 2017

(428)

316

(112)

Amounts recognised in
consolidated income statement
Pension costs, included in staff costs:
– Current service cost
– Net interest (expense)/income
– Past service cost – curtailments

(37)
(4)
5

–
3
–

(37)
(1)
5

(36)

3

(33)

–
(2)
28
7

73
–
–
–

73
(2)
28
7

33

73

106

Contributions:
– Employers
– Employees

–
(1)

22
1

22
–

Actual benefits paid

148

(148)

–

Transfer to other liabilities

28

4

32

(256)

271

15

Amounts recognised in
other comprehensive income
Remeasurements:
– Gain on plan assets, excluding amounts
included in interest income
– Loss from change in demographic assumptions
– Gain from change in financial assumptions
– Experience gains

At 31 December 2017

2018 Annual Report

147

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

34 Employee Retirement Benefits (Continued)
(a) Defined benefit plans (Continued)
Plan assets consist of the following:

Equity instruments
Debt instruments
Other assets

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

157
49
11

191
71
9

217

271

The principal actuarial assumptions and the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal
assumptions are:

Discount rate
Future salary rate

Discount rate
Future salary rate

Assumption
used

2018
Impact to
the defined
benefit
obligations if
rate increases
by 0.25%

Impact to
the defined
benefit
obligations if
rate decreases
by 0.25%

2.3% to 2.4%
4.0%

-2.1%
+0.6%

+2.2%
-0.5%

Assumption
used

2017
Impact to
the defined
benefit
obligations if
rate increases
by 0.25%

Impact to
the defined
benefit
obligations if
rate decreases
by 0.25%

1.6% to 1.8%
4.0%

-2.1%
+0.6%

+2.1%
-0.6%

The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant.
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of
the defined benefit obligations calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period)
has been applied in calculating the pension liability recognised within the consolidated statement of financial
position. The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change comparing
to the previous period.

148

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

34 Employee Retirement Benefits (Continued)
(a) Defined benefit plans (Continued)

Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligations

2018

2017

9 years

8 years

Expected contributions to defined benefit plans for the year ending 31 December 2019 are approximately
HK$16 million.
Forfeited contributions totalling HK$3 million (2017: HK$5 million) were used to reduce the current year’s
level of contributions during the year and insignificant amounts were available as at 31 December 2018 (2017:
HK$0.4 million) to reduce future years’ contributions.
Contributions to fund the obligations are based upon the recommendations of independent qualified actuaries
for each of the Group’s pension plans to fully fund the relevant schemes on an ongoing basis. The realisation of
the surplus/deficit is contingent upon the realisation of the actuarial assumptions made which is dependent upon
a number of factors including the market performance of plan assets. Funding requirements of the Group’s major
defined benefit plans are detailed below.
The Group operates two principal pension plans in Hong Kong. One plan, which has been closed to new entrants
since 1994, provides pension benefits based on the greater of the aggregate of the employee and employer vested
contributions plus a minimum interest thereon of 6% per annum, and pension benefits derived by a formula based on
the final salary and years of service. An independent actuarial valuation, undertaken for funding purposes under the
provision of Hong Kong’s Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance (“ORSO”), at 31 May 2017 reported a funding
level of 125% of the accrued actuarial liabilities on an ongoing basis. The valuation used the attained age valuation
method and the main assumptions in the valuation are an investment return of 5% per annum, salary increases of
4% per annum and interest credited to balances of 6% per annum. The valuation was prepared by Tian Keat Aun, a
Fellow of The Institute of Actuaries, and William Chow, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, of Towers Watson Hong
Kong Limited. The second plan provides benefits equal to the employer vested contributions plus a minimum interest
thereon of 5% per annum. As at 31 December 2018, vested benefits under this plan were fully funded in accordance
with the ORSO funding requirements.

(b) Defined contribution plans
Employees of certain subsidiaries are entitled to receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined
contribution plan. The employee and the employer both make monthly contributions to the plan at a predetermined
rate of the employees’ basic salary. The Group has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly
contributions. The fund is administered and managed by the relevant government agencies. Forfeited contributions
totalling HK$0.6 million (2017: HK$0.4 million) were used to reduce the current year’s level of contributions during
the year and no forfeited contribution was available as at 31 December 2018 (2017: insignificant amounts) to reduce
future years’ contributions.

2018 Annual Report

149

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

35 Subsidiaries
Particulars of principal subsidiaries are set out on page 155.
The financial information for the subsidiary that has non-controlling interests that is material to the Group is as follows:
HTCL
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

9,545
1,676

9,351
1,693

11,221

11,044

(4,806)
(5,782)

(8,753)
(1,916)

(10,588)

(10,669)

633

375

7,610

6,347

Profit/(loss) for the year

137

(1,784)

Total profit/(loss) for the year attributable to non-controlling interests

33

(430)

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

137

(1,780)

Summarised cash flows
Net cash generated from operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash used in financing activities

546
(415)
–

512
(429)
(20)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January

131
83

63
20

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December

214

83

Summarised statement of financial position
Assets
Non-current assets
Current assets

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Current liabilities

Net assets
Summarised income statement
Revenue

The amounts disclosed above are before inter-company eliminations.

150

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

36 Ultimate Holding Company
As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, approximately 66% of the issued share capital of the Company was owned by
CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (“CKHH”). The directors regarded CKHH as the Company’s ultimate holding company.

37 Related Party Transactions
Parties are considered to be related to the Group if the party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to exercise significant
influence over the Group in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa. Related parties may be individuals
(being members of key management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other
entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties
are individuals.

Related Party Group:
(1)

CKHH Group – CKHH together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries and joint ventures

(2)

Other shareholders of subsidiaries of the Group: NTT Group – Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation together
with its direct and indirect subsidiaries and joint ventures

(3)

Joint venture of the Group

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. Save as disclosed
elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, transactions between the Group and other related parties during the
year are summarised below.

(a) Key management personnel remuneration
No transaction has been entered with the directors of the Company (being the key management personnel) during
the year other than the emoluments paid to them (being the key management personnel remuneration) as disclosed
in Note 7.

2018 Annual Report

151

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

37 Related Party Transactions (Continued)
(b) Transactions with related parties
2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

CKHH Group
Provision of mobile telecommunications services
Provision of fixed-line telecommunications services
Sharing of services arrangement income
Purchase of telecommunications services
Purchase of telecommunications products
Rental expenses on lease arrangements
Dealership service expenses
Billing collection service expenses
Purchase of office supplies
Purchase of air tickets and hotel accommodation
Advertising and promotion expenses
Global procurement service arrangement expenses
Sharing of services arrangement expenses
Equipment maintenance expenses
Corporate guarantee expenses
Interest expenses

21
–
1
(6)
(3)
(6)
(3)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(7)
(28)
–
(8)
–

20
265
1
(79)
–
(5)
(1)
(7)
(10)
(3)
(3)
(6)
(46)
(1)
(8)
(5)

NTT Group
Provision of mobile telecommunications services
Purchase of telecommunications services
Purchase of property, plant and equipment

11
(17)
(18)

13
(7)
–

Joint Venture of the Group
Interest income
Sharing of services arrangement income
Purchase of telecommunications services

21
1
(127)

17
1
(122)

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the above related party transactions were carried out in the normal
course of business and at terms mutually negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

152

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

38 Statement of Financial Position of the Company
At 31 December 2018

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

ASSETS
Current assets
Receivables from subsidiaries
Other current assets
Cash and cash equivalents

8,732
50
9,200

4,848
30
13,532

Total current assets

17,982

18,410

Current liabilities
Other payables
Current income tax liabilities
Payables to subsidiaries

59
11
–

228
–
162

Total current liabilities

70

390

Net assets

17,912

18,020

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital
Reserves (a)

1,205
16,707

1,205
16,815

Total equity

17,912

18,020

LUI Dennis Pok Man
Director

KOO Sing Fai
Director

2018 Annual Report

153

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

38 Statement of Financial Position of the Company (Continued)
(a) Reserve movement of the Company
Share premium
HK$ millions

Retained earnings
HK$ millions

Total
HK$ millions

At 1 January 2017
Profit for the year
Dividend paid

11,185
–
–

359
5,791
(520)

11,544
5,791
(520)

At 31 December 2017

11,185

5,630

16,815

At 1 January 2018
Profit for the year
Dividend paid (Note 12)

11,185
–
–

5,630
260
(368)

16,815
260
(368)

At 31 December 2018

11,185

5,522

16,707

Reserve of the Company available for distribution to shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2018
amounted to HK$16,707 million (2017: HK$16,815 million).

39 Subsequent event
Save as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, there was no other material subsequent event.

154

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

List of Principal Subsidiaries

Particulars of the principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2018 are as follows:

*

Direct
interest
held

Held by
Indirect
noninterest controlling
held interests

Name

Place of incorporation
and kind of legal entity

Principal activities and
place of operation

Particulars of
issued share capital

Hutchison Telecommunications
(HK) Holdings Limited

The British Virgin Islands,
limited liability company

Investment holding

1 ordinary share of
US$1 each

100%

–

–

Hutchison Telecom Finance Limited

Hong Kong, limited liability
company

Treasury services in
Hong Kong

HK$1

100%

–

–

Hutchison Telecommunications
(Hong Kong) Limited

Hong Kong, limited liability
company

Management and treasury
services in Hong Kong

HK$5,000,020

–

100%

–

Hutchison Telecommunications
Information Technology
(Shenzhen) Limited *

The People’s Republic of
China (the “PRC”), limited
liability company

Information technology
services in the PRC

HK$10,000,000

–

100%

–

Hutchison Telecommunication
Services Limited

Hong Kong, limited liability
company

Telecommunications retail
HK$20
operations in Hong Kong

–

100%

–

Hutchison Telephone Company
Limited

Hong Kong, limited liability
company

Mobile telecommunications
business in Hong Kong

HK$2,730,684,340

–

75.9%

24.1%

Hutchison Telephone (Macau)
Company Limited

Macau, limited liability
company

Mobile telecommunications
business in Macau

MOP10,000,000

–

75.9%

24.1%

Wholly owned foreign enterprise (WOFE) registered under the PRC law.

2018 Annual Report

155

Financial Summary

2018
HK$ millions

2017
HK$ millions

2016
HK$ millions

2015
HK$ millions

2014
HK$ millions

7,912

6,752

8,332

18,477

12,632

Profit for the year
Non-controlling interests

433
(29)

4,354
412

754
(72)

1,059
(162)

963
(130)

Net profit attributable to shareholders
of the Company

404

4,766

682

897

833

ASSETS
Total non-current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Other current assets

7,854
9,555
929

7,700
13,717
1,075

19,512
357
1,880

18,194
1,101
2,428

18,305
359
2,034

Total assets

18,338

22,492

21,749

21,723

20,698

LIABILITIES
Short-term borrowings
Other current liabilities
Long-term borrowings
Other non-current liabilities

–
1,903
–
288

3,900
2,307
–
330

–
4,134
4,467
1,087

–
4,731
3,962
1,015

–
3,974
3,952
1,063

Total liabilities

2,191

6,537

9,688

9,708

8,989

Net assets

16,147

15,955

12,061

12,015

11,709

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital
Reserves

1,205
14,771

1,205
14,639

1,205
10,273

1,205
10,241

1,205
10,088

Total shareholders’ funds
Non-controlling interests

15,976
171

15,844
111

11,478
583

11,446
569

11,293
416

Total equity

16,147

15,955

12,061

12,015

11,709

RESULTS
Revenue – continuing operations

Note:

156

Details of the basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Glossary

In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
Terms

Definitions

“4G LTE”

4G Long Term Evolution

“Articles of Association”

the Articles of Association of the Company as amended from time to time

“Board”

the Board of Directors of the Company

“CACs”

expensed customer acquisition and retention costs in the income statement

“CKHGI”

CK Hutchison Global Investments Limited

“CKHH”

CK Hutchison Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with
limited liability, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(Stock Code: 1)

“CKHH Group”

CKHH and its subsidiaries

“CKI”

CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited

“Company” or “HTHKH”

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 215) and whose American depositary shares are eligible
for trading in the United Shares of America only in the over-the-counter market

“Director(s)”

director(s) of the Company

“EBIT”

earnings before interest and other finance income, interest and other finance costs,
taxation, adjusted to include the Group’s proportionate share of joint venture’s EBIT but
exclude one-off accelerated depreciation charges

“EBITDA”

earnings before interest and other finance income, interest and other finance costs,
taxation, depreciation and amortisation as well as after capitalisation of certain
incremental costs subsequent to adoption of IFRS 15, adjusted to include the Group’s
proportionate share of joint venture’s EBITDA

“ESG”

Environmental, Social and Governance

“FinTech”

Financial Technology

“fixed-line business”

fixed-line telecommunications business

2018 Annual Report

157

Glossary

158

Terms

Definitions

“gain on disposal of subsidiaries
and other items”

gain on disposal of subsidiaries and other items in 2017 included disposal gain of
the fixed-line business, one-off after tax and non-controlling interests accelerated
depreciation charges for certain 2G and 3G mobile telecommunications fixed assets,
and profit after taxation from the discontinued operations

“Group”

the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK” or “Hong Kong”

the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China

“HK$”

Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“HKEx”

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited

“HPHM”

Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited

“HTAL”

Hutchison Telecommunications (Australia) Limited

“HTHK”

Hutchison Telecommunications (Hong Kong) Limited

“HTHL”

Hutchison Telecommunications Holdings Limited

“HTIHL”

Hutchison Telecommunications Investment Holdings Limited

“HTIL”

Hutchison Telecommunications International Limited

“HWL”

Hutchison Whampoa Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited
liability, whose shares were previously listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (Stock Code: 13) and was privatised by way of a scheme of arrangement on
3 June 2015; the then substantial shareholder of the Company

“HWL Group”

HWL and its subsidiaries

“IFRS”

International Financial Reporting Standards

“IoT”

Internet-of-Things

“IT”

Information Technology

“Listing Rules”

the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“mobile”

mobile telecommunications business

“NB-IoT”

Narrowband Internet-of-Things

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Glossary

Terms

Definitions

“net customer service margin”

net customer service revenue less direct variable costs (including interconnection
charges and roaming costs)

“Postpaid gross ARPU”

monthly average spending per postpaid user including a customer’s contribution to
mobile devices in a bundled plan

“Postpaid net AMPU”

average net margin per postpaid user; postpaid net AMPU equals postpaid net ARPU
less direct variable costs (including interconnection charges and roaming costs)

“Postpaid net ARPU”

monthly average spending per postpaid user excluding revenue related to handset
under the non-subsidised handset business model

“PwC”

PricewaterhouseCoopers

“service EBITDA”

EBITDA excluding standalone handset sales margin

“SFO”

Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of Laws of Hong Kong) as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Stock Exchange”

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“USA”

the United States of America

2018 Annual Report

159

Information for Shareholders

Listing

Cayman Islands Share Registrar and Transfer Office

The ordinary shares of the Company are listed on the Main Board
of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and its American
depositary shares (ADSs) are eligible for trading in the United
States of America only in the over-the-counter market.

SMP Partners (Cayman) Limited
Royal Bank House - 3rd Floor,
24 Shedden Road, P.O. Box 1586,
Grand Cayman, KY1-1110, Cayman Islands
Telephone:
+1 345 949 9107
Facsimile:
+1 345 949 5777

Stock Code
215

As at 31 December 2018:
Approximately HK$3,545 million (approximately 25.19%
of the issued share capital of the Company)

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:
+852 2862 8628
Facsimile:
+852 2865 0990

Financial Calendar

ADS Depositary

Payment of 2018 Interim Dividend:
2018 Final Results Announcement:
Closure of Register of Members:

3 September 2018
28 February 2019
3 May 2019 to
8 May 2019
Annual General Meeting:		8 May 2019
Record Date for 2018 Special Interim
Dividend and Final Dividend:
15 May 2019
Payment of 2018 Special Interim
Dividend and Final Dividend:
24 May 2019
2019 Interim Results Announcement: July 2019

Citibank, N.A.
Citibank Shareholder Services
P.O. Box 43077, Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3077,
the United States of America
Telephone (toll free within USA): +1 877 248 4237
Telephone (outside USA):
+1 781 575 4555
Facsimile:
+1 201 324 3284
Email:
citibank@shareholders-online.com

Registered Office

Corporate press releases, financial reports and other investor
information are available online at the website of the Company.

Public Float Capitalisation

P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion, Hibiscus Way,
802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, KY1-1205 Cayman Islands

Head Office and Principal Place of Business
48th Floor, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen’s Road Central,
Hong Kong
Telephone:
+852 2128 1188
Facsimile:
+852 2128 1778

Principal Executive Office
19th Floor, Hutchison Telecom Tower, 99 Cheung Fai Road,
Tsing Yi, Hong Kong
Telephone:
+852 2128 2828
Facsimile:
+852 2128 3388

160

Hong Kong Share Registrar and Transfer Office

Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited

Investor Information

Investor Relations Contact
Please direct enquiries to:
Telephone:
+852 2128 6828
Facsimile:
+852 3909 0966
Email:		
ir@hthkh.com

Website Address
www.hthkh.com

